The Chi River  is a Chinese river that is tributary to the Hanshui, or Han River, which ultimately flows into the Yangtze. Its total length is and drains an area of . 
The Radical Liberal Party  was a political party in Paraguay. It was the largest legal opposition group during the Stroessner regime, but disappeared soon after he was overthrown.
The University of Toledo, commonly referred to as U of Toledo or UT, is a public research university located in Toledo, Ohio, United States. The university also operates a Health Science campus, which includes the University of Toledo Medical Center, in the West Toledo neighborhood of Toledo; a satellite campus in the Scott Park neighborhood of Toledo; the Center for the Visual Arts is located in downtown Toledo at the Toledo Museum of Art; and a research and education facility, known as the Lake Erie Center, is at the Maumee Bay State Park.
Melvin Ingram III (born April 26, 1989) is an American football defensive end for the Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League . He played college football for the University of South Carolina, and earned All-American honors. He was selected by the Chargers in the first round with the 18th overall pick of the 2012 NFL Draft.
Nearchos  was an Attic potter and vase painter of the black figure style, active in Athens c. 570 to 555 BC.
Robert Atty Bessing Airport , also known as Kolonel R.A. Bessing Airport, is an airport in Malinau, North Kalimantan, Indonesia. It is located in the Indonesian territory of Kalimantan on the island of Borneo.
Raja Haji Abdullah Airport , is a domestic airport serving Tanjung Balai Karimun, on the Great Karimun island, in the Riau Islands Province  of Indonesia.
Cijulang Nusawiru Airport  , also known as "Pangandaran Airport", is an airport near Pangandaran, Pangandaran Regency, a city in the province of West Java on the island of Java in Indonesia.
The Arkesilas Painter was a Laconian vase painter active around 560 BC. He is considered one of the five great vase painters of Sparta.
Beringin Airport  is an airport in Muara Teweh, the capital city of the North Barito Regency in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia.
Syukuran Aminuddin Amir Airport  , is an airport near Luwuk, the capital city of Banggai Regency, in the province of Central Sulawesi on the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Betoambari Airport  , is an airport near Baubau, a city in the province of Southeast Sulawesi on the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Twitch is a live streaming video platform owned by Twitch Interactive, a subsidiary of Amazon. Introduced in June 2011 as a spin-off of the general-interest streaming platform, Justin.tv, the site primarily focuses on video game live streaming, including broadcasts of eSports competitions, in addition to music broadcasts, creative content, and more recently, "in real life" streams. 
Jean Omer Beriziky (born 9 September 1950) is a Malagasy politician and diplomat who was Prime Minister of Madagascar in the government of consensus of President Andry Rajoelina from 2011 to 2014.
Wierzyca is a river of Poland, a tributary of the Vistula in Gniew. Among its own tributaries is the Mała Wierzyca.
Palestine national under-20 football team  is controlled by Palestinian Football Association and represents Palestine in international under-20 football competitions. 
Sergey Olegovich Sirotkin (, born 27 August 1995) is a Russian professional racing driver who competed in Formula One in for the Williams team. He is now the backup driver for McLaren.
Carly Rose Sonenclar (born April 20, 1999) is an American singer and actress. In December 2012, she became the runner-up on the second season of "The X Factor".
Adriana Aparecida da Silva (born 22 July 1981) is a Brazilian long-distance runner who competes in half marathons and marathons. She has represented her country at World Championship-level both on the roads and in cross country. She won two gold medals in the marathon at the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico and 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The National Library of Angola is located in Luanda.
The BC Aichach is a German association football club from the town of Aichach, Bavaria.
The Rudolph Tegner Museum, dedicated to the oeuvre of the sculptor Rudolph Tegner, is set in the middle of a protected area just south of Dronningmølle on Zealand's north coast, some 50 km north of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The Mini Estadio Cerro del Espino is a multi-use stadium located in Majadahonda, Community of Madrid, Spain.
Associazione Sportiva Lucchese Libertas 1905, or simply Lucchese, was an Italian football club, based in Lucca, Tuscany that last played in Serie C, the third tier of Italian football. The club was founded in 1905, having last been in Serie A in 1952.
Dr. Shakuntala Misra National Rehabilitation University  is a state university located in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India. The first university of its kind, which also provides accessible and quality higher education to
BTC City is a shopping mall, sports, entertainment and business area in Ljubljana, Slovenia, with more than 500 shops. It is one of the largest shopping and entertainment complexes in Europe. 
Rethymno  is a city of approximately 40,000 people in Greece, the capital of Rethymno regional unit on the island of Crete, a former Latin Catholic bishopric as Retimo and former Latin titular see.
WKIW (88.3 FM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Ironwood, Michigan. The station, established in 2008, is owned and operated by Educational Media Foundation.
Club Deportivo Municipal de La Paz is a Bolivian football club based in La Paz. Founded on 20 October 1944, it currently plays in Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano, holding home games at "Estadio Luis Lastra", with a 10,000-seat capacity.
Christopher Boyes is an American sound engineer. He has won four Academy Awards and has been nominated for another ten. 
Juba Airport is an airport serving Juba, the capital city of South Sudan. The airport is located 5 km (3 mi) northeast of the city's central business district, on the western banks of the White Nile. The city and airport are located in South Sudan's Jubek State.
Iksan National Baseball Training Stadium is a baseball stadium in Iksan, South Korea.
Major General Osama al-Juwaili  is a Libyan military officer who served as Minister of Defence in the government of Abdurrahim El-Keib, Libya's interim Prime Minister. Since the formation of the Government of National Accord  in 2015, al-Juwaili served it as a senior commander, since 2017 being the commander of the Western Military Zone. 
Nuclear New Build Generation Company  is a subsidiary created by EDF Energy to build and then operate two new nuclear power stations in the United Kingdom. The new plants are to be Hinkley Point C and Sizewell C and will eventually produce up to 6.4GW in total.
WOW air was an Icelandic ultra low-cost carrier founded in 2011 that operated services between Iceland, Europe, Asia, and North America. The airline was headquartered in Reykjavík and based at Keflavík International Airport. 
Song Ji-eun, (born May 5, 1990), better known mononymously as Jieun, is a South Korean singer best known as a member of the South Korean girl group Secret. Aside from her group's activities, she has released several solo songs and participated in various OSTs. In 2011, her second single, "Going Crazy" featuring Bang Yong-guk, went to become her first number one single on the Gaon Chart as a solo artist.
Mikaela Pauline Shiffrin (born March 13, 1995) is an American two-time Olympic gold medalist and World Cup alpine skier. She is the current three-time reigning Overall World Cup champion, the four-time reigning world champion in slalom, and a six-time winner of the World Cup discipline title in that event. 
David Bierens de Haan (3 May 1822, Amsterdam – 12 August 1895, Leiden) was a Dutch mathematician and historian of science.
Ross Shor Lynch (born December 29, 1995) is an American singer, songwriter, musician and actor. He was the lead vocalist of the pop rock band R5 and one half of the band The Driver Era, with his brother, Rocky Lynch. As an actor, he is known for his debut role as Austin Moon on the Disney Channel original series "Austin & Ally", and for his role as Brady in the "Teen Beach Movie" series.
The Ozurgeti History Museum is a historical-ethnographic museum located in Ozurgeti. It is the biggest museum in the Guria region.
The Nomoi Islands, also known as Mortlock Islands, are a group of three large atolls in the state of Chuuk, Federated States of Micronesia. They are located about to the southeast of Chuuk.
Tejon Creek, originally in Spanish Arroyo de Tejon, is a stream in Kern County, California. Its headwaters are located on the western slopes of the Tehachapi Mountains, and it flows northwest into the southern San Joaquin Valley.
Lisleby Fotballklubb is a multi-sports club from Fredrikstad, Norway. The team plays football and athletics at Lisleby Stadion.
Marungi is a locality in northern Victoria. The locality is shared between the local government areas of the Shire of Moira and City of Greater Shepparton.
The Eastern Isles  are a group of twelve small uninhabited islands within the Isles of Scilly Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, part of the Scilly Heritage Coast and a Site of Special Scientific Interest  first designated in 1971 for its flora and fauna. They have a long period of occupation from the Bronze Age with cairns and entrance graves through to Iron Age field systems and a Roman shrine on Nornour. 
Erich Emminger (25 June 1880 – 30 August 1951) was a German lawyer and Catholic politician of the Center Party  and later of the Bavarian People's Party .
Henry Borwin II, Lord of Mecklenburg (1170 – 5 June 1226) was a member of the House of Mecklenburg, was a Prince of Mecklenburg from 1219 to 1226 and Lord of Rostock (1225-1226).
Kamratvallen is a football stadium in Holmsund, Sweden and the home stadium for the football team IFK Holmsund.
Irmina of Oeren or Irmina of Trier (d. 704/710) was the wife of Hugobert, seneschal and Count palatine, a leading person of the Hugobertine noble family.
Viimsi JK, or simply as Viimsi, is a football club based in Haabneeme, Viimsi Parish, Estonia.
FC Manu Laeva is a Tuvalu football club from Nukulaelae, playing in the Tuvalu A-Division. 
Ross Creek is the main ocean tributary of Yeppoon, Queensland, on the Capricorn Coast. Beak Bridge crosses Ross Creek, connecting Yeppoon with Cooee Bay and other southern towns along Scenic Highway 10.
Al-Ahly Shendi Club  is a football  club from Sudan based in Shendi.
The National Archives of Eritrea are the national archives of Eritrea. They are located in Asmara.
Universitas Nasional  is the oldest private university in Jakarta and the second oldest in Indonesia. It was founded by several Indonesian scholars on October 15, 1949, as Akademi Nasional.
The Krida Wacana Christian University  is a private university in Jakarta, Indonesia. It was founded on January 20, 1967, as Universitas Kristen Djaja.
The Maltese Political Union  was a political party in Malta.
Flying Colors is an American supergroup composed of Mike Portnoy, Dave LaRue, Casey McPherson, Neal Morse and Steve Morse. The band's mission, chartered by executive producer Bill Evans, is to combine complex music with accessible songwriting. 
National Authority for Remote Sensing and Space Sciences  is the pioneering Egyptian institution in the field of satellite remote sensing.
Soluna Samay Kettel (born 27 August 1990, Guatemala City, Guatemala) is a Guatemalan singer based in Denmark. Samay represented Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan with her entry "Should've Known Better."
Kalighat Milan Sangha Football Club is an Indian football club from Kalighat South Kolkata. Formed in 1944, the club has always been amateur but in January 2012 it announced its move into professional football and was accepted into the I-League 2nd Division, the second tier of football in India. 
Arshi Pipa (1920 – July 20, 1997) was an Albanian-American philosopher, writer, poet and literary critic.
AC Connecticut is an American amateur soccer team based in Newtown, Connecticut, playing in USL League Two, the fourth tier of the American soccer pyramid. The team colors are blue, black and white.
The Hainan Library  is located in the Hainan Cultural Park at 36 Guoxing Avenue, Haikou, Hainan, China. It was established on February 2, 2007.
Enon is a small town in the Eastern Cape in South Africa. It is named after the biblical place mentioned in It lies east of Kirkwood and north-east of Uitenhage.
Arthur Nabarrete Zanetti (born April 16, 1990) is a Brazilian artistic gymnast. He won the gold medal on rings exercise at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London and at the 2013 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Antwerp.
Dmitriy Gruzdev (born 13 March 1986) is a Kazakh professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
The Péninsule Loranchet, also known as Presqu'île Loranchet,  is a peninsula of Grande Terre, the main island of the subantarctic Kerguelen archipelago in the southern Indian Ocean.
Grande Terre is the largest and principal island of New Caledonia.
Sorefame  was a Portuguese manufacturer of railway rolling stock and industrial equipment, such as dam gates equipment. The company was established in 1943.
Sportsklubben Brage is a defunct Norwegian multi-sports club from Trondheim.
Lars Rehmann (born 21 May 1975) is a former professional tennis player from Germany.
Matthias Lukas Ginter (born 19 January 1994) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Borussia Mönchengladbach and the German national team.
Illinois Field was a stadium in Champaign, Illinois. It hosted the Illinois Fighting Illini football team until they moved to the Memorial Stadium in 1923 and the school's baseball team until they moved to the current Illinois Field in 1988. 
Khejuri College, established in 1999, is a college in Baratala, a gram panchayat in Khejuri II, Purba Medinipur district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts. It is affiliated to Vidyasagar University.
Yohei Oshima (大島 洋平, born November 9, 1985 in Japan) is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
Erkki Antero Kourula (born 12 June 1948) is a Finnish judge who currently serves as a judge of the International Criminal Court .
Kismayo Airport , also known as Kisimayu Airport, is an international airport serving Kismayo, the capital city of the Lower Juba region in Somalia. It is located in southern Jubaland, an autonomous region in Somalia.
The Unified Progressive Party  is a banned political party in South Korea. It was founded on 5 December 2011 as a merger of the Democratic Labor Party, the People's Participation Party of Rhyu Si-min, and a faction of the New Progressive Party. Until 12 May 2012 it was jointly chaired by Rhyu Si-min, Lee Jung-hee, and Sim Sang-jung.
Akanda Football Club  is a Gabonese football club based in Libreville, Gabon. The club plays in the highest level league of Gabon – Gabon Championnat National D1.
Detroit City FC  is a semi-professional American soccer club based in Hamtramck, Michigan that plays in the National Premier Soccer League , the fourth tier of the American soccer pyramid. The club played its home matches at Cass Technical High School in downtown Detroit until 2015, before moving to Keyworth Stadium in Hamtramck, an enclave of Detroit. 
Tuva Airlines  is an airline based in Kyzyl, in the Russian federal republic of Tuva.
The Bisenzio is a 49-kilometer-long river in the municipality of Cantagallo. It flows into the Arno river in Signa . 
The University of Lorraine , often abbreviated in UL, is a grand établissement created on 1 January 2012 by the merger of Henri Poincaré, Nancy 2 and Paul Verlaine Universities, and the National Polytechnic Institute of Lorraine , etc...
The Zaragoza Birthplace State Historic Park is located adjacent to Presidio La Bahía in Goliad State Park and Historic Site, Goliad County in the U.S. state of Texas. An amphitheater and bronze statue of Ignacio Zaragoza are also on the grounds.
Kim Min-jung (born July 29, 1986) is a badminton player representing South Korea. Her name is sometimes spelled Kim Min-jeong.
Oyster River is a small tributary of the Miramichi River of New Brunswick, Canada. It flows into the estuary of the Miramichi River, commonly called Miramichi Bay, some five miles downstream of the city of Miramichi. 
The River Ribble is a minor river running through the town of Holmfirth in Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England.
JJ Doom is an American Hip-Hop duo composed of Jneiro Jarel and MF Doom.
Hendrina is a settlement in  Nkangala District Municipality in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa. Town is 53km north-west of Ermelo, 40km west-south-west of Carolina and 53km south-east of Middelburg. 
Steinkopf is a town in  Namakwa District Municipality in the Northern Cape province of South Africa.
Centane is a settlement in Amatole District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
St Lucia is a settlement in Umkhanyakude District Municipality in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa. The small town is mainly a hub for the Greater St Lucia Wetlands Park.
José Ramiro Funes Mori (; born 5 March 1991) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a defender for La Liga club Villarreal and the Argentina national team. He plays primarily as a centre back but can also operate as a left back and defensive midfielder.
Bersujud Airport is an airport in Batu Licin, South Kalimantan, Indonesia. 
KWBC (1550 AM, 98.7 FM; "Willy 1550 & 98.7") is an American broadcast radio station, licensed to College Station, Texas and owned by Bryan Broadcasting License Corporation. It is an affiliate of the Texas State Network. The station's studios are located in College Station and its transmitter is in Bryan.
Mogwase is a town in  Bojanala District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa.
Claudio Casacci (born 1958) is an Italian space scientist and amateur astronomer, who is credited by the Minor Planet Center with the discovery of several main-belt asteroids between 1995 and 1998. He works at Thales Alenia Space in Turin, Italy.
Bahrain national under-23 football team (also known as Bahrain Under-23 or Bahrain Olympics Team) represents Bahrain in international football competitions in GCC U-23 Championship and Football at the Summer Olympics, as well as any other under-23 international football tournaments.
Uzbekfilm  is the largest and oldest film studio in Uzbekistan. It was established on July 1, 1925.
Thornliebank Football Club was a football club that existed between 1875 and 1907, based in Thornliebank, Renfrewshire, Scotland.
Eva Boto (born December 1, 1995) is a singer who represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan with Verjamem. She missed out on the grand final, finishing 17th of 18 entrants. 
Helmut Hermann W. Hofer (born February 18 or February 28, 1956) is a German-American mathematician, one of the founders of the area of symplectic topology. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, and the recipient of the 1999 Ostrowski Prize
Patroklos  or Gaidouronisi  is a small, private island located in the Saronic Gulf, Greece. It is situated about 65 km from Athens and 3 km from Sounion and is part of the Attica region. 
Xiong Dan (, reigned c. 941 BC) was the third viscount of the state of Chu during the early Zhou Dynasty of ancient China. His grandfather Xiong Yi was enfeoffed by King Cheng of Zhou and granted the hereditary noble rank of viscount. Xiong Dan succeeded his father Xiong Ai.
Andrew Wooten (born September 30, 1989) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for the Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer.
Eskilstuna Airport is an airport in Eskilstuna, Sweden. It is located 13 km east of Eskilstuna and 97 km away from Stockholm.
Coomera Australian Football Club  is an Australian rules football club based in Gold Coast, Queensland. The team currently competes in the QFA South league.
Richibucto is a town in Kent County, New Brunswick, Canada.
Team Socceroo Football Club  is a football club based in Metro Manila, Philippines. It first joined the United Football League as Team Socceroo through its second division in 2012. 
Pavel Parfeni (born 30 May 1986), known professionally as Pasha Parfeny, is a Moldovan singer and songwriter. He represented Moldova at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan, where he placed 11th with his song "Lăutar". 
Ulaanbaataryn Mazaalainuud is a Mongolian football club from Ulaanbaatar. They competed in the Mongolian Premier League however, they withdrew halfway through the 2012 season and their results were annulled.
Kim English, Jr. (born September 24, 1988) is an American former professional basketball player and current assistant basketball coach for the University of Tennessee. He played college basketball for the University of Missouri before being selected by the Detroit Pistons with the 44th overall pick in the 2012 NBA draft.
Richard Kauffmann (1887–1958) was a German-Jewish architect who migrated to Palestine in 1920. His architecture was influenced by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, a proponent of the International Style, and was applied to the local landscape, laying the architectural groundwork for the nascent State of Israel and the White City, as Tel Aviv's International Style architecture became known.
Sunamganj is the main and administrative town of Sunamganj District, Bangladesh. The municipality was formed in 1960. The town is near the River Surma.
Cameron Drew Neru Howieson (born 22 December 1994) is a New Zealand footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Auckland City FC in the New Zealand Football Championship. He has represented New Zealand in international football.
Located in the shadow of Mount Vesuvius, Herculaneum  was an ancient Roman town destroyed by volcanic pyroclastic flows in 79 AD. Its ruins are located in the "comune" of Ercolano, Campania, Italy.
Deportes Iberia is a Chilean football club based in Los Ángeles that currently plays in Primera B . The club hold its home games at Estadio Municipal de Los Ángeles which has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.
Hebei University  is a public Comprehensive University in Hebei which is directly supported by Hebei provincial government and the national government. It's located in Baoding, Hebei Province, China. 
Basler Sportclub Old Boys, commonly known as BSC Old Boys or Old Boys Basel, is a Swiss sports club based in Basel. The club is mainly known for its football but it also has track, swimming and tennis sections. 
Saint-Benin-des-Bois is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Saint-Jean-aux-Amognes is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Sermages is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Tresnay is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
It is very close to Dunkirk.
Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Senan is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
The town gives its name to a type of chicken bred in the area: the Estaires chicken.
Looberghe  is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Neuf-Berquin  is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Pitgam is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Rosult is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Villemanoche is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
The 1942 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 3, 1942 to select six Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. All six incumbents were re-elected and the composition of the state delegation remained solely Democratic.
The 1948 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 2, 1948 to select six Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. Four incumbents were re-elected, but John J. Riley of the 2nd congressional district was defeated in the Democratic primary by Hugo S. Sims, Jr. The seat remained with the Democrats along with the open seat in the 3rd congressional district and the composition of the state delegation remained solely Democratic.
Rundell & Bridge were a London firm of jewellers and goldsmiths formed by Philip Rundell (1746–1827) and John Bridge (baptized 1755–1834). 
Bornel is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. On 1 January 2016, the former communes Anserville and Fosseuse were merged into Bornel.
The Gila Mountains of Yuma County are a 26-mile (42 km) long mountain range in southwestern Arizona in the northwest Sonoran Desert.
Bellevesvre is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Bouhans is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Burzy is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
La Chapelle-au-Mans is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Charette-Varennes is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Chissey-en-Morvan is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Bailly is a commune in the Yvelines department in north-central France.
Cortambert is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Bazainville is a commune in the Yvelines department in north-central France.
Drocourt is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Cuzy is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Buc is a commune in the Yvelines department and Île-de-France region of north central France.
Feucherolles is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Loze is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Monclar-de-Quercy is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Labastide-du-Temple is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Saint-Porquier is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Verlhac-Tescou is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Montbarla  is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Dieupentale is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Marignac is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Espalais is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Villemade is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Montalet-le-Bois is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Noisy-le-Roi is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Flacey-en-Bresse is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Porcheville is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Rosny-sur-Seine is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Saint-Georges  is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Juziers is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Montmacq is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Lormaison is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Saint-Pierre-es-Champs is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Sacy-le-Petit is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Delincourt is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. 
Corbeil-Cerf is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Chevincourt is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Pronleroy is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Le Mesnil-Saint-Firmin is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Monceaux is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Lalande-en-Son is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Crouy-en-Thelle is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. 
Gournay-sur-Aronde is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Janville is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Cuts is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. 
Rhuis is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Vaudancourt is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Gannes is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. It is around 35 km south of Amiens and 80 km north of Paris.
Orvillers-Sorel is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Suzoy is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Wavignies is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Godenvillers is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Houdancourt is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Passel is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Golancourt is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Angerville-la-Martel is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Landes-Vieilles-et-Neuves is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Saint-Martin-le-Gaillard is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
La Flamengrie is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Sassetot-le-Mauconduit is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Gonneville-la-Mallet is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Vattetot-sous-Beaumont is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Yerville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Longroy is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Paluel is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Saint-Aignan-sur-Ry is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Ocqueville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Bourdainville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Bellengreville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Saint-Lambert is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Aveize is a commune of the Rhône department in eastern France.
Saint-Laurent-de-Chamousset is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Saint-Igny-de-Vers is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Saint-Pierre-de-Chandieu is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Le Tertre-Saint-Denis is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Taponas is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Joux is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Blangy-sur-Bresle is a commune in the department of Seine-Maritime in the Normandy region of northern France.
Beaumont-le-Hareng is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Blacqueville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Saint-Jean-de-Folleville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Sainte-Austreberthe is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Crasville-la-Rocquefort is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Hattenville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Rainfreville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Hodeng-au-Bosc is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region of northern France.
Vatierville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Robertot is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Flamanville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Joncy is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
The 1936 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 2, 1936, to select six Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. All five incumbents who ran were re-elected and the open seat in the 4th congressional district was retained by the Democrats. 
Palinges is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Pressy-sous-Dondin is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Le Fayel is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Grez is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Mortefontaine is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Noroy is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Roberval is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Saint-Sulpice is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Mantilly is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Landigou is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saint-Brice is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Beaufai is a commune in the Orne department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Bretoncelles is a commune in the Orne department in northwestern France.
La Motte-Fouquet is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Roiville is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Champ-Haut is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Chemilli is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Courtomer is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Hapoel Kiryat Shmona  was an Israeli football club based in Kiryat Shmona. The club played at the Ironi Stadium, and ceased to exist in 2000 when it merged with Maccabi Kiryat Shmona to form Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona.
Anould  is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Belrupt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Avranville is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Barville is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Midrevaux is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Bazien is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Moriville is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Nompatelize is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Belval is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Blevaincourt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Ollainville, Vosges is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Chantraine is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Pompierre is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Prey is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Remicourt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Deyvillers is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
La Croix-aux-Mines is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Destord is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Romont is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Laveline-du-Houx is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
KDAZ (730 kHz, "AM 730") is a commercial AM radio station in Albuquerque, New Mexico. It airs a combination of syndicated talk radio shows and Christian radio programming. 
Marly-sous-Issy is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France. The art historian Étienne Michon (1865–1939) was born in Marly-sous-Issy.
Montcenis is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Thil-sur-Arroux is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
The River Tiddy  is a small river in south-east Cornwall, the main tributary of the River Lynher. The Tiddy rises near Pensilva and flows south east past the village of Tideford until it joins the Lynher just after passing St Germans. 
Trosly-Breuil is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Avricourt is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Saint-Gervais-sur-Couches is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Liancourt is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Saint-Maurice-des-Champs is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Saint-Sernin-du-Bois is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Saint-Thibault is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Jeuxey is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Dompierre is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Saint-Nabord is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Vincey is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Ubexy is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Sevrey is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Les Ancizes-Comps is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Aulnat is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Le Syndicat is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Tollaincourt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Rocourt was merged into Tollaincourt.
Le Breuil-sur-Couze  is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Ceyrat  is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Varenne-Saint-Germain is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Varennes-sous-Dun is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Compains is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Laval-sur-Vologne is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Ennezat is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Gelles is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Verjux is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Landogne is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Malintrat is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme département in Auvergne in central France.
Meilhaud is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Lamarche is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Asques is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Fabas is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Mouillac is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
La Motte is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
La Roque-Esclapon is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Les Salles-sur-Verdon is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Availles-Limouzine is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central-western France.
Queaux is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Saint-Gervais-les-Trois-Clochers is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Gouex is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Curzay-sur-Vonne is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Monthoiron is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Archigny is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Port-de-Piles is a commune in the Vienne department and Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of western France.
Les Ormes is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Saint-Germain is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Lizant is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Bretignolles-sur-Mer is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Mouzeuil-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Saint-Cyr-en-Talmondais is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Saint-Sulpice-en-Pareds is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Saint-Maixent-sur-Vie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Saint-Paul-en-Pareds is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Talmont-Saint-Hilaire is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France. The commune was formed by the merger of the former communes of Talmont and Saint-Hilaire-de-Talmont in 1974.
Monsireigne is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Villiers is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Bourneau is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Israel Jamahl Akuhata Dagg (born 6 June 1988) is a former New Zealand rugby union player who played for the Crusaders in Super Rugby. He has also played for the New Zealand Sevens team, and represents Hawkes Bay in the ITM Cup. 
Olivier Dahan (born 26 June 1967) is a French film director and screenwriter. His third directed film, "La Vie en rose", was one of the only French cinema films to win two Academy Awards, including the first acting Oscar in the French language.
Monhoudou is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Nogent-sur-Loir is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Auvers-le-Hamon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Sceaux-sur-Huisne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Saint-Christophe-du-Jambet is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Saint-Christophe-en-Champagne is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Saint-Ulphace is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Moussac is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Robert Spence Watson (8 June 1837 – 2 March 1911) was an English solicitor, reformer, politician and writer. He became famous for pioneering labour arbitrations.
FC Feniks-Illichovets Kalinine ; ) was a Ukrainian football club based in Kalinine which is located south-west of Dzhankoy .
Hombleux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune Grécourt was merged into Hombleux.
Jumel is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
El Sahel  is an administrative region forming more than half of Shubra in Cairo, Egypt. El Sahel neighbours the River Nile to the west, Rod El Farag and Shubra  to the south, El Sharabeya to the east and is separated from Qalyubia to the north by the El Ismailia canal.
Night Island is a small granite island, with an area of 2.59 ha, is part of the Preservation Island Group, lying in eastern Bass Strait south of Cape Barren Island in the Furneaux Group, Tasmania, Australia.
Lamotte-Buleux is a commune in the Somme "département" in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Montesquieu  is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Saint-Georges is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Cures is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Montmirail is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Volnay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Dattatray Vaman Potdar (5 August 1890 – 6 October 1979), better known as Datto Vaman Potdar, was an Indian historian, writer, and orator. He was the Vice-Chancellor of University of Pune during 1961 - 1964.
Long is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
WCPR (1450 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish Variety format. It is licensed to Coamo, Puerto Rico, United States, and is owned by the Soler Prieto Family, under its licensee, Coamo Broadcasting Corp.
Key Island, with the adjacent Key Reef, is a granite island, with an area of 6 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of Tasmania’s Long Island Group, lying in eastern Bass Strait west of Cape Barren Island in the Furneaux Group.
Vairaatea is a small atoll of the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia. Geographically Vairaatea Atoll is part of the East-central subgroup of the Tuamotus, which includes Ahunui, Amanu, Fangatau, Hao and Nukutavake. 
Champfleur is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Al Hmadah Club  is a Saudi Arabian football club established in 1971. It is based in Al-Ghat.
Taka was born in 1925 in Seattle, but raised in Los Angeles, California as a Nisei; her parents had immigrated from Japan. In 1942, she was interned with her family at the Gila River War Relocation Center in Arizona.
Akher Zapheer  is a Jordanian Grunge Punk, Arabic Rock band from Amman, Jordan, formed in late 2007.
The name "Tatsumi" means "South East", and is taken from the area's direction from the Tokyo Imperial Palace.
Lola Mitchell (born August 7, 1979), better known as her stage name Gangsta Boo or Lady Boo, is an American rapper from Memphis, Tennessee. She was the first and only female member of the Memphis-based hip hop group Three 6 Mafia. 
Son Na-eun (born February 10, 1994) is a South Korean singer, songwriter, and actress. She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group Apink.
The Movement of Militant Muslims  is an Iranian Islamic socialist political group led by Habibollah Payman. The group had been revolutionary and is close to Council of Nationalist-Religious Activists of Iran.
Sardar Bukan Football Club is a Kurdish Iranian football club based in Bukan, West Azerbaijan which plays in the Iranian League 2.
The State University of Santa Cruz  is a public institution of higher education in Brazil, based in the city of Ilhéus, Bahia. Until the 1990s, was also the only university in this city.
Turning Point USA  is an American conservative nonprofit organization.
Canarian United Left  is the Canarian federation of the Spanish left wing political and social movement United Left. Ramón Trujillo is the current General Coordinator. The Communist Party of the Canaries  is the major member of the coalition.
Fateh Hyderabad Associated Football Club, also known as Fateh Hyderabad Football Club, is an Indian football club based in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. The club plays in the I-League 2nd Division.
Natalya Vassilievna Smirnitskaya (; née Dyatlova; 8 September 1927 – 2004) was a Soviet track and field athlete who competed in the javelin throw. She broke the women's javelin throw world record twice in 1949, becoming the first Soviet woman to do so and the first woman to throw beyond fifty metres for the event.
Mazarea Dina FC  is an Egyptian football club based in Cairo. It was founded under the name Ittihad Othman , and was changed to the current name in 1998.
Boeing UK or Boeing UK & Ireland  is a subsidiary of the American multinational aerospace corporation The Boeing Company that operates in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland.
The Togolese Party of Progress  was a political party in Togo.
The Beehive Social Democratic Party  is a Cambodian political party founded in 2015 by Beehive Radio journalist Mam Sonando. The party came in seventh of twenty political parties in the 2018 general election.
The NewsMuseum is a museum dedicated to news, media and communication located in Sintra, Portugal, that is opening on 25 April, 2016.
The Liechtenstein national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Liechtenstein and is controlled by the Liechtenstein Football Association. The team competes in the UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship, held every year.
University of Science, Arts and Technology  is an offshore private medical school located near Olveston, Montserrat. The university opened in 2003 with administrative headquarters in Colorado and its campus located in Montserrat. 
AFC Lancaster Lions is an American professional development soccer team based in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, which competes in the United Premier Soccer League . The team plays their home matches at Lancaster Catholic High School.
The Chin Progressive Party  is a Chin political party in Myanmar.
Alternative League for Haitian Progress and Emancipation  is a Haitian political party. The party is led by Jude Célestin, and holds four seats in the Chamber of Deputies, while holding no seat in the Senate. 
Guy Parmelin (born 9 November 1959) is a Swiss politician, member of the Swiss People's Party.
The Confederate Party was a political party in the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland.
Echo Fox is an American professional esports organization with teams in "League of Legends", "", "", "Street Fighter V", "Super Smash Bros. Melee", "Super Smash Bros. Ultimate," "Gears of War 4," "Marvel vs. Capcom 3", "Mortal Kombat X", "Tekken 7", "Dragon Ball FighterZ", "Injustice 2", and "Vainglory". The organization was founded after Rick Fox bought the League of Legends Championship Series  spot of Gravity Gaming for around 1 million. 
Club Honor y Patria was an Argentine football club sited in Bernal, Greater Buenos Aires. The institution was the first club from that city to have played in Primera División, the first level of Argentine football league system, although it lasted only one season in the division.
Tatyana Nikitichna Sevryukova (; 30 June 1917 – 1981) was a Soviet track and field athlete who competed mainly in the shot put. She was the gold medallist at the 1946 European Athletics Championships and broke the world record for the event in 1948.
Meyer Turku Oy is a Finnish shipbuilding company located in Turku, Finland Proper. The company is fully owned by German shipbuilder Meyer Werft GmbH. The main products are cruise ships and cruiseferries.
Gora Dyultydag, or simply Dyultydag , is a mountain located in Dagestan, Russia. 
The Azerbaijan national under-20 football team are a feeder team for the main Azerbaijan national football team. It was founded in 2015. 
The Darvaz Range or Darvoz Range  is a mountain range in the Western Pamirs, in Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region of Tajikistan. Its name derives from the historical region of Darvaz.
Stadionul Comunal is a multi-use stadium in Alparea, Romania. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CS Oșorhei. 
China Energy Engineering Corporation or Energy China , is a Chinese state-owned energy conglomerate, with headquarters in Chaoyang District, Beijing.
Orsomarso Sportivo Clube is a Colombian professional football team based in Palmira founded in 2016. The team currently plays in the Categoría Primera B and plays its home games at the Francisco Rivera Escobar stadium. 
Veitongo Football Club is a football club from Tonga, currently playing in the Tonga Major League, the highest level of association football competition in Tonga.
IPE Samut Sakhon United Football Club  is a Thai football club based in Samut Sakhon Province. The club participates in Thai League 4 the fourth tier of Thai football league system.The team plays their home matches at IPE Samut Sakhon Stadium.
Suzhou Dongwu Football Club  is a professional Chinese football club that currently participates in the China League Two division under licence from the Chinese Football Association . The team is based in Suzhou, Jiangsu.
Cassa di Risparmio di Asti known as Banca CR Asti or just Banca di Asti, is an Italian saving bank based in Asti, Piedmont. It serves Piedmont and Lombardy regions.
Anonymous Content is an entertainment company founded in 1999 by CEO Steve Golin. It is based in Los Angeles with its offices in Culver City and New York City.
The Austrian Film Museum  is a film archive and museum located in Vienna, Austria. It was founded by Peter Konlechner and Peter Kubelka in 1964 as a non-profit organization.
Principlists Grand Coalition  is a principlist coalition and electoral list for the Iranian legislative election, 2016.
Viola Beach were an English indie rock group, formed in Warrington, Cheshire, in 2013. The band's final line-up consisted of Kris Leonard , River Reeves , Tomas Lowe , and Jack Dakin . 
El Sharkia Sporting Club,   is an Egyptian sports club based in Zagazig, El Sharkia, Egypt. The club was founded on 12 January 1961, and is best known for its hockey and football departments.
Voetbalvereniging Amar Deep is a Surinamese football club based in the Leidingen neighborhood of Paramaribo, Suriname. The club presently compete in the Eerste Klasse, the 2nd tier of Surinamese football.
The Democratic Party  was a political party in South Korea. The party was the first truly organized liberal opposition against Syngman Rhee's Liberal Party, and is considered as the predecessor to the lineage of the South Korean liberal parties.
Near East Art Museum is a museum of art in Yerevan, Armenia. The museum was opened in 1993 and is based on a collection donated by Marcos Grigorian, painter, collector and honorary citizen of Yerevan in the memory of his daughter, actress Sabrina Grigorian, The museum shares the building with Yerevan Museum of Literature and Culture.
Al-Adalah Football Club , is a Saudi Arabian professional football club based in Al-Hulaylah, Al-Ahsa, that plays in the Saudi Professional League, the highest tier of the Saudi Arabian football league system. The club was founded in 1984.
F.C. Tzeirei Tamra  is an Israeli football club based in Tamra. The club was established in 2013, as a successor club, to Hapoel Bnei Tamra, which was dissolved in 2010.
The is a river in Tōhoku region of the northern portion of the island of Honshū in Japan. It is long and has a watershed of . 
Peachtree City MOBA is an American soccer team based in Peachtree City, Georgia, United States. Founded as a soccer academy in 2013, the team plays in USL League Two, the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid.
Hapoel Kaukab  is an Israeli football club based in Kaukab Abu al-Hija. The club is currently in Liga Bet North A division.
Bangladesh Army University of Science and Technology   is an army-backed private university in Saidpur, Bangladesh.
Ptichy Island  is a small island in the Sea of Okhotsk. 
Banca Agricola Popolare di Ragusa S.C.p.A. is an Italian cooperative bank based in Ragusa, Sicily.
The United Democratic Party  was a political party in Malaysia.
Tasman United is a football club based in Nelson, New Zealand. The club currently competes in the ISPS Handa Premiership with home games played at Trafalgar Park.
Al-Noor FC is a Saudi Arabian football  team in Sanabes, Qatif City playing at the Saudi Third Division.
Al-Qotah Club is a Saudi Arabian football  team in Ha'il playing at the Saudi Third Division.
The Kuala Pilah  is a town in Kuala Pilah District, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.
Treasure Coast Tritons, formerly North County United and South Florida Surf, is an American soccer club that plays in USL League Two.
Imperial Pacific International Holdings Limited ( is a Chinese investment holding company. It was founded with headquarters in Hong Kong and originally named First Natural Foods Holdings until it was renamed in May 2014. 
Alexander William "Alex" Gaskarth (born December 14, 1987) is an English-American singer, songwriter, guitarist, musician and actor. He is best known as the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist, and primary songwriter for the American rock band All Time Low since its formation in 2003. Alex also hosted the 2015 and 2016 Alternative Press Music Awards along with bandmate Jack Barakat.
WGUA-LP (98.1 FM), known as "Radio Católica", is a low power FM radio station broadcasting a Spanish-language Catholic radio format. Established in 2016, WGUA-LP is licensed to Lawrence, Massachusetts, broadcasting from WCRB's tower in nearby Andover. Its studios are located in Methuen.
The Scottish Libertarian Party  is a libertarian and Eurosceptic political party in Scotland.
The Portuguese Riviera  is the affluent coastal region to the west of Lisbon, Portugal, centered on the coastal cities of Cascais, Estoril, and Sintra. It is coterminous with the Estoril Coast  and occasionally known as the Costa do Sol . 
The Prince of Wales Range is a mountain range in the South West Wilderness, Tasmania, Australia.
XEBON-AM/XHBON-FM is a radio station on 1280 AM and 89.5 FM in Guadalajara, Jalisco. It is owned by Radio Fórmula and carries its news and talk programming.
Khamir  is a small city in the 'Amran Governorate of Yemen.
Signal Entertainment Group Corp. , founded in 1991, is a South Korean company specializing in the following businesses: show business, media and entertainment content, cosmetics and information technology.
Balham Football Club is a football club based in Balham, in the London Borough of Wandsworth, England. They are currently members of the and play at Colliers Wood United's Wibbandune Sports Ground in Wimbledon.
The 1926 United States House of Representatives elections in Virginia were held on November 2, 1926 to determine who will represent the Commonwealth of Virginia in the United States House of Representatives. Virginia had ten seats in the House, apportioned according to the 1920 United States Census. 
Edinburgh City Football Club was an amateur Scottish football club, which played in the Scottish Football League in the 1930s and 1940s, but went out of business in the 1950s. A new club adopted the Edinburgh City name in 1986.
Kamarang Airport is an airport serving the town of Kamarang, in the Cuyuni-Mazaruni Region of Guyana.
Orinduik Airport is an airport serving the mining community of Orinduik in the Potaro-Siparuni Region of Guyana.
Bright Armenia  is a liberal political party in Armenia founded on December 12, 2015.
Baadraan Tehran Football Club , commonly known as Baadraan, is an Iranian football club based in Tehran, that competes in the Azadegan League. The club was founded in 2015.
City of Liverpool FC is an English football club based in Liverpool. Formed in 2015, they are currently members of the Northern Premier League Division One West.
Heyi Pictures is a Chinese film production company owned by Youku Tudou.
The Little Main Restigouche River is a tributary of the head of the Restigouche River, flowing in Madawaska County, Victoria County and Restigouche County, in Northwest of New Brunswick, in Canada.
Mersin Water Museum  is a museum in Mersin, Turkey. In 2016 it was awarded by the Association of Turkish Historical Cities.
Tweedmouth Rangers Football Club is a football team in the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, England, just south of the border with Scotland.
Vardeneset Ballklubb is a Norwegian association football club from Stavanger.
El Alamein International Airport  is an international airport located in El Dabaa, Matrouh Governorate, Egypt. The airport is located at the Northern coast, west of Alexandria.
The High Country Grizzlies were a professional indoor football team that began play in the 2017 season. Based in Boone, North Carolina, the Grizzlies played their home games at the George M. Holmes Convocation Center on the campus of Appalachian State University.
Office for the Cooperation of the People with the President  was a political entity in Iran close to then-President Abolhassan Banisadr. It was an “office” "that was created out of necessity to fulfil some, if not all, of the functions of a political party".
Warner Bros. Studio Tours are a pair of public attractions owned and run by Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc..
The is a museum run by the soy sauce manufacturer Kikkoman inside its factory near Nodashi Station in Noda, Chiba, Japan.
VH1 Italia is a 24-hour music entertainment channel operated by Viacom International Media Networks Europe which launched on July 1, 2016 replacing the Italian version of MTV Music which launched on March 1, 2011 on digital terrestrial television. VH1 Italia is available free-to-air across Italy.
Silvia Di Pietro (born 6 April 1993) is an Italian swimmer. She represented her country at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
EFC Uganda Limited , also known as EFC Uganda, is a microfinance deposit-taking institution  in Uganda. It is licensed and supervised by the Bank of Uganda, the central bank and national banking regulator. 
Germania Sacra  is a long-term research project into German church history from its beginnings through the Reformation in the 16th century to the period of secularisation in the early 19th century.
The Indian Heritage Centre is a cultural centre and museum in Singapore that showcases the culture, heritage and history of Indian Singaporeans. Located at the Campbell Road thoroughfare in the Little India precinct, the centre was launched on 7 May 2015.
Association of Islamic Revolution Loyalists  is a minor conservative political group in Iran.
VH1 HD is a television channel in Latin America dedicated to music programming, owned by Viacom International Media Networks The Americas.
Club de Deportes Vallenar is a Chilean Football club, their home town is Vallenar, Chile. They currently play in the third level of Chilean football, the Segunda División.
Orfeas Xanthi F.C. is a Greek football club, based in Xanthi, Xanthi.
The International Forum of Sovereign Wealth Funds  is a nonprofit international group of sovereign wealth funds managers which was established in 2009. It is based in London, England.
The Federal Rural University of Amazonia  is a Brazilian public University located in Belem, Pará, Brazil
The Assembly of Representatives  is the lower house of the bicameral Supreme Assembly of Tajikistan. The People's Democratic Party of Tajikistan has been the dominant party in the legislature since 2000.
The San Diego History Center is a museum showcasing the history of San Diego, located in the city's Balboa Park.
The Queen Victoria Sea  is a body of water in the Arctic Ocean, stretching from northeast of Svalbard to northwest Franz Josef Land. It is obstructed by ice most of the year.
Sangareya Bay  is a bay in the coast of Guinea on the Atlantic Ocean.
The League of Supporters of Indonesian Independence  was a political party in Indonesia established by former Army head General Abdul Haris Nasution as a vehicle for the Indonesian Army to enter the realm of politics. It was influential in persuading President Sukarno to introduce Guided Democracy in Indonesia and return to the 1945 Constitution.
Al-Rasheed Sports Club  was an Iraqi sports club based in Karkh, Baghdad. Its professional football team played in the Iraqi Premier League, the top tier of the Iraqi football, from 1984 until 1990. The club's home stadium was Al-Karkh Stadium .
Elizaveta Sergeyevna "Liza" Tuktamysheva (pronounced "Took-tah-MISH-eh-va", even though in the past she insisted on pronouncing it "Took-TAH-mish-eh-va"; ; born 17 December 1996) is a Russian figure skater. She is the 2015 World champion, the 2015 European champion, the 2014–15 Grand Prix Final champion and the 2013 Russian national champion. 
Eastern Gateway Community College is a community college with one main campus in Steubenville, Ohio, as well as a campus located in Youngstown.
Rafael Cabrera Mustelier Airport or Rafael Cabrera Airport  is an airport serving Nueva Gerona, the capital city of the Isla de la Juventud special municipality in Cuba.
Sipe Sipe is a location in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia. It is the seat of the Sipe Sipe Municipality, the second municipal section of the Quillacollo Province.
Concordia "Comodoro Pierrestegui" Airport  , also known as Concordia Airport, is a domestic airport serving Concordia, Entre Ríos, Argentina. It is located north of the city.
Matla River forms a wide estuary in and around the Sundarbans in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Football Club AGMK  – is a professional football club based in Almalyk , Uzbekistan. Participant of the Uzbekistan Super League.
The Party for the Economic Development of Abkhazia  is an opposition party in Abkhazia led by businessman Beslan Butba.
Morrissey Boulevard is a six-lane divided coastal road in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. It is owned and maintained by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation .
The Sea of Sardinia is a body of water in the Mediterranean Sea between the Spanish archipelago of Balearic Islands and the Italian island of Sardinia.
Inger Jacobsen (13 October 1923 in Oslo – 21 July 1996 in Oslo) was a Norwegian singer and actress, known internationally for her participation in the 1962 Eurovision Song Contest.
Egidijus Klumbys (born 2 September 1952) is a Lithuanian politician. In 1990 he was among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
The Social Democracy Party  of Turkey was one of the two main parties of Turkey in early 1980s but later on merged with the People's Party to form the Social Democratic Populist Party  in 1985.
Organ Thieves is a southern and soul-influenced experimental hard rock side project by Brown Brigade guitarists Chuck Coles and Dave Baksh, formed by Coles in mid-2008. It has since become their main project.
The Tweed Range is a mountain range which is the western extension of the Tweed Volcano caldera rim, part of the Scenic Rim of the Great Dividing Range, located in northern New South Wales, near the southeastern border of Queensland, in Australia. 
Sony Digital Audio Disc Corporation  is a manufacturer of CDs, DVDs, UMDs, and Blu-ray Discs. The company has many plants worldwide. 
Daniel Abt (born 3 December 1992) is a German racing driver. He has competed in such series as the German Formula Three Championship, the GP3 Series, the GP2 Series, and won the 2009 ADAC Formel Masters championship. 
Museum Bredius is a museum named after Abraham Bredius on the Lange Vijverberg in The Hague. It is remarkable for its collection of etchings and paintings, but is most attractive to visitors for its accurate restoration of the 18th-century "Herenhuis" interior with period furnishings.
Maria Amalia of Saxony (26 September 1757 – 20 April 1831) was a Duchess consort of Zweibrücken by her 1774 marriage to Charles II August, Duke of Zweibrücken.
Princess Bona of Savoy-Genoa, later Princess Bona of Bavaria (Maria Bona Margherita Albertina Vittoria; 1 August 1896 – 2 February 1971), was a daughter of Prince Thomas, Duke of Genoa and Princess Isabella of Bavaria.
Ousmane Coulibaly (born 9 July 1989) is a French-born Malian professional football player. Currently, he plays in the Superleague Greece for Panathinaikos as well as the Mali national football team. 
Larissa-Antonia Marolt (born 10 July 1992 in Klagenfurt) is an Austrian fashion model and actress. She was the winner of the first cycle of "Austria's Next Topmodel". 
Leandro Jones Johan Bacuna (born 21 August 1991) is a professional footballer who plays for club Cardiff City as a midfielder and right back. Bacuna was capped 20 times at youth levels for the Netherlands and also represented the Netherlands Antilles at youth level. Bacuna represents the Curaçao national team, the successor side to the Netherlands Antilles, and won the 2017 Caribbean Cup with the side in July 2017.
Arjan Singh Air Base is an airport serving the city of Panagarh, in the state of West Bengal in India. It also serves as an Indian Air Force base and the Headquarters of Eastern Air Command of Indian Air Force.
Bluesiana Triangle is an album by Art Blakey, as well as the name of the short-lived American jazz, blues and funk group that recorded it, consisting of Blakey , Dr. John  and David "Fathead" Newman . 
Grupo Desportivo de Lam Pak  is a Macau football club, which plays in the town of Macau. They play in the Macau's first division, the Campeonato da 1ª Divisão do Futebol.
Curramulka is a town in the Australian state of South Australia on the Yorke Peninsula. Curramulka is within easy driving distance of the coastal resort towns of Port Victoria and Port Vincent and is north-east of Minlaton. At the , Curramulka had a population of 305.
The Pandaruan River  is an international river on the island of Borneo. The river mouth is on Brunei Bay.
Nong Prue Stadium  or formally Nongprue Municipality Stadium is a stadium in Pattaya, Chonburi, Thailand. The stadium was opened in 1999 and holds a capacity of 5,500 spectators is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of Pattaya United of the Thai League 1.
Engelbert Humperdinck (; 1 September 1854 – 27 September 1921) was a German composer, best known for his opera "Hansel and Gretel".
Phrae Airport is an airport serving Phrae, a town in the Phrae Province of Thailand.
Future and Freedom , whose full name was Future and Freedom for Italy , was a political party in Italy, comprising both liberal and national elements.
Erwin Schwab (born 1964) is a German amateur astronomer and discoverer of minor planets, who works at the GSI Helmholtz Centre for Heavy Ion Research, near Darmstadt, Germany. He has discovered and co-discovered more than 80 asteroids from the Starkenburg , Tzec Maun and Taunus observatories .
The College Lands were a tract of land in the Northwest Territory, later Ohio, that the Congress donated for the support of a university. Ohio University became the first college northwest of the Ohio River as a beneficiary of this tract.
The Ernst Barlach House – Hermann F. Reemtsma Foundation  is an art museum in Hamburg, Germany, devoted to the Expressionist artist Ernst Barlach.
Petrus Johannes Blok (10 January 1855, in Den Helder – 24 October 1929, in Leiden) was a Dutch historian.
Lynx Rocks is a group of rocks in southwestern Hero Bay on the north side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The area was visited by early 19th century sealers operating from nearby Blythe Bay.
Hetty Rock is the largest of several rocks in Walker Bay off John Beach in western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
The Democratic Party  is a political party in Myanmar , founded in 1988. It was formally registered in May 2010, with its headquarters in Pazundaung Township, Yangon.
Geac Computer Corporation, Ltd  was a producer of enterprise resource planning, performance management, and industry specific software based in Markham, Ontario. It was acquired by Golden Gate Capital's Infor unit in March 2006 for US$1 billion.
Sohag Sporting Club , is an Egyptian football club based in Sohag, Egypt. The club is currently playing in the Egyptian Second Division, the second-highest league in the Egyptian football league system.
Fujian Benz Automotive Co., Ltd., formerly Fujian Daimler Automotive Co., Ltd., is a light commercial vehicle manufacturing company based in Fúzhōu, and a joint venture between the German Daimler AG, the Chinese state-owned Fujian Motors Group and the Taiwanese China Motor Corporation.
Henfield Rock is an offshore rock lying northwest of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It was known to the early 19th century sealers operating from nearby Clothier Harbour, and sometimes included under the name 'Powels Islands' or 'Heywood Islands'.
Obudu Plateau is a plateau found on the Oshie Ridge of the Sankwala Mountain range, in Cross River State, in the southeast of Nigeria. The plateau is found in Obanliku local government area of the Cross river state. The plateau extends towards Nigeria's south eastern border.
Exploits Valley Air Services, also known as EVAS or EVAS Air, is a Canadian aviation services company, based in Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador.
MainConcept GmbH is a software company founded in Germany by Markus Moenig and Thomas Zabel. They specialize in developing video/audio codecs and also applications and plug-ins related to video/audio encoding. 
N.V. Nuon Energy is a utility company that provides electricity, gas, and heat in the Netherlands, Belgium, and the United Kingdom. It belongs to the group of Vattenfall.
Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows  was an American post-hardcore supergroup, formed in 2010. They released their debut self-titled album on February 22, 2011.
The Berckelman River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.
Akia Island  is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. The name of the island means ""turned on its side"" in the Greenlandic language.
Montorio is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, north-central Spain. According to the 2009 data from INE, the municipality has a population of 200 inhabitants.
Molly Huddle (born August 31, 1984) is an American long-distance runner who competes in track and cross country running events. Huddle set the American record in the 5000 m at the 2014 Herculis Diamond League meet in Fontvieille, Monaco (14:42.64), which has since been broken by Shannon Rowbury and Shelby Houlihan. 
The Dynamo Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Stavropol, Russia . It is used as the stadium of FC Dynamo Stavropol matches. The capacity of the stadium is 15,589 spectators.
The SEED Foundation  is a 501(3) organization, established in 1997 to provide boarding school college-preparatory educational opportunities to underserved students.
Skybridge AirOps was an airline based in Ciampino, Rome, Italy. Its main base was Perugia Airport. It operated Summer flights from Perugia and Parma to Olbia.
Evgeny Sergeyevich Voronov (, born May 7, 1986) is a Russian professional basketball player for Zenit Saint Petersburg of the VTB United League. He is also a member of the Russian national basketball team. He is 1.93 m (6 ft 4 in) in height and plays as a shooting guard.
Sergio Bueno Rodríguez (born July 4, 1962) is a Mexican football manager for Atlante in Ascenso MX.
Gema is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2009 census , the municipality has a population of 257 inhabitants. It is located 14 km southwest of Zamora city.
Inyankuni River is a river in Zimbabwe.
Parseh Tehran Football Club  was an Iranian football club based in Tehran, Iran. They last competed in the Azadegan League. Their home stadium was Kargaran Stadium with a capacity of 5,000 people.
The Museum of Musical Instruments of the University of Leipzig  is a museum in Leipzig, Germany. It is located on Johannisplatz, near the city centre. The museum belongs to the University of Leipzig and is also part of the Grassi Museum, whose other members are the Museum of Ethnography and the Museum of Applied Arts.
Timilersua Island  is a small, uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
The National Restoration Party  is a political party in Zambia.
Wim E. Crusio (born Wilhelmus Elisabeth Crusio on December 20, 1954) is a Dutch behavioral neurogeneticist and a "directeur de recherche"  with the French National Centre for Scientific Research in Talence, France.
Banding Island  is an artificial island within Lake Temenggor, Perak, Malaysia.
The Midwestern Canadian Shield forests ecoregion, in the Taiga and Boreal forests Biome, are of northern Canada.
Dolores Airport, locally known as Picardo Airport, is an abandoned airport located in Dolores, Eastern Samar. It was built as a military airfield for joint United States and Philippine Commonwealth military forces during World War II, alongside Guiuan Airport.
Jimena is a city the Province of Jaén, Andalusia, Spain, with 1489 inhabitants according to the National Statistics Institute of Spain in 2007.
Horse Head Island  is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
The Elliott River is a perennial river of the Corangamite catchment, located in The Otways region of the Australian state of Victoria.
Glentana is a village on the Indian Ocean coast to the southwest of George in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Port Beaufort is a settlement in Garden Route District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
The Maine State Museum is the official Maine government's museum and is located at 230 State Street, adjacent to the Maine State House, in Augusta. It collections focus on the state's pre-history, history, and natural science.
Son Si-hyun (Hangul: 손시헌; born October 19, 1980 in Seoul) is a South Korean shortstop for the NC Dinos in the KBO League. He bats and throws right-handed.
Carl Boese (; 26 August 1887 – 6 July 1958) was a German film director, screenwriter and producer. He directed 158 films between 1917 and 1957.
Krasnoyarsk Railway  is a subsidiary of the Russian Railways headquartered in Krasnoyarsk and serving the south of Siberia.
Cape Breton is a headland located at the eastern extremity of Cape Breton Island in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The Darby River, a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment, is located in the South Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
The Mueller River is a perennial river with no defined major catchment, located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
Gunter Philipp (8 June 1918 – 2 October 2003) was an Austrian film actor, physician and swimmer.
Kingdom of Vientiane was formed in 1707 as a result of the split of the Kingdom of Lan Xang. The kingdom was a Burmese vassal from 1765 to 1778. 
FC Gute, previously named "Visby IF Gute", is a Swedish football club located in Visby on the island of Gotland. They currently play in the fourth-tier league Division 2 Södra Svealand.
Smedby AIS is a Swedish football club located in Norrköping.
White Stag is an in-store brand of women's clothing and accessories sold by Walmart. Founded as a skiwear manufacturer in Portland, Oregon, the company was purchased by the Warnaco Group in 1966, which in turn sold the brand to Wal-Mart in 2003.
August Franz Ludwig Maria, Baron von Haxthausen-Abbenburg (February 3, 1792, in Bökendorf, Prince-Bishopric of Paderborn – December 31, 1866, in Hanover) was a German agricultural scientist, economist, lawyer, writer, and collector of folk songs, best known for his account of conditions in Russia as revealed by his 1843 visit.
The Howqua River, a minor inland perennial river of the Goulburn Broken catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria. The headwaters of the Howqua River rise below Mount Howitt in the western slopes of the Victorian Alps, and descend to flow into the Goulburn River within Lake Eildon.
Guillermo "Billy" Ford Boyd (November 11, 1936 – March 19, 2011) was the Second Vice President of Panama. He was one of the running mates of presidential candidate Guillermo Endara during the 1989 Panamanian election campaign. 
The Kenya Army is the land arm of the Kenya Defence Forces.
The Yea River, an inland perennial river of the Goulburn Broken catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the lower South Eastern Highlands bioregion and Northern Country/North Central regions of the Australian state of Victoria.
Inish Turk Beg  is a private island in Clew Bay, County Mayo on the west coast of Ireland. Between 2003 and 2013, it was owned by Nadim Sadek, an Irish-Egyptian marketing entrepreneur. 
The Albert Spencer Wilcox Building, was originally a library and then converted to the Kauai Museum, which displays exhibits on the history of the island of Kauai in Hawaii.
Shelagh Delaney, FRSL (; 25 November 1938 – 20 November 2011) was an English dramatist and screenwriter, best known for her debut work, "A Taste of Honey" (1958).
The Catalan Mediterranean System, also known as Mediterranean System, Transversal Ibero-Pyrenaean System, and Catalanid System, is a wide coastal geographical region in Catalonia. It is made up of a double system of coastal mountain chains: The Catalan Coastal Range and the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range, as well as the Catalan Coastal Depression and other coastal and pre-coastal plains located among those mountain ranges.
Lindome GIF is a Swedish football club located in Lindome in Mölndal Municipality, Västra Götaland County.
Mackenzie Christine Foy (born November 10, 2000) is an American actress. She is best known as Renesmee Cullen in the 2012 film "", which earned her a Young Artist Award nomination as Best Supporting Young Actress in a Feature Film, as the young Murphy in the 2014 space epic "Interstellar", for which she received critical acclaim, a Saturn Award for Best Performance by a Younger Actor, and several other awards nominations, and as Clara in Disney’s "The Nutcracker and the Four Realms".
Yuliya Ratkevich (; Łacinka: Julija Mikałajeŭna Ratkievič; born 16 July 1985) is an Azerbaijani female wrestler. She is the 2012 Olympic bronze medalist in women's freestyle 55 kg. 
Danilo Luiz da Silva (born 15 July 1991), known simply as Danilo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right or left-back for English club Manchester City and the Brazil national team.
The Lithuania national under-19 football team represents Lithuania in international football at the under-19 age level and is controlled by the Lithuanian Football Federation.
Nunaa Island is an island of Greenland. It is located in Baffin Bay in the Upernavik Archipelago.
Chang Sang (born 3 October 1939) became the first female Prime Minister of South Korea when President Kim Dae-jung reshuffled his cabinet in 2002.
Thomas William Fraser-Holmes (born 9 October 1991) is an Australian swimmer who made his international debut in 2010. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
Assyriska United IK is a Swedish football club located in Södertälje.
The Asian Institute of Maritime Studies  is a merchant marine college in Pasay City, Philippines that provides highly technical learning in terms of maritime education. It is one of the top performing maritime schools in the Philippines. 
Aksyon Radyo U.S. Newsbureau is a defunct Cebu City AM station and current internet radio station owned by Manila Broadcasting Company. The station's studio is located at Garden Grove, California.
hit102.5 Mt Isa (ACMA callsign: 4MIC) is an Australian commercial radio station in Queensland. Owned and operated as part of Southern Cross Austereo's Hit Network, it broadcasts a contemporary hit radio format to Mount Isa and Cloncurry, Queensland. 
The Ilots du Mouillage are three small islands in New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France.
Augusta Bay is a bay of the Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada, located at coordinates
The Ivorian national under-21 football team represents Ivory Coast in international under-21 tournaments.
Giorgia Meloni (born 15 January 1977) is an Italian politician and journalist, leader of Brothers of Italy, a national conservative party in Italy. Meloni served also as Minister of Youth in Silvio Berlusconi's fourth government and president of Young Italy, the youth section of The People of Freedom.
Duke Louis of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (; 6 August 172512 September 1778) was heir to the Dukedom of Mecklenburg-Schwerin from 1756 to his death. He was also the father of the first Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin Frederick Francis I
Indian Arrows  is an Indian football club located in Bhubaneswar, that competes in the I-League. The club was formed with the main goal of nurturing young Indian football talents. 
Duchess Therese Wilhelmine Olga Friederike of Oldenburg (30 March 1852 – 19 April 1883) was the youngest daughter of Duke Peter Georgievich of Oldenburg and his wife Princess Therese of Nassau-Weilburg.
Skegness Town Association Football Club is an English association football club based in the town of Skegness, Lincolnshire. The club currently competes in the , after being promoted from the Lincolnshire League at the end of the 2017-18 season.
Jacobus Antonius Peter Johannes "Jasper" Cillessen (; born 22 April 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Spanish club Valencia and the Netherlands national team. 
iArchives, Inc., formerly Automated Solutions, Inc., is an Internet company based in Lindon, Utah, United States. iArchives was acquired on by Ancestry.com, Inc..
Ad. Dili Leste or Associação Desportiva Dili Leste is a football club of East Timor from Dili. The team plays in the Taça Digicel.
Fernande Olivier (born Amélie Lang; 6 June 1881 – 26 January 1966) was a French artist and model known primarily for having been the model of painter Pablo Picasso, and for her written accounts of her relationship with him. Picasso painted over 60 portraits of Olivier.
Conny Karlsson (born 21 November 1953 in Oskarshamn) is a Swedish football manager who currently is coaching the women's team of Stattena IF.
Ponghwasan Sports Club  is a North Korean organization of physical education specialty with several departments. Football is the most popular department in this organization.
Collins Point is a small but prominent headland west-south-west of Fildes Point, on the south side of Port Foster, Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It was charted by a British expedition under Foster, 1828–31. 
Songgato River  is a river in northern Western Papua, Papua province, Indonesia. It is a tributary of the Taritatu River. 
Tamiang River is a river in the province of Aceh, northern Sumatra, Indonesia, about 1500 km northwest of the capital Jakarta.
Merangin River is a river in Jambi province, Sumatra island, Indonesia, about 600 km northwest of the capital Jakarta.
Canet lo Roig  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community, Spain.
The Ecker is a , right-hand, southeast tributary of the Oker which runs mainly through the Harz mountains in the German states of Saxony-Anhalt and Lower Saxony.
China Nonferrous Metal Mining  Co., Ltd.  is a Chinese corporation involved with the mining of non-ferrous mineral resources.
Max Eckert (after 1934, Max Eckert-Greifendorff: 10 April 1868 in Chemnitz, Kingdom of Saxony – 26 December 1938, in Aachen) was a German geographer.
ATN News is a 24-hour news television channel in Bangladesh. It is a sister channel of ATN Bangla, another Bangladesh satellite TV channel.
Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi (‘Abdrabbuh Manṣūr Hādī;   ; born 1 September 1945) is a Yemeni politician and former Field Marshal of the Yemeni Armed Forces. He has been the President of Yemen since 27 February 2012, and was Vice President from 1994 to 2012.
Corinella is a town in Victoria, Australia, located 114 km south-east of Melbourne via the M1 and the Bass Highway, on the eastern shore of Western Port. The town serves as a holiday destination, with a focus on recreational fishing, and has a pier and boat ramp. 
The Dachstein Mountains  are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps.
Pygery is a town in South Australia on the Eyre Peninsula and on the Eyre Highway, north-west of the state capital, Adelaide. The town is part of the Wudinna District Council local government area. 
Kunchala Voravichitchaikul (; born 14 November 1984) is an internationally elite badminton player from Thailand. She competed at the 2006, 2010 and 2014 Asian Games.
The Uzbekistan national U-23 football team represents Uzbekistan in international U-23, U-22 football competitions. It is controlled by the Uzbekistan Football Federation and is a member of the Asian Football Confederation.
Bergson Gustavo Silveira da Silva (born 9 February 1991), simply known as Bergson, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Ceará.
The Pearl Rocks are a group of rocks covering an area by close off the west coast of Tower Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica. The name was given by Falkland Islands and Dependencies Aerial Survey Expedition  (1955–57) and is descriptive of the numerous snow-covered rocks in the group.
Gibbon Bay is a bay long and wide, entered between Rayner Point and The Turret along the east coast of Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica. The bay was first seen in December 1821 by Captain George Powell and Captain Nathaniel Palmer, but was more accurately delineated on a 1912 chart by Captain Petter Sorlle. 
Ikililou Dhoinine (born 14 August 1962) is a Comorian politician who was the President of the Comoros from 2011 to 2016; he was a Vice-President of Comoros from 2006 to 2011.
San Pedro Seadogs is a Belizean football team which currently competes in the Premier League of Belize of the Football Federation of Belize.
Anne Bacon (née Cooke; 1527 or 1528 – 27 August 1610) was an English lady and scholar. She made a lasting contribution to English religious literature with her translation from Latin of John Jewel's "Apologie of the Anglican Church" (1564). She was the mother of Francis Bacon.
Raymond S. "Jerry" Apodaca (born October 3, 1934) served as the 24th governor of New Mexico.
The McShane Bell Foundry, located in Glen Burnie, Maryland, is a maker of church bells. Over the past 150 years, the firm has produced over 300,000 bells.
Linda Staines (née Keough, born 28 December 1963) is a former British track and field athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres. She represented Great Britain at the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul in both the 400 metres and 4 x 400 metres relay, and won a bronze medal in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 1993 World Championships. 
WHAG is an oldies formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Halfway, Maryland, serving Hagerstown, Maryland and Washington County, Maryland. WHAG is owned and operated by Alpha Media. WHAG simulcasts sister AM station WCHA.
Wittes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Wierre-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Wailly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Bournonville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
WAVW (92.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country format. Licensed to Stuart, Florida, the station is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..
KGHT (100.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio music format. Licensed to El Jebel, Colorado, United States, it serves the Aspen area. 
Aubigny-la-Ronce is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.
Ancey is a French commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.
Ruoms is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Beauchastel is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southern France.
Alissas is a French commune in the Ardèche department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southern France.
Ucel is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Dornas is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France. This town is located 6 miles from Cheylard, 25 miles from Aubenas, and 29 miles from Privas.
KQSC (1530 AM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast from Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States, with a daytime power of 15,000 watts, and can be heard by day from the outskirts of Denver to the state's border with New Mexico.
KMGJ (93.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio format. Licensed to Grand Junction, Colorado, United States, it serves the Grand Junction area. The station is owned by MBC Grand Broadcasting.
The Royal People Party  is a populist political party in Thailand.
The Baie de Quiberon is an area of sheltered water on the south coast of Brittany. The bay is in the Morbihan département.
Anton Cargnelli (1 February 1889 - 27 June 1974) most commonly known as Tony Cargnelli, was an Austrian football player and manager from Vienna.
The "Union for Relief"" ") is a political party of Benin. In the parliamentary election held on 31 March 2007, the party won three out of 83 seats.
WSOL (1090 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish Variety format. Licensed to San Germán, Puerto Rico, United States, it serves the western Puerto Rico area. 
John Doukas Palaiologos (, 1225/30 – 1274) was a Byzantine aristocrat, brother to Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos (r. 1259–1282), who served as the commander-in-chief of the Byzantine army. He played a prominent part in his brother's military campaigns, most notably in the crucial victory at the Battle of Pelagonia, but also in repeated campaigns against Epirus and against the Turks in Asia Minor. 
Ballet Society is a non-profit educational institution founded in 1946 by Lincoln Kirstein and George Balanchine. At its founding, Balanchine was the Artistic Director and Kirstein served as the Secretary. 
La Mure is a commune in the Isère département in southeastern France.
The Democratic Socialist Unionist Party  is a political party in Syria. It was part of the National Progressive Front of legally licensed parties which support the socialist and Arab nationalist orientation of the government and accept the leadership of the Ba'ath Party. 
The Las Vegas Art Museum  closed in 2009. It was formerly located in a building shared with the Sahara West Library branch of the Las Vegas-Clark County Library District in Las Vegas, NV. 
The Royal Cambodian Army  is a part of the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces. It has ground forces which numbered 85,000 divided into eleven divisions of infantry, with integrated armour and artillery support. The Royal Army is under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of National Defence.
Sherbrooke Street  is a major east-west artery and at in length, is the second longest street on the Island of Montreal. The street begins in the town of Montreal West and ends on the extreme tip of the island in Pointe-aux-Trembles, intersecting Gouin Boulevard and joining up with Notre-Dame Street. East of Cavendish Boulevard this road is part of Quebec Route 138.
Velvett Fogg were a British psychedelic rock band. Tony Iommi was a member in mid-1968, but soon left to form Black Sabbath. 
The Itaipava Arena Fonte Nova, also known as Complexo Esportivo Cultural Professor Octávio Mangabeira, is a football-specific stadium located in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil, and has a maximum capacity of 48,000 people. The stadium was built in place of the older Estádio Fonte Nova.
Bay Bridge Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located in Stevensville, Maryland. The airport is named for the nearby Chesapeake Bay Bridge and is mostly used for general aviation.
The Abolition of Income Tax and Usury Party was a South African political party founded in 1994.
The Party for Solidarity and Progress  is a political party in Mali. In the 1 July and 22 July 2007 Malian parliamentary elections, the party won 2 out of 160 seats. 
Carlos Augusto Zambrano Ochandarte (born 10 July 1989) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a defender for Basel on loan from Ukrainian club Dynamo Kyiv and the Peru national team. He is known for his strong tackling and excellent defensive capabilities.
Transaction Publishers was a New Jersey–based publishing house that specialized in social science books. It was located on the Livingston Campus of Rutgers University. 
KLXD (89.5 FM) is a K-LOVE affiliate station licensed to Victorville, California, and serving the Victor Valley area.
Corporate Accountability  is a non-profit organization, founded in 1977. Their campaign headquarters are in Boston, Massachusetts and they have offices in Oakland, California, Seattle, Washington, and Bogotá, Colombia. 
WNJS-FM (88.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Berlin, New Jersey. The station is owned by WHYY, Inc., and simulcasts the public radio news and talk programming of WHYY-FM in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Sanjaagiin Bayar  (born March 4, 1956) is a Mongolian politician who was General Secretary of the Mongolian People's Party from 22 November 2007 to 8 April 2009, and Prime Minister of Mongolia from 22 November 2007 to 29 October 2009. He announced on 26 October 2009, that he was going to resign his position as Prime Minister due to health reasons. He was replaced by Sükhbaataryn Batbold on 29 October 2009.
WJQS (1400 AM, "The Fan") is a sports talk radio station in Jackson, Mississippi, owned by Alpha Media through licensee Alpha Media Licensee LLC. Along with five other sister stations, its studios are located in Ridgeland, a suburb of Jackson, while the transmitter tower is in Jackson just north of downtown.
WCCV FM 91.7  is a radio station licensed to serve the city of Cartersville, Georgia. It is owned by and is the flagship station of Immanuel Broadcasting Network, also based in Cartersville. 
Bisou  is a German girl group founded by rapper Bushido.
KNSE (90.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Austin, Minnesota, serving the Austin/Albert Lea area. The station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio , and airs MPR's "News and Information" network, originating from KNOW in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
WMLS (88.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Grand Marais, Minnesota. The station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio , and airs MPR's "Classical Music Network", originating from KSJN in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
Páll Óskar Hjálmtýsson (born 16 March 1970), known internationally as Páll Óskar and Paul Oscar, is an Icelandic pop singer, songwriter and disc jockey. He had a musical childhood, singing at private functions, with choirs and for media advertisements, but was affected by bullying in school and tension between his parents at home. 
Castillo de Villamalefa is a municipality of Spain in the Valencian Community, in the province of Castellón. It has a population of 104 (2005) and an area of 37.7 km².
The Royal Cambodian Navy  is the naval warfare service branch of the Armed Forces of Cambodia and one of the three uniformed services of the Kingdom of Cambodia. It has an estimated of 4,000 active personnel and operates 228 boats/ships in active service. 
Lokomotiv Ruse is a Bulgarian football club founded in 1930. It was disbanded in 2002 due to financial difficulties. 
KOSY (790 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel format. Licensed to Texarkana, Arkansas, United States, it serves the Texarkana area. The station is owned by Townsquare Media.
The Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers  is a trade association based in Sherman Oaks, California that represents over 350 American television and film production companies in collective bargaining negotiations with entertainment industry trade unions that include, among others, SAG-AFTRA, the Directors Guild of America, the Writers Guild of America, West, the Writers Guild of America, East, the American Federation of Musicians, and the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees.
Tullio Pinelli (24 June 1908 – 7 March 2009) was an Italian screenwriter best known for his work on the Federico Fellini classics "I Vitelloni", "La Strada", "La Dolce Vita" and "8½".
The Bird Rock, part of the Waterhouse Island Group, is an uninhabited granite islet situated in Banks Strait, part of Bass Strait, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania, Australia. 
Aljazeera Zuwara  is a Libyan football club based in Zuwara, Libya. They play their home games at Zuwara Stadium.
Kang Ji-hwan (born Jo Tae-gyu on March 20, 1977) is a South Korean actor. He began his career in musical theatre, and has since starred in television dramas such as "Be Strong, Geum-soon!" (2005), "Capital Scandal" (2007), and "Hong Gil-dong" (2008), as well as the films "Rough Cut" (2008) and "My Girlfriend Is an Agent" (2009).
xDISCIPLEx A.D. was a straight edge Christian hardcore band from Erie, PA. 
Central Partnership  is a Russian film distribution and production company founded in 1995. The distributor was acquired by Russian gas company Gazprom in 2014.
Giuseppe Olmo (22 November 1911 – 5 March 1992) was an Italian road bicycle racer. He competed at the 1932 Olympics and won a gold medal in the team road race, placing fourth individually. 
KRAY-FM (103.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to Salinas, California, United States, it serves the Santa Cruz area. 
The Party of Pensioners of Ukraine  is a political party in Ukraine registered in November 1999.
KZNB (1490 AM) is a radio station that broadcasts in a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to Petaluma, California, it serves the Santa Rosa area. 
KFSO-FM (92.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish adult hits format. Licensed to Visalia, California, United States, it serves the Fresno/Visalia/Tulare area. 
KVLI (1140 AM) is a commercial radio station that is licensed to Lake Isabella, California, United States. The station, a 1,000-watt daytimer, is owned by Craig and Patricia Lutz, through licensee Alta Sierra Broadcasting LLC, and broadcasts a news/talk format. 
The Institute of Hotel Management, Catering Technology and Applied Nutrition, Mumbai, generally known as IHM Mumbai, is a hospitality management school located in Mumbai, India.
Adambathia Larsen "Adam" Kwarasey (born 12 December 1987) is a professional footballer who plays for Norwegian club Vålerenga as a goalkeeper.
Coastal Carolina Community College is a public community college in Jacksonville, North Carolina. Roughly eight thousand students are enrolled at the institution. It is also a satellite school of the University of North Carolina at Wilmington.
KPUB (91.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Flagstaff, Arizona, United States, it serves the Flagstaff area. The station is currently owned by Northern Arizona University and features programming from National Public Radio and Public Radio International.
The Comeragh Mountains  are a glaciated mountain range situated in the south east of Ireland in County Waterford. They are located between the towns of Carrick-on-Suir and Clonmel on the County Tipperary border and the villages of Kilrossanty and Kilmacthomas in County Waterford.
WCGO (1590 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a talk format, with Korean Christian programming weekday mornings and early afternoons. Licensed to Evanston, Illinois, United States, it serves the Chicago area. 
WNPV (1440 AM) is a radio station owned by WNPV, Inc. and licensed to Lansdale, Pennsylvania, United States. It serves Montgomery, Bucks and Philadelphia Counties, broadcasting a News/Talk format.
The West Lyn is a river in England which rises high in Exmoor, Somerset, and joins the East Lyn at Lynmouth in Devon.
WDCY (1520 kHz) is an AM radio station broadcasting a Christian talk and teaching radio format. Licensed to Douglasville, Georgia, it serves the Atlanta metro area. 
WPUC-FM (88.9 FM) is a noncommercial educational radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Ponce, Puerto Rico, it serves the southern Puerto Rico area. The station is owned by Pontifical Catholic University of Puerto Rico Service Association, Incorporated.
WNRT (96.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Manati, Puerto Rico, it serves the northern Puerto Rico area. 
WYKO (880 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish Variety format. It is licensed to Sabana Grande, Puerto Rico, United States, and it serves the Puerto Rico area. 
Jhasmani Campos Dávalos (born 10 May 1988 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a Bolivian football midfielder.
Christina of Saxony (b. Torgau, 25 December 1461 – d. Odense, 8 December 1521), was Queen consort of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. She was born a granddaughter of Frederick the Gentle of Saxony, and daughter of Ernest, Elector of Saxony and Elisabeth of Bavaria. She was the grandmother of Christina of Denmark through her son Christian II.
WPRD (1440 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish Variety format. Licensed to Winter Park, Florida, United States, WPRD is owned and operated by J & V Communications, Inc.
Josias de la Cruz (born March 19, 1987), professionally known as Nely "El Arma Secreta", is a reggaeton producer, introduced in the genre by Luny Tunes.
Taisun Khan  (1416–1453) was a Khagan of the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia. He was enthroned as Khagan of the Great Yuan. 
The Bavarian State Painting Collections , based in Munich, oversees the collections of artworks held by the Free State of Bavaria. Works include paintings, sculpture, prints, photographs, video art and installation art. 
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Cynthia 1920 is an Italian association football club located in Genzano di Roma, Lazio. It currently plays in Serie D.
KBLQ-FM (92.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Logan, Utah, United States, it serves the Logan area. 
Alash Autonomy  was a Kazakh state that existed between December 13, 1917, and 1918, on, approximately, the territory of the present-day Republic of Kazakhstan. The capital city was Semey, then known as "Alash-qala".
The Socialist Democratic Vanguard Party   is a political party in Morocco.
The New Generation Party is a political party in Papua New Guinea.
Industrial Press, Inc., is a privately held corporation headquartered in South Norwalk, Connecticut. Its primary areas of business are publishing technical books for engineering, technology, and manufacturing.
Hans Van Alphen (born 12 January 1982 in Turnhout) is a Belgian decathlete.
Tiit Sokk (born November 15, 1964) is a retired Estonian professional basketball player and the current coach of the Estonian national basketball team. Often cited as one of the very best European point guards of his generation, he is widely recognised as the greatest Estonian basketball player in history. 
The Northern Triangle temperate forests is a temperate broadleaf and mixed forest ecoregion of thick forest covering the mountains of northern Myanmar.
KDRW (88.7 MHz) is a non-commercial FM radio station licensed to and serving Santa Barbara, California. The station is owned by Santa Monica College and serves as a repeater of KCRW and its public radio format. 
SC Cham 1910 is a Swiss football team currently playing in the third tier of the Swiss football pyramid. They are based in Cham and were founded in 1910.
WBST (92.1 FM) is a National Public Radio-affiliated station in Muncie, Indiana. Studios and offices are located at Ball State University. 
WSCL (89.5 FM) is a National Public Radio member station in Salisbury, Maryland, owned by Salisbury University. The station also broadcasts in Ocean City on WSDL 90.7 FM.
KSGU (90.3 FM) is a radio station located in Saint George, Utah, and is a part of the Nevada Public Radio network. The station broadcasts an all-news format, broadcasting with a 2,000 watt transmitter. The station services southwest Utah, western Arizona and adjoining areas of Clark County and Lincoln County, Nevada.
Arlay is a commune in the Jura department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Saint-Germain-lès-Arlay was merged into Arlay.
The Haardt is a range of wooded, sandstone hills in the state of Rhineland Palatinate in southwestern Germany. The range is some long and lies within the Palatinate Forest . Its highest point is the Kalmit, near Maikammer, which stands above sea level.
The Union for Progress  is a political party in the Republic of the Congo. In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5, 2007, the party won 2 out of 137 seats. 
Saint Altfrid  (died 15 August 874) was a leading figure in Germany in the ninth century. A Benedictine monk, he became Bishop of Hildesheim, and founded Essen Abbey. 
WABN is an oldies and classic hits-formatted non-commercial radio station licensed to Abingdon, Virginia. The station's signal serves the towns of Abingdon, Lebanon, both in Virginia, and the twin cities of Bristol in Virginia and in Tennessee. 
Gilford Island is an island in British Columbia, Canada, located between Tribune Channel and Knight Inlet. The island has an area of . Turnour Island is to the south across Tribune Channel, the entrance to Thompson Sound to the east.
KRSD (88.1 FM), is a National Public Radio-affiliated radio station in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. The station is currently owned by Minnesota Public Radio and features programming from its Classical Music service. 
Lesley Hunt (born 29 May 1950) is a former tennis player from Perth, Western Australia.
Balzan Football Club is a Maltese football club from the village of Balzan, which currently plays in the Maltese Premier League. The Club was founded in 1937 and has played top-level football since 2010.
Contrevoz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Mdina Knights F.C. is an association football club representing Malta's former capital city, Mdina, currently playing in the Maltese Third Division. The club is arguably the smallest club in Malta and represents a city of approximately 250 residents.
Courtes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Montracol is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Kirkop United Football Club is a Maltese football club based in Ħal Kirkop, Malta. The club currently plays in the Maltese Third Division. 
Phokeng is a town in Rustenburg of the North West province of South Africa. It is the capital of the Royal Bafokeng Nation. Historically, it was known as "Magatostad" among white South Africans.
Mark Edward Lenzi (July 4, 1968 – April 9, 2012) was an American Olympic diver and diving coach. Lenzi was known for his Olympic gold medal in the 1992 Olympic Games, and his Olympic bronze medal in the 1996 Olympic Games on the 3 m springboard.
Chemical Automatics Design Bureau , also KB Khimavtomatika , is a Russian design bureau founded by the NKAP  in 1941 and led by Semyon Kosberg until his death in 1965. Its origin dates back to a 1940 Moscow carburetor factory, evacuated to Berdsk in 1941, and then relocated to Voronezh city in 1945, where it now operates. 
Bracha Lichtenberg Ettinger  is an Israeli-born French artist, painter and theorist. As visual artist she has mainly produced paintings, drawings, notebooks and photography. She is also a philosopher, psychoanalyst and writer.
Sebeta is a town Located in the Oromia Special Zone Surrounding Finfinne of the Oromia Region. This town has a latitude and longitude of and an elevation of 2,356 meters (7,730 feet) above sea level.
Moose Blood is an English emo band based in Canterbury, Kent. They formed in 2012 and are signed to Hopeless Records.
Konus Island is an island in Shelikhov Bay, Sea of Okhotsk. 
Maccabi Kiryat Ekron Football Club  is an Israeli football club based in Kiryat Ekron. The club plays in Liga Gimel, the fifth tier of the Israeli football league system.
Candelario is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.
The Long Museum  is a private art museum in Shanghai, China, founded by Liu Yiqian and his wife Wang Wei. The museum has two locations in Shanghai: the Long Museum Pudong and Long Museum West Bund.
Villoruela is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.
The Union for Progress and Reform  is a political party in Burkina Faso. The party describes itself as non-ideological.
La Zarza is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain.
Computer and Information Science  at the University of Oregon is a leading computer science department established in 1970. It has been consistently ranked among the top 100 computer science programs over the decades. 
Lekki is a city in Lagos State, Nigeria. It is located to the east of Lagos city. 
Eduardo Fabini (Solís de Mataojo, 18 May 1882 - 17 May 1950) was a Uruguayan composer and musician.
Penn State Law, located in University Park, Pennsylvania, is one of two separately accredited law schools of the Pennsylvania State University. Penn State Law offers J.D., LL.M., and S.J.D. degrees. 
Capital Public Radio is the public radio service of California State University, Sacramento. It consists of two full-power stations and five repeaters, all members of National Public Radio. It is the NPR member for Sacramento and much of the surrounding area, including Stockton and Modesto.
Maccabi Ahi Iksal  is an Israeli football club based in Iksal. The club is currently in Liga Bet North B division.
Pesquera is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain. 
The Cullinga Creek, a mostlyperennial river that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia. 
Us with Salvini  is a populist political party in Italy, whose main campaign themes are Euroscepticism and a strong stance against illegal immigration. The party, founded by Matteo Salvini on 19 December 2014, is the sister party of Lega Nord  for southern Italy, Lazio, and Sardinia .
Narrabundah Ballpark  is a 2,250 capacity baseball complex in the south-central Canberra suburb of Narrabundah, ACT, Australia. It was redeveloped in 2010 for use by the Canberra Cavalry of the Australian Baseball League . 
Vadim Glowna (26 September 1941 – 24 January 2012) was a German actor and film director. Since 1964 he appeared in more than 150 films and television shows.
2LT is an Australian AM radio station serving the Lithgow region of New South Wales. It was opened in July 1939.
The Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology  is the largest and most prominent research institute in Vietnam. It was founded in 1975 as the Vietnam Academy of Science, and renamed the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology  in 2008. Its infrastructure spans Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Hải Phòng, Nha Trang, Đà Lạt, and Huế.
FAW Haima Automobile Co., Ltd., trading as Haima, is a Chinese automotive manufacturing company based in Haikou, Hainan and a subsidiary of FAW Group. Its principal activity is production of passenger cars for other companies.
Tartar Island is a small (13 ha), ice-free, oval-shaped island long, lying north-west of Round Point, off the north coast of King George Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee  in 1960 for the sealing vessel "Tartar"  from London, which visited the South Shetland Islands in 1821-22.
Kidneythieves is an American industrial rock band, founded in 1998, led by Free Dominguez  and Bruce Somers .
Lamarck Island is a rocky island long, lying east of Petrel Island and north-east of Rostand Island in the Géologie Archipelago, off the Adélie Coast of Antarctica. It was charted in 1951 by the French Antarctic Expedition and named by them after Jean-Baptiste Lamarck, the French naturalist.
Mountainland Technical College  is a public technical college in Lehi, Utah with additional campuses in Orem and Spanish Fork. MTECH also offers courses in cooperation with Utah Valley University at UVU's Wasatch campus in Heber.
The United Left Alliance  was an electoral alliance of left-wing political parties and independent politicians in the Republic of Ireland, formed to contest the 2011 general election. The grouping originally consisted of three existing political parties, the Socialist Party, the People Before Profit Alliance , and the Workers and Unemployed Action Group , as well as former members of the Labour Party.
Dalziel Park Stadium was a football stadium located at Airbles Street and Glencairn Street in Motherwell, North Lanarkshire, that hosted the home matches of Motherwell, formed after a merger between Alpha and Glencairn. The first official match at the stadium was a 3–3 draw against Rangers. 
The 1822 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held from November 4 to 6, 1822, to elect 34 U.S. Representatives to represent the State of New York in the United States House of Representatives of the 18th United States Congress.
Alizava  is a town in Panevėžys County, in central-eastern Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 344 people.
Liudvinavas  is a small town in Marijampolė County, in southwestern Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 966 people.
The Ethnographic Museum of Transylvania  is situated in Cluj-Napoca, Romania. With a history of almost 100 years, the "Ethnographic Museum of Transylvania" is one of the first and greatest of its kind in Romania. 
John VIII, Count of Nassau-Siegen ("Jan" or "Johan"; Dillenburg, 29 September 1583 – Ronse, 27 July 1638) was a German nobleman and militarist of the 17th century.
The Selke is a river of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
WYBK (89.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Chattanooga, Tennessee, United States, the station serves the Chattanooga area and south-central Tennessee. The station is currently owned by the Bible Broadcasting Network.
Ravan Baku FK  is an Azerbaijani football club, based in Baku, that plays in the Azerbaijan First Division.
The Lindenau-Museum is an art museum in Altenburg, Thuringia, Germany. It originated as the house-museum of baron and collector Bernhard August von Lindenau. The building was completed in 1876.
Eleonore Juliane of Brandenburg-Ansbach (23 October 1663 – 4 March 1724) was a princess of Brandenburg-Ansbach and through her marriage duchess of Württemberg-Winnental.
Anthony Arie Hyman (born 27 May 1962) FRS is a British scientist and professor at the Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics.
RSI Rete Due is the second Italian-language radio station from Radiotelevisione svizzera di lingua italiana . It was launched in 1985.
Sephu Gewog  of Wangdue Phodrang District, Bhutan.
WSA Winnipeg is a Canadian soccer team based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Founded in 2010, the team plays in USL League Two, the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid.
The South Fork Kings River is a tributary of the Kings River in the Sierra Nevada of Fresno County, California. The river forms part of Kings Canyon, the namesake of Kings Canyon National Park and one of the deepest canyons in North America with a maximum relief of from rim to river.
Liu Cixin (; born 23 June 1963) is a Chinese science fiction writer. He is a nine-time winner of the Galaxy Award , winner of the 2015 Hugo Award  and the 2017 Locus Award  as well as a nominee for the Nebula Award. 
The Independent Liberal Party  is a Serbian political party in Kosovo. The chairman of the party is Slobodan Petrović.
The Israel national under-17 football team represents Israel in association football at the under-17 youth level, and is controlled by the Israel Football Association.
Jixi Xingkaihu Airport is an airport serving Jixi, a city in Heilongjiang Province, China. It is located 18 kilometers from the city center in Jidong County near the Russian border, and is named after Khanka Lake . 
WAMC is a public radio station licensed to Albany, New York and owned by WAMC, Inc. The station broadcasts at 1400 kHz with 1 kW unlimited, and is an AM repeater of WAMC-FM.
Nizami Street  is a large pedestrian and shopping street in downtown Baku, Azerbaijan, named after classical poet Nizami Ganjavi.
David Edward Plummer (born October 9, 1985) is a retired American competition swimmer who specialized in backstroke events. He won bronze and gold medals at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Club de Fútbol Inter Playa del Carmen is Mexican football club that plays in the Liga Premier. The club is based in Playa del Carmen, Quintana Roo.
Feyse Tadese Boru (born 19 November 1988) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in the half marathon.
Megalonisi  is an uninhabited islet off the southern coast of the Greek island of Crete in the Libyan Sea that hosts a lighthouse. The islet is in a bay between the capes of Lithino and Kefalas, at Kommos, and close to Gortyn which was the ancient capital of Crete. It is administered within Heraklion regional unit.
Andrew Simon Feldman, Baron Feldman of Elstree, (born 25 February 1966) is a British barrister, businessman and Conservative fundraiser and politician.
The Mangfall is a river of Upper Bavaria, Germany. The Mangfall is the outflow of the Tegernsee lake and discharges in Rosenheim from the left into the Inn. It is long.
Anna Troberg (born 9 April 1974 in Landskrona) is a translator, author, and former party leader of the Swedish Pirate Party. 
Balasun is one of the main rivers of North Bengal and Darjeeling Districts. 
Clube Esportivo Lajeadense, commonly known as Lajeadense, is a Brazilian football club from Lajeado, Rio Grande do Sul state.
Philippa Charlotte Middleton (born 6 September 1983) is an English socialite, author, and columnist. The younger sister of the Duchess of Cambridge, she began receiving media attention with her appearance as the maid of honour at her sister's wedding to Prince William.
Agia Varvara  is a small islet off the northern coast of the Greek island of Crete in the Aegean Sea. It is a short distance from the islet of Afentis Christos at Malia. The islet is administered from Malia in Heraklion regional unit.
FC Mecklenburg Schwerin is a German football club based in Schwerin, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
Steidl is a German-language publisher, an international publisher of photobooks, and a printing company, based in Göttingen, Germany. It was started in 1968 by Gerhard Steidl and is still run by him.
Annegret Strauch (born 1 December 1968 in Radebeul) is a German rower.
Sharon Van Etten (born February 26, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter and actress from New Jersey.
St. George Regional Airport is a city-owned airport six miles southeast of St. George, in Washington County, Utah.
Konida , is an uninhabited Greek islet, in the Libyan Sea, close to the eastern coast of Crete. Administratively it lies within the Ierapetra municipality of Lasithi.
Peter Thiede (born 13 February 1968 in Ueckermünde, Bezirk Neubrandenburg) is a German rowing cox.
Charlie Elliot Wildlife Center is a nature preserve located near Mansfield, Georgia, United States. Named after Charles Newton Elliott (1906–2000), the nature preserve has of forests, lakes, and fields, which are managed by Georgia Department of Natural Resources. 
Afyon Kocatepe University is a state university in Afyonkarahisar, Turkey. It was established on July 3, 1992.
Bernd Heidicker (born 5 April 1978 in Recklinghausen) is a German rower.
Viktor de Kowa (also spelled Victor de Kowa, born Victor Paul Karl Kowalczyk; 8 March 1904 – 8 April 1973) was a German stage and film actor, chanson singer, director, narrator and comic poet.
Sungai Penuh  is a city in Indonesia, in Jambi province, on the island of Sumatra. It is an enclave within Kerinci Regency, of which it was formerly part but from which it is now administratively separate. 
The ETAS Group is a German company which designs solutions and tools for the development of embedded systems for the automotive industry and other sectors of the embedded industry.
Narsinghgarh State is a former princely state of the British Raj in India. It formed an enclave within Rajgarh State and was placed administratively under the Bhopal Agency subdivision of the Central India Agency. 
Quincy Matthew Hanley (born October 26, 1986), better known by his stage name ScHoolboy Q, is an American rapper and songwriter based in South Central Los Angeles, California. In 2009, Hanley signed to Carson-based independent record label Top Dawg Entertainment  and in late 2011, secured a recording contract with major label Interscope Records. 
Arroyo Club Polideportivo is a Spanish football club based in Arroyo de la Luz, in the autonomous community of Extremadura. Founded in 1968 it plays in Tercera División – Group 14, holding home games at "Estadio Municipal", with a 1,300-seat capacity.
Lazaretta , also called Lazaretto , is an uninhabited island close to the northern coast of Crete in the Aegean Sea. It is located near the city of Chania and administratively, it is within the municipality of Chania, in Chania regional unit.
Mohamed Abdallah Ahmed nicknamed Mazda, is a Sudanese football coach, former player and the former manager of the national side. Abdallah was in charge at the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations, guiding them to the quarterfinals of the tournament.
Ryhope Colliery Welfare Football Club are a semi-professional association football club based in Ryhope, Sunderland, in England. They play in the Northern League.
Tierz is a municipality in the province of Huesca, Spain. As of 2010, it has a population of 691 inhabitants.
Djedneferre Dedumose II was a native Ancient Egyptian pharaoh during the Second Intermediate Period. According to egyptologists Kim Ryholt and Darrell Baker, he was a ruler of the Theban 16th Dynasty. Alternatively, Jürgen von Beckerath, Thomas Schneider and Detlef Franke see him as a king of the 13th Dynasty.
Scaddan is a small town in Western Australia located east of Perth situated just off the Coolgardie-Esperance Highway between Norseman and Esperance in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Golden Ridge is an abandoned town in Western Australia located east of Perth just off the Mount Monger Road in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Anne Caroline Jenkin, Baroness Jenkin of Kennington (born 8 December 1955) is a Conservative member of the House of Lords.
All Pigs Must Die is an American metalcore supergroup consisting of Kevin Baker of The Hope Conspiracy, Ben Koller of Converge, and Adam Wentworth and Matt Woods of Bloodhorse. All Pigs Must Die is signed to Nonbeliever Records, an imprint label of Shirts & Destroy.
Han Kook-young (; or ; born April 19, 1990 in Seoul) is a South Korean football player.
Robert Emmet Barron (born November 19, 1959) is an American prelate of the Catholic Church serving as auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles. He is the founder of the Catholic ministerial organization Word on Fire, and was the host of the TV series "CATHOLICISM", an award-winning documentary about the Catholic faith, which aired on PBS. 
Kiki Bertens (; born 10 December 1991) is a Dutch tennis player who turned professional in 2009. Her highest WTA singles ranking is No. 
Josh Abbott Band is a Texas country band originally from Lubbock, composed of Josh Abbott , Austin Davis , Preston Wait , Edward Villanueva , Caleb Keeter , David Fralin , and Jimmy Hartman .
TCU Financial Group is a credit union with a head office in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan and locations in Regina, Saskatchewan, and at the end of 2015 was the 46th largest credit union in Canada. TCU Financial Group has 5 branches in Saskatchewan. 
The La Jolla Historical Society is a private 501(3) nonprofit organization, in La Jolla, San Diego County, California, that is committed to the discovery, collection and preservation of La Jolla’s heritage through collections, programs and advocacy.
The Battle for the Bell is an American college football rivalry game between the University of Southern Mississippi Golden Eagles and Tulane University Green Wave football teams. The two schools are located about 110 miles from each other  via Interstate 10 and Interstate 59, making for a heated game. 
Nizhny Novgorod Stadium  is a football stadium in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia. It was one of the venues for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. It has a capacity of 44,899 spectators.
National University of Study and Research in Law  is a law university located in Ranchi, Jharkhand, India. It was established by a legislative act, by the State of Jharkhand (Act no. 4 of 2010) as the fourteenth National Law University of India.
NEFF GmbH is a German manufacturer of high-end kitchen appliances headquartered in Munich, Germany. The company was founded by Carl Andreas Neff in 1877 and has been a wholly owned subsidiary of BSH Hausgeräte GmbH since 1982.
The Sustainable Endowments Institute  is a nonprofit organization based in the United States that is engaged in research and education to advance sustainability in operations and endowment practices. Founded in 2005, SEI is a special project of Rockefeller Philanthropy Advisors. SEI is located in Boston, Massachusetts.
Gildava  was a Dacian town.
The Jamaica U-17 men's national soccer team is the national under-17 association football team of Jamaica and is controlled by the Jamaica Football Federation. The highest level of competition in which the team may compete is in the FIFA U-17 World Cup, which is held every two years.
Bears Park is a baseball stadium in Icheon, South Korea. The stadium is used by the farm team of the Doosan Bears.
The Shaheed Zulfikar Ali Bhutto Institute of Science and Technology  is a private institute with multiple campuses in the residential and commercial areas of Pakistan and United Arab Emirates. Its main campus is located in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
Astravyets  is a city in the Grodno Region of Belarus, an administrative center of the Astravyets District.
The Center for Scientific Research and Higher Education at Ensenada  is a public research center sponsored by the National Council for Science and Technology of Mexico  in the city of Ensenada, Baja California, and specialized in Earth Sciences, Oceanography and Applied Physics.
Vincent Perez (born 10 June 1964) is a Swiss actor, director and photographer. He is best known internationally for playing the title character, Ashe Corven, in "", and for starring in "Queen of the Damned", playing Marius de Romanus. Some of his notable films in French cinema include "Cyrano de Bergerac", "Le Bossu", "La Reine Margot" and "Indochine".
Gebze Technical University , formerly known as Gebze Institute of Technology , is one of two institutes of technology founded in Turkey; The other one is İzmir Institute of Technology. It is a university for undergraduate and graduate studies and research activities located in a specifically selected area in Gebze, one of the most industrialized regions of the Marmara Region.
James Henry Carleton (December 27, 1814 – January 7, 1873) was an officer in the U.S. Army and a Union general during the American Civil War. Carleton is best known as an Indian fighter in the southwestern United States.
The United People Alliance  was an electoral and political coalition between the Portuguese Communist Party  and the Portuguese Democratic Movement . After 1983, the Ecologist Party "The Greens" also joined.
The Tanzania Railways Corporation  is a state-owned enterprise that runs one of Tanzania's two main railway networks.
The Festetics Quartet  are a string quartet from Budapest, Hungary.
The Dead 60s were an English ska punk band from Liverpool. The band's sound is a mixture of punk rock, ska, dub and reggae. They have taken influences from artists such as King Tubby, Jackie Mittoo, Gang of Four and A Certain Ratio.
14th Street is a major crosstown street in the New York City borough of Manhattan. In the earlier history of New York City 14th Street was an upscale location, but it lost its glamor and status as the city grew northward. 
The New York University Graduate School of Arts and Science  is a school within New York University  founded in 1886 by Henry Mitchell MacCracken, establishing NYU as the second academic institution in the United States to grant Ph.D. degrees on academic performance and examination. The School is housed in the Silver Center, several departments have their own buildings and houses around Washington Square. 
The North Shore, in the context of geography of the Island of Oahu, refers to the north-facing coastal area of Oahu between Kaena Point and Kahuku. The largest settlement is Haleiwa. 
Abu Ya`qub Yusuf or Yusuf I ( "Abū Ya‘qūb Yūsuf"; 1135 – 14 October 1184) was the second Almohad "Amir" or caliph. He reigned from 1163 until 1184 in Marrakesh. He had the Giralda in Seville built as well as Koutoubia in Marrakesh and Hassan Tower in Rabat.
Newmains United Football Club are a Scottish junior football club based in the village of Newmains, near the towns of Wishaw and Motherwell. They play their home games at Victoria Park. 
Clayton State University is a public university in Morrow, Georgia, serving Metro Atlanta, and is a selective Senior Unit of the University System of Georgia.
Sembawang Rangers Football Club was a football club in Singapore, based in Yishun. The club was also referred to among supporters as the "Stallions".
'"Avira Operations GmbH & Co. KG is a German multinational security software" company mainly known for their antivirus software "Avira Internet Security".
Saint-Cyr-Montmalin is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Sapois is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
The South West Isle, part of the Kent Group, is an unpopulated granite island, located in the Bass Strait, lying off the north-east coast of Tasmania, between the Furneaux Group and Wilsons Promontory in Victoria, Australia.
The Black Mountains of northwest Arizona are an extensive, mostly linear, north-south 75-mile (121 km) long mountain range. It forms the north-south border of southwest Mohave County as it borders the eastern shore of the south-flowing Colorado River from Hoover Dam.
Bats is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Bougue is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Callen is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Classun is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Gastes is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Josse is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Lesperon is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.
Mant is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.
Narrosse  is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Onesse-Laharie (before 2013: "Onesse-et-Laharie") is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Pissos is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.
Saint-Aubin is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Saint-Martin-de-Seignanx  is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Saubion is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Vert is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Averdon is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Bracieux is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Choussy is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Cour-sur-Loire is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Gy-en-Sologne is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Loreux is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Maves is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Les Montils is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Vitrey-sur-Mance is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Oisly is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Rougeou is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Saint-Loup is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Sassay is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Trôo is a commune of the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Villeporcher is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Aveizieux is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Les Bordes is a commune in the Indre département in central France.
Boyer is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Chambles is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Changy is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Colombier is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Rozier-en-Donzy is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Sainte-Agathe-en-Donzy is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Fourneaux is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Haon-le-Vieux is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Laurent-Rochefort is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Romain-la-Motte is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Palogneux is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Nandax is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Montrond-les-Bains is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Jean-Bonnefonds is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Valfleury is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Roisey is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Villers is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Aigrefeuille-sur-Maine is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Blain is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Sainte-Reine-de-Bretagne  is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
La Chapelle-des-Marais is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.La Chapelle-des-Marais is located 25 km north of Saint-Nazaire, 42 km south of Redon, 57 km east of Vannes and 67 km west of Nantes. The neighboring municipalities of La Chapelle-des-Marais are Herbignac, Saint-Joachim, Sainte-Reine-de-Bretagne and Missillac.
Missillac  is a commune located in the department of Loire-Atlantique in western France.
Saint-Colomban is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Cordemais is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Le Pellerin is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Nozay is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Sautron is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique "département" in western France.
La Marne is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Vay is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Ouzouer-sous-Bellegarde is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Nancray-sur-Rimarde is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Beauchamps-sur-Huillard is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Boismorand is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Boynes is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Chaussy is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France in the Centre-Val de Loire region.
Saint-Maurice-sur-Aveyron is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Huisseau-sur-Mauves is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Estouy is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Vitry-aux-Loges is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Sennely is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France. Sennely was carefully studied by Professor Bouchard and the subject of a chapter in "After the Black Death."
Santeau is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Saint-Hilaire-Saint-Mesmin is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Courcelles-le-Roi (before 2018: "Courcelles") is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Villamblain is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Lombreuil is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Ousson-sur-Loire is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Belmont-Bretenoux is a commune in the Lot department in southwestern France.
Montgesty is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Durbans is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Saint-Pierre-Toirac is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Girac is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Vaylats is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Lissac-et-Mouret is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
James Metcalfe Campbell Bower (born 22 November 1988) is an English actor, singer, and model. He is best known for his roles as Anthony Hope in "", Caius in "The Twilight Saga", King Arthur in the Starz series "Camelot", the young Gellert Grindelwald in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" and "", Jace Wayland in "" and playwright Kit Marlowe in the short-lived series "Will".
Lugagnac is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Rudelle is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Strenquels is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Dommartin-la-Montagne is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Brossay is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
Cheffes is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department of western France.
La Lande-Chasles is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
La Romagne is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
Soulaire-et-Bourg is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
Guyencourt-Saulcourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Brillevast is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in northwestern France.
Ricky Ford (born March 4, 1954) is an American jazz tenor saxophonist.
Pierrefeu-du-Var is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Mazaugues is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Comps-sur-Artuby is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Carqueiranne is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Lonlay-le-Tesson is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Fresnay-le-Samson is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Moulins-la-Marche is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saint-Agnan-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saint-Ellier-les-Bois is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saint-Quentin-les-Chardonnets is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saint-Hilaire-sur-Risle is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saint-Pierre-des-Loges is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Giel-Courteilles is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Montrabot is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Rauville-la-Place is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy France. It is located just to the northeast of Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte. In 2007 the population was 391.
Saint-Michel-de-Montjoie is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Saint-Jean-de-la-Haize is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Saint-Martin-de-Varreville is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Saint-Pierre-de-Semilly is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Aua is an island in the Bismarck Archipelago. It is part of the Western Islands, region and Manus Province of northern Papua New Guinea.
The Faier River  is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Transylvania, Romania. It discharges into the Mureș near Ditrău. Its name is from Hungarian and means "“White Creek”".
Lamothe is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.
WFAI (1510 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Salem, New Jersey, and serving South Jersey and Northern Delaware, including the Wilmington radio market. It broadcasting an urban contemporary gospel radio format. 
Cornelis Felix van Maanen (September 9, 1769 – February 14, 1849) was a Dutch minister and jurist.
Tri-County Community College, founded in 1964, is a community college located in the westernmost tip of 
Jullouville is a commune in the Manche department in north-western France.
La Luzerne is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Montaigu-la-Brisette is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
La Mouche is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Ozeville is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Rampan is a commune in the Manche department in north-western France.
Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Hancourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Sourdeval is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Vengeons was merged into Sourdeval.
Turqueville is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Villiers-Fossard is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Allemanche-Launay-et-Soyer is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
Aubilly is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
WDLA-FM (92.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Walton, New York, United States, the station is owned by Townsquare Media.
WOXR (90.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classical music format. Licensed to Schuyler Falls, New York, United States, the station is currently owned by Vermont Public Radio as the flagship station of the VPR Classical network.
Millersburg is a town in Clinton and Benton townships, Elkhart County, Indiana, United States. The population was 903 at the 2010 census.
Haale is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Martin Johnsrud Sundby (born 26 September 1984) is a Norwegian cross-country skier who has competed since 2003. He is the silver medalist of the 2010 Winter Olympics in the team relay and the bronze medalist of the 2014 Winter Olympics in the 30 km skiathlon. In 2014, he became the first Norwegian to win the Tour de Ski.
La Fontenelle is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Estivareilles is a minor commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Joseph is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Beaunay is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
Billy-le-Grand is a commune of the Marne department in northeastern France.
Branscourt is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
Tronchetto  is an artificial island in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy, located at the westernmost tip of the main Venice island. 
Champigneul-Champagne is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Charmont is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Cherville is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Connantre is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Courcemain is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Cuchery is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Drosnay is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Fontaine-en-Dormois is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Givry-en-Argonne is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Heiltz-le-Maurupt is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Jonchery-sur-Suippe is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Livry-Louvercy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Marfaux is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Merfy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Montmort-Lucy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Nesle-la-Reposte is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Orconte is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Pogny is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Remicourt is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Saint-Hilaire-au-Temple is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Saint-Memmie is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Saint-Saturnin is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Serzy-et-Prin is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Taissy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Trigny is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France. It is more commonly known as Bonsoir.
Vauclerc is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Vienne-la-Ville is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Villers-Franqueux is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Vraux is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
The Oudon River has its source in the commune.
Rignac is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
The river Madon flows through the commune.
The village lies on the left bank of the Rupt de Mad, which flows northeastward through the north-western part of the commune.
Moineville is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
The river Madon flows through the commune.
Shchuchye  is a town and the administrative center of Shchuchansky District in Kurgan Oblast, Russia, located on Lake Shchuchye, west of Kurgan, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
The river Othain forms part of the commune's north-eastern border.
Ornes is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. The village is one of the nine French villages destroyed in the First World War and one of six that was never rebuilt. 
Les Roises is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The river Othain forms part of the commune's north-eastern border.
Basse-Ham  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Bousse  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Enchenberg  is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.
Fonteny  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. It is famous for being the worlds largest exporter of adult toys.
Guerting  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Hartzviller  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Hunting  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Kirviller  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The Cabeza Prieta Mountains are a mountain range in the northwestern Sonoran Desert of southwest Arizona. It is located in southern Yuma County, Arizona.
Ley  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Macheren  is a commune in the Moselle department in the Lorraine region of north-eastern France.
Metting  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Montbronn  is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.
Charmoy is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Chevannes is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Oberdorff  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Oron  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Crain is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Beaupuy is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Montpezat d'Agenais is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Taillebourg is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Durance is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
The Gila Mountains of Graham County are a mountain range in central-east Arizona. It borders the Gila River and Gila Valley on the valley's northeast in north-central Graham County; also the San Carlos Indian Reservation. The mountain range sits on the southern perimeter of the White Mountains and is located in the southeast area of Arizona's transition zone.
Sermaise is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
Gland is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Poilley is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Lavau is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Rosbruck  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Scy-Chazelles  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. The town is built on Mont St. Quentin near Metz.
Spicheren  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Situated from Metz, Vigy lies on the border of Germany and Luxembourg. The village of Vigy is located in a sector recognized for its landscape qualities. 
Alligny-en-Morvan is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Cernon is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Billy-Chevannes is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Courville is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Simone Ehivet Gbagbo (born 20 June 1949) is an Ivorian politician. She is the President of the Parliamentary Group of the Ivorian Popular Front  and is a Vice-President of the FPI. 
Saint-Vrain is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
La Pellerine is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
Challuy is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Chevenon is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Dampierre-sous-Bouhy is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Epiry is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Gien-sur-Cure is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Langeron is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Magny-Lormes is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Montenoison is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Myennes is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Pannes is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Champrond is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Courgains is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
La Guierche is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Mayet is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Terrehault is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Pouzol is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
KKCK (94.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Springfield, Minnesota serving the Marshall and Redwood Falls areas. The station is owned by John Linder and operated from the KMHL/KKCK studios in Marshall.
Cailloux-sur-Fontaines is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.
Frontenas is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Lozanne is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Mions is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France. The residents of the city are called "Miolands" and "Miolandes".
Dompierre-sur-Yon is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
The House of Chaumet , founded in 1780, is a high-end jeweller based in Paris.
Gorkha Janmukti Morcha  is a registered unrecognized political party which campaigns for the creation of a separate state Gorkhaland within India, out of districts in the north of West Bengal. The party was launched on 7 October 2007.
Saint-Genis-Laval is a commune in the metropolis of Lyon in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
Belloy-en-France is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Chaumontel is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Frouville is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Sathonay-Camp is a commune in the Lyon Metropolis , eastern France. With a population of 4,123 in 2012, it serves as the south terminal of the LGV Sud-Est.
Mareil-en-France is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Montsoult is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Omerville  is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department and Île-de-France region of France. It is located in the .
Chanaz is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Cruet is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Gerbaix is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Marthod is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Novalaise is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Rochefort is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Vienne-en-Arthies is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Cognin is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Beaurepaire is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Boissay is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Canouville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Critot is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Grand-Couronne is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Moulineaux is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Saint-Aubin-sur-Scie is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Ellecourt is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
La Fontelaye is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Froberville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Grainville-sur-Ry is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Le Hanouard is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Illois is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Luneray is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Varneville-Bretteville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Puyvalador  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Turretot is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Marquixanes is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Jujols  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Escaro  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Monchaux-Soreng is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Campoussy is a commune located in the Pyrénées-Orientales department, in southern France.
Baillestavy  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Roumare is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Les Landes-Genusson is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Lacommande is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Lasseubetat is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department and Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Lurbe-Saint-Christau is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Bedous is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France. It is the birthplace of Pierre Laclède, the Frenchman who founded the U.S. city of St. Louis.
Bosdarros is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Carresse-Cassaber is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Coublucq  is a commune to the north of Béarn in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Estialescq is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Miossens-Lanusse  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department and Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Narp is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Georges Peyroche (born January 27, 1937) is a French football player and manager.
Valeriya Mammadova (née Korotenko, ; ; born 29 January 1984) is an Azerbaijani professional volleyball player. She is currently playing for Azerrail Baku.
Maximilian Alexander Chilton (born 21 April 1991) is a British racing driver currently racing for Carlin Motorsport in the IndyCar Series. Prior to IndyCar, he competed in Formula One, driving for Marussia F1 in 2013 and 2014. In 2012, he raced in the GP2 series for Marussia-backed Carlin Motorsport.
Alban is a commune of the Tarn department in southern France.
Les Cabannes is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France. It has 368 inhabitants in 2013.
Laboutarie is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
The Cérou river flows into the Aveyron River in the commune, 1.4 km north to the village itself.
Palleville is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
The commune is traversed by the river Dadou.
Motutunga Atoll is an atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia. It is located 17 km to the east of Tahanea Atoll.
Yvrencheux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Liomer is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
STI West Negros University  is a private university located in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental, Philippines. 
Saigneville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Saint-Quentin-en-Tourmont  is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France, on the French coast, in northern France.
Machy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Marlers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Oisemont is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Montigny-les-Jongleurs is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Naours is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Villers-Carbonnel is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Vauchelles-les-Quesnoy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Villers-Bocage is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Poix-de-Picardie  is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Pont-Noyelles is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Vraignes-en-Vermandois is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Talmas is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Roiglise is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Rainneville is a commune in the Somme department of Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Rollot is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Suzanne is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Mamlyutka  is a town (till 1969 — village), that is the administrative center of Mamlyut District, North Kazakhstan Region, Kazakhstan.
Ahunui or Nga-taumanga is a small atoll of the eastern Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia. It is located 55 km SSE of Paraoa Atoll and 120 km WSW of Vairaatea.
Messe Stuttgart is an exhibition and trade fair centre next to Stuttgart Airport, 7 miles south of Stuttgart, Germany. It is the ninth biggest trade fair in Germany.
Llavallol is a district of Lomas de Zamora Partido in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It forms part of the Greater Buenos Aires urban conurbation.
Pacora is a town and corregimiento in Panamá District, Panamá Province, Panama located after Tocumen International Airport
The Ungureni is a right tributary of the river Geamărtălui in Romania. It flows into the Geamărtălui near Băleasa.
Sedan is a rural town in South Australia. It is located about 100 kilometres east of Adelaide and about 20 kilometres west of the Murray River. It is located on the dry eastern side of the Mount Lofty Ranges.
Karine Ruby (4 January 1978 in Bonneville, Haute-Savoie – 29 May 2009) was a French snowboarder and Olympic champion. She won a gold medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano. She received a silver medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.
John Langenus (born 9 December 1891, Antwerp, Belgium; died 1 October 1952 Antwerp) was a Belgian football referee, who officiated for FIFA in three World Cup competitions, including the first ever Final match in 1930.
The Vermont Historical Society  was founded in 1838 to preserve and record the cultural history of the US state of Vermont. Headquartered in the old Spaulding School Building in Barre, the Vermont History Center is home to the Vermont Historical Society's administrative offices, the Leahy Library and a small book shop. In Montpelier the Society operates the Vermont History Museum in the Pavilion building, just east of the Vermont State House.
Louise Portal (born May 12, 1950) is a Canadian actress, film director, singer and writer. She won the Genie Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in the film "The Decline of the American Empire", and was a nominee for Best Actress for "Sous-sol ".
Mame Biram Diouf (born 16 December 1987) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a striker for Stoke City and the Senegal national team.
The Beagle Island, part of the Badger Group within the Furneaux Group, is a unpopulated low, flat granite island, located in Bass Strait, lying west of the Flinders and Cape Barren islands, Tasmania, south of Victoria, in south-eastern Australia. The island is contained within a nature reserve and is part of the Chalky, Big Green and Badger Island Groups Important Bird Area.
WMNT (1500 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information radio format. Licensed to Manati, Puerto Rico, United States, the station is currently owned by Manati Radio Corporation. 
Lakehill Airport , is a privately owned airport near Mars, Pennsylvania, U.S., part of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. It is the smallest of the three airports located in Butler County. 
Rotork plc is a British-based company manufacturing industrial flow control equipment. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Gamlakarleby Bollklubb is a Finnish football club from Kokkola . It currently plays in the Finnish Second Division , which is the third-highest level in Finnish football. 
Orival is a commune in the Seine-Maritime departement in the Normandy region in northern France.
Bournazel is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Larroque  is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Velennes is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The Historical Society of Western Pennsylvania  is a cultural organization in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. After several attempts during the early and mid-century to establish a historical society, an organization called Old Residents of Pittsburgh and Western Pennsylvania was formed on January 10, 1859. 
Windrose Airlines, legally "Wind Rose Aviation Company", is a Ukrainian charter airline based at Boryspil International Airport. Founded on 28 October 2003, the airline's headquarters is in Kiev; it operates charter flights to destinations in Western Europe, the Middle East, and Asia.
The 1874 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 3, 1874 to select five Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. Two incumbents were re-elected, two open seats were retained by the Republicans, and the open seat in the 2nd congressional district was picked up by the Independent Republicans. 
Dubai Group is an investment company based in the United Arab Emirates, and a subsidiary of Dubai Holding. The company was founded in 2000 as the Investment Office, and was renamed Dubai Group in 2005. 
The 1878 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 5, 1878 to select five Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. Two Democratic incumbents were re-elected, two Republican incumbents were defeated and the open seat was picked up by the Democrats. 
Apil-Sin was an Amorite King of the First Dynasty of Babylon . He reigned c. 1767–1749 BC.
The 1884 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 4, 1884 to select seven Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. Five incumbents were re-elected and the two open seats were split between the Democrats and the Republicans. The composition of the state delegation after the election was six Democrats and one Republican.
Dongfeng Motor Group Co., Ltd. known also as DFG is a Chinese holding company based in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Its H shares were listed on the Hong Kong stock exchange.
WEBL (95.3 FM, "95.3 The Rebel") is a country music station licensed to Coldwater, Mississippi, United States, and serves the Memphis, Tennessee, area.
Lega Nord Emilia  is a regionalist political party in Italy, active in the Emilian part of Emilia-Romagna. Formed in 1989, since 1991 it has been one of the "national"  sections of Lega Nord.
Sylhet Agricultural University  is a government-financed public university in Sylhet, Bangladesh.
Esport Club Granollers is a football team based in Granollers in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1913, it plays in the Tercera División – Group 5. 
The 1896 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 3, 1896 to select seven Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. Five Democratic incumbents were re-elected, one Republican incumbent was defeated, and the open seat was retained by the Democrats. 
CFCW-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 98.1 FM in Camrose, Alberta with a country music format branded as "New Country 98.1". The station was owned by Newcap Radio until they were bought out by Stingray Digital.
Hamilton Olympic Football Club is a semi-professional association football club based in Hamilton a suburb of Newcastle, New South Wales. They currently compete in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW, the second tier of football in Australia.
A.F.C. Euro Kickers  was a Panamanian football team founded in 1984 and based in Panama City, Panama. They were one of the six founding members of ANAPROF.
Enthought, Inc. is a software company based in Austin, Texas, United States that develops scientific and analytic computing solutions using primarily the Python programming language. It is best known for the early development and maintenance of the SciPy library of mathematics, science, and engineering algorithms and for its Python for scientific computing distribution Enthought Canopy .
Thiepval is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France. 
Mediapro is a multimedia communications group in Spain. Founded in 1994 in Barcelona, the company is involved in movie and television production, as well as media .
Voronezh Aircraft Production Association  is one of the largest aircraft production plants in Russia.
Barret is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
China Nepstar Chain Drugstore Ltd. , which conducts business as China Nepstar , is China's largest retail drugstore chain, based on the number of directly operated stores.
Freddie Jenkins (October 10, 1906 – 1978) was an American jazz trumpeter.
Hermes Quijada International Airport  is an airport in Tierra del Fuego Province, Argentina serving the city of Río Grande.
CJAT-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an adult contemporary format at 95.7 FM in Trail, British Columbia and is also heard in Castlegar at 90.3 FM and Grand Forks at 103.3 FM, including other rebroadcasters.
The National Democratic Alliance  was a short-lived liberal political party in Italy.
Urs Freuler (born 6 November 1958 in Bilten, Canton of Glarus) is a Swiss cyclist, who raced professionally between 1980 and 1997, during which he won 124 victories. He was named Swiss Sports Personality of the Year in 1982 and 1983.
San Luis Airport  is a high-elevation airport serving Ipiales, a city in the Nariño Department of Colombia. The airport is north of the city.
Eduardo dos Reis Carvalho (; born 19 September 1982), known simply as Eduardo, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Primeira Liga club S.C. Braga and the Portugal national team.
KMMS-FM (95.1 FM, "The Moose 95.1") is a radio station licensed to serve Bozeman, Montana. The station is owned by Townsquare Media, licensed to Townsquare Media Bozeman License, LLC. It airs an Adult Album Alternative music format.
Lindy Hemming (born 21 August 1948) is a Welsh costume designer, who won the Academy Award for Best Costume Design for "Topsy-Turvy" (1999).
Raunds Co-operative Society Limited was a consumer co-operative society based in Raunds, Northamptonshire, founded in 1891.
Monflorite-Lascasas is a village in Aragon, Spain.
The Katie Seashole Pressly Softball Stadium is the home field of the Florida Gators softball team of the University of Florida. The stadium is located at the corner of Hull Road and Museum Road, on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus.
The University Athletic Association, Inc.  is a non-profit corporation that is responsible for maintaining the Florida Gators intercollegiate sports program of the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida. The UAA is run by a board of directors led by the University of Florida's athletic director. 
Azua Dominica Airport is an airport south of the city of Azua in the Azua Province of the Dominican Republic. It is an old airport that is used only for the emergency landing of domestic flights. 
La Calata Airport or Vista Alegre Airport is located in La Caleta, La Romana, Dominican Republic.
The Asses Ears are a set of three small islands off northwest Robert Island, forming the north part of Potmess Rocks in English Strait, South Shetland Islands. Presumably known to early sealers, the feature was charted and named descriptively by personnel on "Discovery II" in 1934–35.
Stretch were a 1970s British rock band that grew from the collaboration between Elmer Gantry  and Kirby  Gregory. Gantry had been the frontman of Elmer Gantry's Velvet Opera. Kirby had been a member of Curved Air.
Telefon Bay is a small bay on the north-west coast of Port Foster, Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. It is surmounted by Telefon Ridge. 
Yolanda of Courtenay (c. 1200 – June 1233), was a Queen of Hungary as the second wife of King Andrew II of Hungary.
Northern Engineering Industries plc was a British engineering firm, which for over 10 years was one of the largest employers on Tyneside. It was based at the Regent Centre at Gosforth in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Sahana Pradhan (17 June 1927 – 22 September 2014) was a Nepalese politician from a Newar family in Kathmandu. She resigned as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Nepal on April 16, 2008. 
Pablo Alfaro Armengot (born 26 April 1969) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and is the manager of UD Ibiza.
Buhl-Lorraine  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Fresnes-en-Saulnois  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Saint-Epvre  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Macornay is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Moissey is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Nagato was born in Kyoto. He starred in "Season of the Sun", "Endless Desire", "My Second Brother", "Stolen Desire", and "Sukeban Deka", and "Yo-Yo Girl Cop". He died in Tokyo on May 21, 2011.
Crasville is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
His father Guy was also a footballer.
The main building and campus of Meiji University is in the district.
La Vacherie is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Montaigu is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Mont-sur-Monnet is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Dangeau is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France. On 1 January 2018, the former communes of Bullou and Mézières-au-Perche were merged into Dangeau.
The Salt River Range is a mountain range in western Wyoming. The 56 mile long range forms the eastern boundary of Star Valley as well as the western boundary of the Greys River valley.
Spokane Community College is public community college in Spokane, Washington. It is part of Community Colleges of Spokane. It was established in 1963.
La Faloise is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Richard Joseph Malone (born March 19, 1946) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church and the current Bishop of Buffalo, New York.
Maoist Communist Party of Turkey  is a Maoist insurgent organization in Turkey. It is the most significant of the Maoist organisations in Turkey; it upholds the legacy of Ibrahim Kaypakkaya. 
Fieffes-Montrelet is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Forest-Montiers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Saussay is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department and Centre-Val de Loire region of north-central France. It lies 47 km north of Chartres and some 70 km west of Paris.
Arblade-le-Haut is located in the canton of Grand-Bas-Armagnac and in the arrondissement of Condom.
The Auzoue forms part of the commune's eastern border and flows north through its northeastern part.
Lahitte is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
The river Auroue forms part of the commune's eastern border.
Plaisance  is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Beauvilliers is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Saint-Puy was the home of the gentleman soldier Blaise de Monluc.
Beaupuy is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Castex is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Maurens is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Saint-Lary or Saint-Lary dans le Gers  is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Portets is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The name of the commune in occitan is .
Bischwihr  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Conroe-North Houston Regional Airport was constructed during World War II to serve as a military facility, but was converted in 1945 to be a predominately civilian airfield.
Gajac is a commune in the Gironde department in southwestern France.
Pleine-Selve is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Sainte-Radegonde is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The Eseniu  is a small river in the Gurghiu Mountains, Harghita County, central Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Mureș. It flows through the village Sineu , and joins the Mureș in the village Remetea.
Blase Joseph Cupich ( ; March 19, 1949) is an American prelate of the Catholic Church, a cardinal who serves as the ninth archbishop of the Archdiocese of Chicago. He is also a member of the Roman Curia's Congregation for Bishops, which plays a role in advising on bishop appointments and episcopal matters, as well as a member of the Congregation for Catholic Education.
Richard Ruoff (18 August 1883 – 30 March 1967) was a general in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II. He commanded the 4th Panzer Army and the 17th Army on the Eastern Front.
Bretten is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Dietwiller  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in eastern France. It forms part of the Mulhouse Alsace Agglomération, the inter-communal local government body for the Mulhouse conurbation.
Flaxlanden is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France. It forms part of the Mulhouse Alsace Agglomération, the inter-communal local government body for the Mulhouse conurbation.
Hagenbach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Hirsingue  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Jettingen is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Lapoutroie  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Linsdorf is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Orbey  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Frettemeule is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Staffelfelden is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. It forms part of the Mulhouse Alsace Agglomération, the inter-communal local government body for the Mulhouse conurbation.
Uffheim  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Walheim  is a communes in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Wolfgantzen  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Barbaggio  is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica. It is known for its wine, its scenery, and the prehistoric site of Strette.
Nonza is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Riventosa is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
The history of the company goes back to 1858, when in Peine the Ilseder Hütte started. The company was part in 1937 as "Reichswerke Hermann Göring",
Communes of the Haute-Garonne department
Communes of the Haute-Garonne department
Aisey-et-Richecourt is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The Lèze flows north through the eastern part of the commune and forms part of its northeastern border.
Attricourt is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Battrans is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Technogym is a manufacturer of fitness equipment based in Cesena, Italy.
Pechbonnieu  is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Dannemarie  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France. It was the seat of a canton of the same name and is the seat of the "Communauté de communes de la Porte d'Alsace".
Sode is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Bouhans-et-Feurg is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Agnat is a commune in the Haute-Loire department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of south-east central France.
Brax is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southwestern France.
Pointre is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Garin is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Roques is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Air Bremen was a small German airline based in Bremen operating between 1988 and 1990.
The Port Jackson and Manly Steamship Company  was a publicly listed company that operated the Manly ferries in Sydney, Australia. After being taken over by Brambles Industries, the ferry service was eventually taken over by the State Government and is now part of Sydney Ferries.
Magny-Danigon is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Montbozon is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Rahon is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Rotalier is a commune in the Jura department in the region of Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Aubazat is a commune in the Haute-Loire department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of south-east central France.
Beaumont is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Boisset is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Champagnac-le-Vieux is a commune in the Haute-Loire department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of south-east central France.
Cendrecourt is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Michael Seifert (16 March 1924 – 6 November 2010) was an SS guard in Italy during World War II.
Corbenay is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Chavaniac-Lafayette is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Couteuges is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Fay-sur-Lignon is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Josat is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Laval-sur-Doulon is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Dampierre-sur-Linotte is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Pont-Salomon is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Saint-Didier-sur-Doulon is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Saint-Julien-Chapteuil  is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Saint-Paul-de-Tartas is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Salettes is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Venteuges is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Arc-en-Barrois is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in the Grand Est region in northeastern France. The 18th-century French metallurgist and Encyclopédiste Étienne Jean Bouchu (1714–1773) died in Arc-en-Barrois.
Lecey is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Villegusien-le-Lac is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune Heuilley-Cotton was merged into Villegusien-le-Lac. 
Plesnoy is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Balesmes-sur-Marne is a former commune in the Haute-Marne department in the Champagne-Ardenne region in northeastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune Saints-Geosmes.
Perrogney-les-Fontaines is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Soulaucourt-sur-Mouzon is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Osne-le-Val is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Dammartin-sur-Meuse is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Celsoy is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Graffigny-Chemin is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Choiseul is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Daillecourt is a commune in the Haute-Marne "département" in north-eastern France.
Roches-sur-Marne is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Faverolles is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Germainvilliers is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Mussey-sur-Marne is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Mertrud is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Sarrey is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Paroy-sur-Saulx is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Treix is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Marcellaz-Albanais is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department located in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Saint-Sigismond is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Gruffy  is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Bloye is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
Contamine-sur-Arve is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
Villy-le-Bouveret is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Cervens is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Neuvecelle is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
Cuvat is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Saint-Sixt is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Etaux  is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Doussard is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Lucinges is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Sillingy is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Moye is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Peillonnex  is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of south-eastern France. It lies 32 km north-east of Annecy, the department capital, and some 425 km from Paris.
Sales is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Peyrat-de-Bellac  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Saint-Brice-sur-Vienne  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Azat-le-Ris  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Condat-sur-Vienne  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Saint-Ouen-sur-Gartempe  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Le Chalard  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Saint-Sulpice-les-Feuilles  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Saint-Just-le-Martel  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Domps  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France. The writer and Resistant Jean Blanzat (1906–1977) was born in Domps.
Saint-Jouvent  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Saint-Auvent  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Mortemart  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Nexon  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Solignac  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Pesmes is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Changey is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Angos is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Arras-en-Lavedan is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Aspin-Aure is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Bazet is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Beaucens  is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in the Occitanie region of south-western France.
Ordizan is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Bourg-de-Bigorre is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Caixon is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Vic-en-Bigorre  is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Escala is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Geu is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Vaillant is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Loucrup is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Voisey is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Peyrouse is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Sarniguet is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Vidouze is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Vieuzos is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Saint-Bauzille-de-Montmel is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Lignan-sur-Orb is a commune in the Hérault département in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Montady is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Le Pradal is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Vieussan is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Aize is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Saint-Christophe-en-Bazelle is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Meunet-Planches is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Jeu-les-Bois is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Nuret-le-Ferron is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Ceaulmont is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Giroux is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Villiers is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Niherne is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Fontenay is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Tilly is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Azay-sur-Indre is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Marcilly-sur-Vienne is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Preuilly-sur-Claise is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Saint-Pierre-des-Corps is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Rouziers-de-Touraine is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Charnizay is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Saint-Nicolas-des-Motets is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Saint-Branchs is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Theneuil is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Montbazon is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France. It is located on the river Indre between the towns of Veigné, Monts and Sorigny. The town is about 12 km from Tours.
Seuilly is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Le Petit-Pressigny is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Chamagnieu is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Vaulnaveys-le-Haut is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Saint-Ondras is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Saint-Laurent-en-Beaumont is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Cognin-les-Gorges is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Saint-Hilaire-de-Brens is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Satolas-et-Bonce is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Porcieu-Amblagnieu is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Nivolas-Vermelle is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Saint-Blaise-du-Buis is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Gresse-en-Vercors is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Theys is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France. It is one of the three communes of Les sept Laux winter sports resort.
Estrablin is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France. Located near Vienne (7 km) and Lyon (30 km), Estrablin is attractive for its calm and its rural atmosphere. 
Varacieux is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Longechenal is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Le Mottier is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Succieu is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Rovon is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Roche-sur-Linotte-et-Sorans-les-Cordiers is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The Breakfast Creek  is a small urban stream that is a tributary of the Brisbane River, located in suburban Brisbane in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.
Saulnot is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Faucogney-et-la-Mer is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Oldland Abbotonians Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Oldland Common South Gloucestershire, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Aitchison Playing Fields. 
PAIS Alliance  is an Ecuadorian center-left social democratic and formerly democratic socialist political party.
China University of Technology  is a private university in Taipei, Taiwan. The original campus is situated in Taipei's Wenshan District on five hectares of land. 
The Chart Pattana Party  is a Thai political party. In 2007 Thai general election the chairman of the party is Wannarat Channukul. His brother-in-law, the party's "chief advisor" Suwat Liptapanlop is however considered its "de facto" leader.
William Alexander Harris (August 24, 1805 – March 28, 1864) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia, father of William A. Harris.
Knowle Football Club is a football club based in Knowle Solihull, in the West Midlands, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Robins' Nest. 
Dedoplistskaro or Dedoplistsqaro  is a town in Kakheti, Georgia with the population of 5,940. The town is located in the Shiraki Plain, eastern Georgia, and functions as a municipality of the eponymous district.
Hollingstedt is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Quickborn is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Nicolas Rigault (Rigaltius; 1577-1654) was a French classical scholar.
Ambon  is a commune in the Morbihan department in the Brittany region in northwestern France.
Dampierre-en-Yvelines is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Beignon  is a commune in the Morbihan département in Brittany in northwestern France.
Trescault is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Vendin-le-Vieil is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Brignac  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Villers-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Violaines is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Harmsdorf is a municipality in the district of Ostholstein, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Salem is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Cournon  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
The Wetter is a long river in the state of Hesse, Germany. It is a right tributary to the Nidda which itself is a right tributary of the Main.
Bharath Institute of Higher Education and Research  also known as Bharath Institute of Science and Technology , informally Bharath University, and formerly Bharath Engineering College is a Deemed University and an Indian institute of higher education located in Chennai, the capital of Tamil Nadu, India. It is recognised by the University Grants Commission  and is accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council  with the highest grade of A. It is also approved by the All India Council for Technical Education .
Ramstedt  is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The Batumi Shota Rustaveli State University  is the higher educational university in Batumi, capital of the Autonomous Republic of Adjara. Georgia. It is named after the medieval Georgian poet Shota Rustaveli.
Borstorf is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Fitzen is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Juliusburg is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. The population was 188 people in 2006.
Panten is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Sierksrade is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Augustus of Saxe-Weissenfels (Dresden, 13 August 1614 – 4 June 1680, Halle), was a Duke of Saxe-Weissenfels-Querfurt of the House of Wettin and administrator of the Archbishopric of Magdeburg.
Le Guerno  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Fuaigh Beag or Vuia Beg is an island in the Outer Hebrides. It is off the west coast of Lewis near Great Bernera in Loch Roag. 
Tatiana Alexeyevna Golikova (Russian: Татьяна Алексеевна Голикова; born 9 February 1966) is a Russian politician and economist serving as the Deputy Prime Minister of Russia for Social Policy, Labour, Health and Pension Provision since 2018. 
Bramstedtlund is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Grothusenkoog  is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Lexgaard  is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Olderup is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Stadum is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Westre  is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Communist Party of Nepal  is a political party in Nepal. It was founded in 2007, following a split in the Communist Party of Nepal .
Princess Mathilde Caroline of Bavaria  (Augsburg, August 30, 1813 – Darmstadt, May 25, 1862) was the second child and eldest daughter of Ludwig I of Bavaria and Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen.
The River Hebert is a small tidal river that empties into the Cumberland Basin, and is contained completely within Cumberland County, Nova Scotia. According to estimates by the Province of Nova Scotia, there were 9,092 people resident within the Maccan/Kelly/Hebert watershed in 2011.
Princess Adelgunde of Bavaria (; 19 March 1823 – 28 October 1914) was a daughter of Ludwig I of Bavaria and Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen. She was Duchess consort of Modena by her marriage to Francis V, Duke of Modena.
Stein is a municipality in the district of Plön, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Kervignac  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Damp is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Loose  is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Bissee is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Tecate Airport is a closed, paved airstrip located South of Tecate in Municipality of Tecate, Baja California, Mexico. The city is on the U.S.-Mexico border. 
Steinfeld  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Langonnet  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Borgstedt  is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Ellerdorf is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Haby is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Melsdorf is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Osterstedt is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Rumohr is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Thumby  is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Cirat is a municipality of Valencia in the province of Castellón, Spain. It has a population of approximately 240 and is the capital of Alto Mijares.
Karl Wilhelm von Dalla Torre (14 July 1850 – 6 April 1928) was an Austrian taxonomist, entomologist and botanist.
Ellingstedt  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Klappholz  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Meggerdorf  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Oersberg  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Stangheck  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The Izvor is a left tributary of the river Jiu in Romania. It flows into the Jiu south of Petroșani.
Hohenfelde is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Solange Pierre (4 July 1963 – 4 December 2011), known as Sonia Pierre, was a human rights advocate in the Dominican Republic who worked to end "antihaitianismo", which is discrimination against individuals of Haitian origin either born in Haiti or in the Dominican Republic. For this work, she won the 2006 Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award.
Locmaria-Grand-Champ  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Coullons is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
The State Railways Administration of Uruguay , or AFE, is the autonomous agency of the Oriental Republic of Uruguay charged with rail transport and the maintenance of Uruguayan railways.
Melrand  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Neulliac  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France. Inhabitants of Neulliac are called "Neulliacois".
Viala-du-Pas-de-Jaux  is a commune in the Aveyron department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
La Roque Ste Marguerite is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Plouhinec  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Ballancourt-sur-Essonne is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Pluvigner  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
The Party for People with Special Needs  is a minor political party in Ontario, Canada, founded in 2007 and having contested the 2007 provincial election. The party ran two candidates, leader Danish Ahmed in Toronto Centre and John Rubino in Trinity—Spadina, neither of whom won.
Sardan is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Vallabrix is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Roquedur is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Le Martinet is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Pujaut is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Nages-et-Solorgues is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Saint-Paul-les-Fonts is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Saint-Martin-de-Valgalgues is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Saint-Hippolyte-de-Montaigu is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Saint-Dionisy  is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Princess Augusta of Bavaria, Duchess of Leuchtenberg  (Strasbourg, 21 June 1788 – Munich, 13 May 1851) was the second child and eldest daughter of Maximilian I Joseph of Bavaria and Princess Augusta Wilhelmine of Hesse-Darmstadt. By marriage, she was a French Princess.
Saint-Bresson is a commune in the Gard department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
The United States House of Representatives elections in California, 2004 was an election for California's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 2, 2004. The districts after the 2000 census were gerrymandered to protect incumbents of both parties, so there was no change in the party balance, 33 Democrats and 20 Republicans.
Erwin Kostedde (born 21 May 1946) is a German former footballer who played as a striker.
Broualan  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Markku Aro , born as Markku Tuomas Puputti (3 February 1950 in Mouhijärvi, Finland), is a Finnish singer who performed on Eurovision contest in 1971 in Ireland with the pop-duo Koivistolaiset. They appeared with the song "Tie uuteen päivään" . 
Bad Tabarz is a municipality in the district of Gotha, in Thuringia, Germany. It is a winter sports resort and the terminus of the Thüringerwaldbahn rural tramway.
La Palma is a municipality and town in the Pinar del Río Province of Cuba. It is located in the northern part of the province, on the coast of the Straits of Florida, north of Consolación del Sur and north-east of Viñales.
Cumanayagua  is a municipality and town in the Cienfuegos Province of Cuba. It is located in a valley near the Guamuhaya Mountains (usually these mountains are referred as Escambray Mountains, east of Cienfuegos, the provincial capital.
Curtis "Curt" Tomasevicz (born September 17, 1980) is an American former college football player for the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers, and bobsledder who has competed since 2004. He won six medals at the FIBT World Championships with two golds (Four-man: 2009, 2012), a silver (Mixed team: 2007) and three bronzes (Two-man: 2009, Mixed team: 2008, 2009).
WMFE-FM is the flagship National Public Radio member station in Orlando, Florida, owned by Community Communications, Inc.
The Magazine Spies were an English post-punk band from the town of Horley. They were active during 1979 and 1980, and are notable for band members who went on to play in the Cure, Fools Dance and related projects. 
Parker Island is a roughly island in the Southern Gulf Islands of British Columbia, Canada. It forms the western side of Montague Harbour, sheltering it from the strong wind gusts of Trincomali Channel. 
The Rally of Congolese Democrats and Nationalists  is a political party in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It is headed by Roger Lumbala.
The Briheni is a left tributary of the river Crișul Negru in Romania. Its length is and its basin size is . It flows into the Crișul Negru in Șuștiu.
West Wallsend FC is a soccer club based in West Wallsend, New South Wales, Australia. The club is a member of Northern NSW Football in Australia. 
Rieux  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France and bordering on Ille-et-Vilaine and Loire Atlantique.
Vertientes is a municipality and town in the Camagüey Province of Cuba.
San Antonio del Sur is a municipality and town in the Guantánamo Province of Cuba. It is located on the southern coast of Cuba, bordering the Windward Passage to the south.
Jorgelina Cravero (born 23 January 1982) is a retired professional Argentine female tennis player. 
Igor Olegovich Lisovsky (; born in 25 June 1954) is a former Soviet pair skater. With partner and then-wife Irina Vorobieva, he is the 1981 World champion and the 1981 European champion. They were coached by Tamara Moskvina.
5IT was a BBC radio station which broadcast from Birmingham, England, between 1922 and 1927. It was the BBC's second station, going live at 17.20 on 15 November 1922, the day after 2LO started daily BBC broadcasting from London and one hour forty minutes before 2ZY launched BBC broadcasting in Manchester. 
Le Saint  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
The Column of Constantine , also known as the Burnt Stone or the Burnt Pillar, is a Roman monumental column constructed on the orders of the Roman emperor Constantine the Great in 330 AD. It commemorates the declaration of Byzantium  as the new capital city of the Roman Empire. The column is located on the Street of the Janissaries  in the neighborhood  of Çemberlitaş, central Istanbul, along the old Road to the Imperial Council  between the Hippodrome of Constantinople  and the Forum of Theodosius .
Affieux is a French commune in the Corrèze department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of central France.
Cisneros is a Spanish municipality belonging to the province of Palencia, in the northern part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.
Saint-Dolay  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Les Avanchers-Valmorel is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Aillon-le-Jeune is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Saint-Malo-des-Trois-Fontaines  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
WJAD (branded as "Rock 103") is a radio station serving Albany, Georgia and surrounding cities with a rock format. This station broadcasts on FM frequency 103.5 MHz and is under ownership of Cumulus Media. 
The Rezu Mare is a left tributary of the river Putna in Romania. It flows into the Putna near Tulgheș.
Milly Witkop (March 3, 1877November 23, 1955) was a Ukrainian-born Jewish anarcho-syndicalist, feminist writer and activist. She was the common-law wife of the prominent anarcho-syndicalist leader Rudolf Rocker. 
Gaston II of Foix-Béarn (1308 – September 1343), son of Gaston I of Foix-Béarn and Jeanne of Artois, was the 10th Count of Foix.
Ivar Valentin Johansson (31 January 1903 – 4 August 1979) was a Swedish wrestler who competed at the 1928, 1932 and 1936 Summer Olympics. In 1932 he won the gold medal in the Greco-Roman welterweight and freestyle middleweight events. 
A.T. Still University of Health Sciences  is a non-profit, private, graduate school focusing on health sciences, as well as the world's first osteopathic medical school. Founded in 1892 by Dr. Andrew Taylor Still, the school is based in Kirksville, Missouri, United States, with a second campus in Arizona. ATSU is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.
WIKQ (103.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. It is licensed to Tusculum, Tennessee, United States, and serves the Tennessee/Virginia Tri-Cities area. The station is owned by Radio Greeneville, Inc..
Arys , is a town in Turkistan Region of Kazakhstan. Population: 
Bibra is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Petersberg is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Waltersdorf is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Elizabeth  Marshall QC (born September 7, 1951) is a Canadian politician and member of the Senate.
Altenberga is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Hummelshain is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Silbitz is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Lichte is a village and a former municipality in the district of Sonneberg in Thuringia, Germany, close to the Thuringian Rennsteig. Formerly in the district Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, it is part of the town Neuhaus am Rennweg since January 2019.
Frankenheim is a municipality in the district Schmalkalden-Meiningen, in Thuringia, Germany.
Catherine Jinks (born 1963) is an Australian writer of fiction books for all age groups. She has won many awards including the Children's Book Council of Australia Book of the Year Award four times, the Victorian Premier's Literary Award, the Aurealis Award for science fiction, the IBBY Australia Ena Noel Encouragement Award, the Adelaide Festival Award, and the Davitt Award for crime fiction.
Four Points Media Group was a holding company owned by Cerberus Capital Management, established in 2007 to serve as a buyer for 7 television stations formerly owned by CBS Corporation.
Northern Football Club was a football club based at Hyde Park in the Springburn area of Glasgow, Scotland. The club was a founder member of Scottish Football League Division Two, but left after a single season.
Vachdorf is a municipality in the district Schmalkalden-Meiningen, in Thuringia, Germany.
WKGX (1080 AM 104.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. It is licensed to Lenoir, North Carolina, United States. 
The Dorrigo Plateau is a plateau in the Northern Tablelands and New England regions of New South Wales, Australia. The plateau forms part of the Great Dividing Range and is sometimes referred to as the Dorrigo and Guy Fawkes Plateau.
WGNC (1450 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News, Talk, and Sports format. Licensed to Gastonia, North Carolina, United States, it serves the Gastonia area.
Villebon is a commune in the department of Eure-et-Loir in northern France
CASA de Maryland   is a Latino and immigration advocacy-and-assistance organization based in Maryland. It is active throughout the state, but has major foci in Prince George's County, Montgomery County and Baltimore. 
Neuilly-sous-Clermont is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Auge is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Aouste is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of northern France.
Acy-Romance is a French commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of northern France.
Aurimont is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Wakui pitched for the Japanese national team in the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2009 World Baseball Classic.
Vern-sur-Seiche  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Westhouse-Marmoutier  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Haegen  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Adamswiller  is a French commune in the Bas-Rhin department in the Grand Est region of northeastern France.
Andernay is a commune in the Meuse department in the Grand Est region in northeastern France.
Islais Creek or Islais Creek Channel  is a small creek in San Francisco, California. The name of the creek is derived from a Salinan Native American word ""slay"" or ""islay"", the name for the "Prunus ilicifolia" wild cherries.
Nina Ricci is a fashion house founded by Maria "Nina" Ricci and her son Robert in Paris in 1932, and owned by the Spanish beauty and fashion group Puig since 1998. 
The Institute for Occupational Safety and Health of the German Social Accident Insurance  is a German institute located in Sankt Augustin near Bonn.
The James Sewell Ballet is a Minneapolis, Minnesota-based ballet company of eight dancers founded in 1990 by James Sewell and Sally Rousse.
Alfred Probst (1894 – April 1958) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Hammers of Misfortune is a progressive heavy metal band from San Francisco, California. The band's style has varied from album to album, at times incorporating different elements of folk metal, doom metal, NWOBHM, black metal, 1970s rock, and thrash metal. 
The Trade Winds was an American pop group formed in Providence, Rhode Island. The group's members were Peter Andreoli  (1941–2016) and Vincent Poncia, Jr., and had previously had a hit single together  under the name The Videls with a song called "Mr. Lonely", which hit #73 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in 1960.
Ferd is a Norwegian holding company which holds partial ownership in companies within industry and finance as well as a real estate portfolio. The company has 75 employees and is owned by Johan H. Andresen and his two daughters Katharina and Alexandra; it was established in 2001. 
The Gretha Islands  are an uninhabited island group located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. They are situated in Eureka Sound at the confluence of Bay Fjord, north of Ellesmere Island's Raanes Peninsula, and east of Stor Island. They are members of the Sverdrup Islands group, Queen Elizabeth Islands, and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Sights include the church of San Esteban, in Mudéjar-Renaissance style.
Samuel Ray Delany Jr. (; born April 1, 1942), Chip Delany to his friends, is an American author and literary critic. His work includes fiction , memoir, criticism and essays on sexuality and society.
David Cary Jacobson (born October 9, 1951) is an American lawyer who served as the 29th United States Ambassador to Canada.
Alcon Entertainment, LLC is an American film production company, founded in 1997 by film producers Broderick Johnson and Andrew Kosove. Since its establishment, Alcon Entertainment has developed and financed films that are ultimately distributed  by Warner Bros. Pictures, following a ten-year motion picture production agreement.
Gioia del Colle Air Base is an Italian Air Force  base located in the province of Bari, Apulia, Italy, located approximately 1 km south-southeast of Gioia del Colle.
The Goat Island is a small and unpopulated granite island, located in the Bass Strait, lying off the north-west coast of Tasmania, Australia. The island is situated between Penguin and Ulverstone and can be walked to at low tide. 
The Biskhali is a river of Bangladesh, a continuation of the Sugandha.
LRT Lituanica is the third Lithuanian public television channel, operated by LRT. The channel broadcasts 24 hours per day and is a mix of original programming from LRT televizija and LRT Plius.
Sundance Institute is a non-profit organization founded by Robert Redford committed to the growth of independent artists. The Institute is driven by its programs that discover and support independent filmmakers, theatre artists and composers from all over the world. 
JGSDF Kisarazu is home to the JGSDF 1st Helicopter Brigade, which is attached to the Central Readiness Force. operating as a supporting unit for the 1st Airborne Brigade and the Japanese Special Forces Group. The base also supports tenant units from the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force and Japan Air Self-Defence Force
Arzacq-Arraziguet is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Arette  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of southwestern France. It is located in the arrondissement of Oloron-Sainte-Marie and is one of the six communes of the canton of Aramits: the other five being Ance, Aramits , Féas, Issor, and Lanne-en-Barétous.
Agnos is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Sussargues is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Luke Kibet (born 12 April 1983) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon. He won the marathon race at the 2007 World Championships.
Arzenc-de-Randon is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
Saint-Julien-de-Cassagnas is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Montrodat is a commune in the Lozère departement in southern France.
Fernando Pessoa University  is a private university located in Porto and Ponte de Lima, Portugal. It was founded in 1996 and named after Fernando Pessoa, a famous Portuguese writer and poet.
CHSU-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 99.9 FM in Kelowna, British Columbia. The station currently broadcasts a contemporary hit radio format branded as 99.9 Sun FM.
Merlscheid is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Niederraden is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Orenhofen is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Rittersdorf is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany, a few miles from Bitburg.
Sevenig  is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Chiara Rosa (born 28 January 1983 in Camposampiero, Padua) is a female shot putter from Italy.
CFWH-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 94.5 FM in Whitehorse, Yukon. The station broadcasts the programming of the CBC Radio One network known as CBC North. 
Northwest Vista College is a public community college in San Antonio, Texas. It is one of five community college institutions that comprise the Alamo Colleges District in San Antonio. 
The Bay du Nord River is located on the south coast of the Island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. Much of the drainage basin is contained within the Middle Ridge Wildlife Reserve and the Bay du Nord Wilderness Reserve of central Newfoundland.
MinnPost is a nonprofit online newspaper in Minneapolis, founded in 2007, with a focus on Minnesota news.
Rear Admiral Thomas John Ryan, Jr. (August 5, 1901 – January 28, 1970) was a career American naval officer who received the Medal of Honor, the United States' highest military decoration, for his actions while in Yokohama, Japan during the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake. Ryan went on to serve in World War II as a destroyer flotilla commander.
Fififf Teeners (or The 5:15ers) is the name given to the side project of musicians Josh Homme and Chris Goss.
Christophe Riblon (born 17 January 1981) is a French former road and track racing cyclist who competed as a professional for the team for 13 seasons between 2005 and 2017.
Yarelys Barrios Castañeda (also "Yarelis Barrios Castañeda"; born July 12, 1983 in Pinar del Río) is a female discus thrower from Cuba.
Brodenbach is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Kollig is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Virneburg is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany. Virneburg Castle is located in the village.
Plaidt is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
The Crimson Jazz Trio was a jazz trio led by drummer Ian Wallace, formerly of King Crimson, who re-interpreted King Crimson's music.
Colline-Beaumont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
LaVerne Janet Jones-Ferrette (born September 16, 1981) is a sprinter from the United States Virgin Islands who specializes in the 100 and 200 meters. She represented her country at the Summer Olympics in 2004, 2008 and 2012. 
Duisans is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Propellerhead Software is a music software company, based in Stockholm, Sweden, and founded in 1994. It produces the studio emulation Reason.
Ushakov Island  is an isolated island located in the Arctic Ocean, Russian Federation.
Eppenrod is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Herold is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Kehlbach is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Miehlen is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
The National University of Life and Environmental Sciences of Ukraine  is a leading public university in the field of agriculture in Ukraine; it is located in Kiev.
Guernsey Football Club are a community football club located in St. Peter Port, Guernsey, Channel Islands. The club was formed in 2011 and became a member of the Combined Counties Football League Division One for the 2011–12 season. 
Bridge of Don Thistle Football Club is a Scottish football club from Aberdeen. Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association, they currently play in the SJFA North Superleague.
Count Johann Reinhard II of Hanau-Lichtenberg ( in Bouxwiller – 25 April 1666 in Bischofsheim am Hohen Steg) was a younger son of Count Philipp Wolfgang of Hanau-Lichtenberg (1595–1641) and Countess Johanna of Oettingen-Oettingen (d. 1639).
WSG Swarovski Tirol is an Austrian football club located in Wattens, a town in the state of Tyrol in the west of the country. They currently play in the Bundesliga, the top tier of Austrian football.
Kenny de Schepper (born 29 May 1987) is a French professional tennis player.
Banswara State was a princely state in India during the British Raj. It was located in what is today the state of Rajasthan. 
Toros University is a recently established university in Mersin, Turkey.
Dr. Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh Abdel Hady  (born 15 October 1951) is an Egyptian physician, former student activist and Islamist politician. In 2011–2012, he ran for President of Egypt as an independent. 
Daniel Kozelinski Netto (born 18 February 1952) is the Apostolic Administrator "sede vacante" of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Eparchy of Santa Maria del Patrocinio in Buenos Aires since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 22 June 2011. He had previously served as Auxiliary Bishop of São João Batista in the Ukraine in Curitiba.
Isaac Mahmood Noell (born 12 April 1983), known professionally as Sak Noel, is a Spanish DJ, record producer, songwriter and music video director. He is best known for the international hits "Loca People", "Paso", "No Boyfriend " with Mayra Verónica which debuted at number 40 on the "Billboard" Dance/Mix Show Airplay chart, and "Trumpets" with Salvi and Sean Paul.
The Republic of Ireland national under-19 football team, is the national under-19 football team of the Republic of Ireland and is controlled by the Football Association of Ireland and competes in the biennial European Under-19 Football Championship.
Viva is a mobile network operator in the Dominican Republic.
Sohag International Airport is an airport serving Sohag, capital of the Sohag Governorate of Egypt. The airport is south of the city.
Lee Seung-gi (born 2 June 1988) is a South Korean football player who currently plays for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors as a midfielder, having previously played for Gwangju FC. He also represents South Korea in senior men's football.
McCune Audio Video Lighting  is an American company based in South San Francisco, California, with offices in Monterey and Anaheim. It is one of the oldest and largest audio visual rental and sound services in the U.S. McCune was founded in 1932 by Harry McCune Sr, McCune AVL provides audio, lighting and high-definition video services to events as varied as outdoor festivals such as the Monterey Jazz Festival, and the Bohemian Grove, and to arena conferences such as TED.
The Tchaikovsky House-Museum was the country home in Klin, 85 kilometers northwest of Moscow where Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky lived from May 1892 until his death in 1893. His last major work, the 6th Symphony, was written there. The house is now a museum.
The Haryana football team is an Indian football team representing Haryana in the Santosh Trophy.
Giangiacomo Feltrinelli Editore is an Italian publishing company founded in 1954 by Giangiacomo Feltrinelli.
Diane Schöler (née Rowe on 14 April 1933) is a retired table tennis player from England. In 1966 she married German table tennis player Eberhard Schöler, and since then competed for West Germany. 
FC Cherkashchyna-Akademiya  is a professional Ukrainian football club from the city of Cherkasy. The club's home ground was Central Stadium which was refurbished in 2003 and has a capacity of 10,321.
Alex Renato Ibarra Mina (born 20 January 1991), commonly referred to as Renato Ibarra, is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Liga MX club América and the Ecuadorian national team.
The Wau River, or Wau Nahr , is a river in South Sudan. It shares its name with Wau, the state capital of Western Bahr el Ghazal, where the river is located east of the international border with the Central African Republic.
Elisabeth Maria Josepha "Lilianne" Ploumen (; born 12 July 1962) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party  and activist. She has been a Member of the House of Representatives since 23 March 2017.
Andrew Dennis Biersack (born December 26, 1990), formerly known as Andy Six, is an American singer and pianist. He is the founder and lead vocalist for the American rock band Black Veil Brides, and is its only remaining original member. 
Marie Hedwig Auguste of Sulzbach (; born: 15 April 1650 in Sulzbach; died: 23 November 1681 in Hamburg) was a Countess Palatine of Sulzbach by birth and by marriage, Archduchess of Austria and by her second marriage, Duchess of Saxe-Lauenburg.
Rungstedlund, also known as the Karen Blixen Museum, is a country house in Rungsted on the Øresund coast just north of Copenhagen, Denmark, notable for its association with the author Karen Blixen, who lived there for most of her life. She was born on the estate in 1885, and returned there after her years in Kenya, chronicled in her book "Out of Africa", to do most of her writings. 
Im Jin-ah (born September 14, 1991), known professionally as Nana, is a South Korean singer, actress and model, known for her work as a former member of the South Korean girl group After School and its subgroup Orange Caramel. As an actress, Nana starred in various television dramas such as "Love Weaves Through a Millennium"（2015), "The Good Wife" (2016), "Kill It"（2019).
The East Ballarat Football Club was an Australian rules football club which competed in the Ballarat Football League.
Cerebral Ballzy is a punk rock band from Brooklyn, New York, United States. The band was formed in 2008 and released their debut, self-titled, album on 26 July 2011. 
Bryanston Films was a British film company formed by Michael Balcon and Maxwell Setton in mid-1959 following the collapse of Ealing Studios. Neither a production studio, nor a distributor, it released independent British films through British Lion Films In operation until 1963, it was intended to be an unofficial group of independent film producers.
Narus is a community in the Namorunyang State state of South Sudan. It is the headquarters of Kapoeta East County.
The Lol River, also spelled Loll, is a stream in northern South Sudan that feeds the Bahr al-Arab, known locally as the Kiir River. It meets the larger river in Warrap state, south of the disputed Abyei Area and roughly 100 kilometers west of Bentiu.
Teliana Santos Pereira (born 20 July 1988) is a professional Brazilian tennis player.
Johnny Neel is an American vocalist, songwriter, and musician based in Nashville, Tennessee. He is best known for his songwriting, stage, and being a member of the Allman Brothers Band and the Dickey Betts Band.
The stadium is opened for 18th National Sports Festival of Japan in 1963, and renovated for 66th National Sports Festival of Japan in 2011.
Diesel Boy is a punk rock band from Santa Rosa, California. They were formed in 1993 and were active until 2002, and have been on hiatus since then. 
Stag Island is an uninhabited island in the southern part of James Bay, in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. Located at , it is the southernmost island and point of land in Nunavut.
The Vihorlat-Gutin Area  is a region of mountain ranges spanning from eastern Slovakia, through western Ukraine, into northern Romania.
The Tunisia national under-20 football team , nicknamed "Les Aigles de Carthage ", belongs to the Tunisian Football Federation. Since 1977 the team has played eight times in the African Youth Championship, UNAF U-20 Tournament and twice in the FIFA U-20 World Cup .
Isabella Ragonese (born 19 May 1981) is an Italian actress.
SFC, also known as Southern Fried Chicken, is a British-based fast food outlet. It operates a franchise network in the United Kingdom and worldwide. 
Club Coras de Nayarit Fútbol Club commonly known as Coras is a football club that plays in the Mexican football league system Mexican Liga Premier . The club was founded in the late 1950s as Deportivo Tepic and was based in Tepic, Nayarit, Mexico.
Rashid bin Maktoum was the Ruler of Dubai from 1886 to 1894.
The Independent Bloc  is a conservative political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Futebol Club de Felgueiras 1932 is an association football club based in Felgueiras, Porto District, Portugal. They currently play in the Campeonato de Portugal and hold their games at the Estádio Dr. Machado de Matos.
A.E. Kalampaki F.C. is a Greek football club, based in Kalampaki, Drama, Greece.
The Montreal Neurological Institute & Hospital , is a research and medical centre dedicated to neuroscience, training and clinical care, located in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is part of the McGill University Health Centre network and it is situated on the southern slope of Mount Royal along the east side of University Street, just north of Pine Avenue. 
Samut Prakan City Football Club  is a Thai football club based in Samut Prakan Province, Thailand. It was founded in 2018, following Pattaya United's owner decided to change club name and relocated it to Samut Prakan.
A.S. Fiumicino 1926, formerly known as Fiumicino Calcio, is an Italian football club, based in Fiumicino, a suburb of Greater Rome in the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital . The club participated in Serie D and Eccellenza Lazio several times, but as of 2018–19 season, participating in Promozione Lazio Group C. The club also affiliated to A.S. Roma as a feeder club.
Good is a South African political party. The party was launched on 2 December 2018 by former Mayor of Cape Town, Patricia de Lille, and other disgruntled Democratic Alliance  members.
The Queensland State Netball Centre is a netball facility located in the southern Brisbane suburb of Nathan. The centre features a 5,000 seat indoor arena that is the home court of Super Netball team the Queensland Firebirds. 
The 2020 United States House of Representatives elections in Utah will be held on November 3, 2020, to elect the four U.S. Representatives from the state of Utah, one from each of the state's four congressional districts. The elections will coincide with the 2020 U.S. presidential election, as well as other elections to the House of Representatives, elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections.
Kirkeby is a small town located on the island of Funen in south-central Denmark, in Svendborg Municipality.
A.P.O. Niki Tragano Football Club is a Greek football club, based in Tragano, Elis, Greece.
Al-Hait Football Club is a Saudi Arabian football team in Al Hait City playing at the Saudi Second Division.
Shin Hyun-hwak (; October 29, 1920 – April 26, 2007) was Prime Minister of South Korea from December 13, 1979 to May 21, 1980, representing the Democratic Republican Party.
Arar F.C. is a Saudi Arabian football team in Arar City playing at the Saudi Second Division.
Surjoux-Lhôpital is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France. It is the result of the merger, on 1 January 2019, of the communes of Surjoux and Lhôpital.
Frontera is a city and the municipal seat of Centla Municipality, Tabasco in Mexico.
ABBYY is a multinational software company that specializes in document capture and optical character recognition.
The Kingdom of Banggai was a petty kingdom in present-day Central Sulawesi, Indonesia. It was based around the Banggai Islands and the eastern coast of Sulawesi, centered at the island of Banggai. 
Saint-Denis-Lanneray is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France. It was established on 1 January 2019 by merger of the former communes of Saint-Denis-les-Ponts  and Lanneray.
Mercedes-Benz USA, LLC  is the distributor for passenger cars of Daimler AG in the United States located in Sandy Springs, Georgia, USA . It is a subsidiary of Daimler AG and today sells cars from the Mercedes-Benz and Smart brands, as well as the Mercedes-Benz Transporter.
The South African Maintenance and Estate Beneficiaries Association  is a South African political party. Their platform is made up of two main elements; child maintenance and beneficiaries of estates.
Power of Africans Unity  is a South African political party founded in November 2016 by former COPE and UDM member Julius Nsingwane.
The Alliance for Transformation for All  is a South African political party founded in 2018 to lobby for the interests of the taxi industry.
Rouge are a Brazilian pop girl group formed in 2002, through the SBT and Disney Channel talent show "Popstars" produced by RGB. The group comprised singers Aline Wirley, Fantine Thó, Karin Hils, Li Martins  and Lu Andrade.
The Gazankulu Liberation Congress  is a minor political party based in Giyani, South Africa.
The UK European Union Party  is a pro-European political party in the United Kingdom, founded by lawyer Pierre Kirk in the prelude to the 2019 European Parliament election in the United Kingdom. The party was founded due to a perceived weak concentration on opposing Brexit by other pro-EU parties. 
The NATION Movement , is a Belgian far-right political party founded on 9 August 1999, by nationalist politician Hervé Van Laethem in Belgium. The party is part of the larger far-right and right-wing populist movement in Belgium and also involves itself in the Yellow vests movement.
Sabah Islamic Civilisation Museum  is a 2-storey museum building located at Menteri Street in Kota Kinabalu District of Sabah, Malaysia.
BEC , formerly known as Interbec, was a joint venture by Bandai and Human Co, Ltd. for video game development. They were best known for developing licensed video games for Bandai including "Digimon", "Dragon Ball Z" and "Mobile Suit Gundam". 
Ordu Ethnographical Museum  is a museum in Ordu, Turkey
Pedernales Airport is an airport serving the village of Pedernales in the Delta Amacuro state of Venezuela.
Guasipati Airport is an airport serving the town of Guasipati in the Bolívar state of Venezuela. The runway is on the west side of the town.
CSC Financial Co., Ltd. trading as China Securities, is a Chinese investment bank and brokerage firm established by CITIC Securities and China Jianyin Investment in 2005 in a 60–40 ratio, as a successor of bankrupted China Securities Co., Ltd. . However, the firm now majority owned by Jianyin Investment's parent company Central Huijin Investment and an asset managing subsidiary of .
The Libra Party or "Equal List"  is a political party in Albania. It was founded in 2016.
hit South Queensland is an Australian commercial radio station broadcasting to South West Queensland and the Darling Downs. Owned and operated by Southern Cross Austereo, the station broadcasts a contemporary hit radio music format with a local breakfast show based from studios in Toowoomba.
Gizmodo Media Group is an online media company and blog network formerly operated by Univision Communications in its Fusion Media Group division. The company was created from assets acquired from Gawker Media during its bankruptcy in 2016. 
The 2018 United States House of Representatives election in Alaska were held on November 6, 2018, to elect the U.S. Representative from Alaska's at-large congressional district, who will represent the state of Alaska in the 116th United States Congress. The election coincided with the 2018 U.S. mid-term elections, as well as other elections to the House of Representatives, elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections.
The 2018 United States House of Representatives elections in Nebraska were held on Tuesday, November 6, 2018, to elect the three U.S. Representatives from the U.S. state of Nebraska; one from each of the state's three congressional districts. Primaries were held on May 15, 2018. 
The 2018 United States House of Representatives election in the District of Columbia will be held on Tuesday, November 6, 2018, to elect the non-voting Delegate to the United States House of Representatives from the District of Columbia. The election coincides with the 2018 elections of other federal, state, and local offices.
Coca-Cola Football Club , is an Egyptian football club based in Cairo, Egypt. The club is currently playing in the Egyptian Second Division, the second-highest league in the Egyptian football league system.
Morena  (b. 1984) is a singer from Sannat, Gozo, Malta. "Morena" means "brunette", which fits her complexion.
The group is based in Fukuoka Prefecture and is managed by Stardust Promotion's regional Fukuoka office.
WODB-LP (90.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Caguas, Puerto Rico, the station serves the central Puerto Rico area. 
Jeddah Club is a Saudi Arabian football  team in Jeddah playing at the Prince Mohammad bin Salman League.
The Alternative Democratic Movement  is a political party in the Dominican Republic.
The Thirty Thousand Islands is the world's largest freshwater archipelago, and are located mainly along the east side of Georgian Bay, part of the Great Lakes, in Ontario, Canada.
Abbey Moor Stadium is a football and former greyhound racing stadium on Godney Road, Glastonbury, Somerset
Bernd Wegner (born 1949) is a German historian who specialised in military history and the history of Nazism. He is Professor of Modern History at the Helmut Schmidt University in Hamburg, Germany, the position he's held since 1997.
Burger King was a fast food restaurant chain in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Also known as Burger King Drive-Inn, it was founded by former Imperial Oil executives William R. Jarvis (1926-21 July 2014)
China Merchants Shekou Industrial Zone Holdings Co., Ltd  is a Chinese public company based in Shenzhen. The company itself is a subsidiary of China Merchants Group. 
Lamport and Holt was a shipping line based in Liverpool, England. It was founded in 1845 by William James Lamport and George Holt. 
The Western Australia Party is a registered political party in Western Australia, established by Julie Matheson as Julie Matheson for Western Australia to contest the 2017 state election. It was registered by the Western Australian Electoral Commission  on 18 October 2016.
Martina Steuk (née Kämpfert; born 11 November 1959) is a German former track and field athlete who represented East Germany. She competed in the 800 metres and occasionally the 400 metres.
Domuz Island , literally "Pig Island") is a Mediterranean island of Turkey. The island was popularly named after wild boars which were thought to live in the island. 
Karantina Island  is an island in the Gulf of İzmir, Turkey.
Abdoulie Bojang is a Gambian politician who was is the Speaker of the National Assembly of the Gambia from 2010 to 2017.
Manukau City AFC are an association football club based in Mangere East, Auckland, New Zealand. Their Massey Road ground lies between Mangere and Otahuhu, close to Middlemore Hospital.
The Lefevre Gallery  was an art gallery in London, England, operated by Alex. Reid & Lefevre Ltd.
Erich Friderici (21 December 1885 – 19 September 1967) was a German general during World War II. He was the commander of Army Group South Rear Area behind Army Group South from 27 October 1941 to 9 January 1942, while the original commander, Karl von Roques, was on medical leave.
FC Lviv  is a Ukrainian football club from the city of Lviv. It was initially founded in 1992.
Riccardo Silva Stadium is a college football and soccer stadium on the campus of Florida International University  in Miami, Florida and the home stadium of the FIU Panthers football team. The stadium opened in 1995 and has a seating capacity of 20,000.
Bakhvistsqali  is a river in western Georgia, located in the region of Guria. It flows into the Supsa River and has a length of 42 kilometres.
Sebastian is a town in northern Victoria, Australia. The town is located 22 km north of Bendigo and is 
McEwens Beach is a coastal town and locality in the Mackay Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , McEwens Beach had a population of 202 people.
Il Museo nazionale di Palazzo Venezia is a museum in Rome, housed in the palazzo of the same name. Belonging to MIBACT from December 2014, it is " one of the 43 museums of the Polo Museale del Lazio. 
The Rubbish Party is a minor political party that returned a candidate at the 2017 East Ayrshire Council election, in East Ayrshire, Scotland.
Grupo Desportivo Benfica de Santa Cruz, sometimes as Grupo Desportivo Benfica is a football  club that plays in the Santiago Island North League in Cape Verde. It is based in the town of Calheta de São Miguel in the island of Santiago and plays at Estádio Municipal 25 de Julho located northwest of the city center. 
Deutschlandfunk Nova  is a public broadcasting radio station and part of Deutschlandradio, a set of national radio stations in Germany. From 2010 to 30 April 2017 the station was known as "DRadio Wissen".
Pharco Football Club , is an Egyptian football club based in Alexandria, Egypt. The club currently plays in the Egyptian Second Division, the second-highest league in the Egyptian football league system.
Virginia Water Football Club is a football club based in Virginia Water, Surrey, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Timbers.
Sony Channel is a German pay cable and satellite channel from Sony Pictures Television, based in Munich.
The Magdalena Valley montane forests (NT0136) is an ecoregion in the Andes mountains of central Colombia.
Lierse Kempenzonen is a football club from Lier, Antwerp province, Belgium.
Ediciones B is a Spanish publisher, which currently operates as a division of Penguin Random House. Ediciones B is headquartered in Madrid and Barcelona, Spain; with branches throughout Latin America.
San Diego 1904 FC is a proposed American professional soccer team based in San Diego, California, United States.
SC Dnipro-1 is a professional Ukrainian football team from Dnipro. The club is competing in the 2019–20 Ukrainian Premier League, having promoted from the First League.
The Deportivo CAFESSA Jalisco, commonly known as CAFESSA, is a Mexican football club based in Guadalajara. The club was founded in 2015, and currently plays in the Serie B of Liga Premier.
The Duluth, Missabe and Northern Railway  was a railroad company in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It was one of the earliest iron ore hauling railroads of the area, said to have built the largest iron ore docks in the world, and later was one of the constituent railroads in the merger that formed the Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range Railway.
Joon S.A.S. was a French airline based at Paris' Charles de Gaulle Airport, subsidiary of Air France and was founded in 2017. The airline ceased operations on 27 June 2019, and was merged back into Air France.
China Energine International  Limited known as China Energine is a Cayman Islands-incorporated holding company based in Hong Kong. The controlling shareholder was Chinese state-owned mega-conglomerate China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation . 
Las Vegas Lights FC is an American professional soccer team based in Las Vegas, Nevada. The team made its debut in the United Soccer League in 2018 and plays its home games at Cashman Field. The Lights are coached by Eric Wynalda and owned by Brett Lashbrook, who also serves as general manager.
Goornong is a town in north central Victoria, Australia. The town is in the City of Greater Bendigo local government area and on the Midland Highway, north of the state capital, Melbourne.
Wooyung is a small town located in the Northern Rivers Region of New South Wales.
RTL Crime is a German pay television channel owned by the RTL Group. The channel was launched on 27 November 2006. 
KWCR is a student-run College radio station in Ogden, Utah. Owned and operated by Weber State University, the station formerly broadcast on a frequency of 88.1 MHz FM, but in October 2015, decided to continue solely online. 
KMB Football Team  was an association football club in Hong Kong. 
The Kyrgyz Air Force is the official air force of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Kyrgyzstan. Its current commander is Kylychbek Aidaraliev. 
Gokulam Kerala Football Club is an Indian professional football club in Kozhikode Kerala. The club began competing in the I-League, the first division of Indian football, in the 2017–18 I-League season. They also run a Team in the Indian Women's League.
Maharashtra National Law University, Aurangabad  is a state university located at Aurangabad, Maharashtra, India. It was established in 2017 by the Government of Maharashtra, the third and final university to be installed through the "Maharashtra National Law University Act, 2014" following Maharashtra National Law University, Mumbai and Maharashtra National Law University, Nagpur, the 21st National Law University in India. 
The , frequently abbreviated to CDP, , or , is a centre-left political party in Japan. The party is led by Yukio Edano.
The Gozo representative football team represents the island of Gozo, Malta, in football. It is organised by the Gozo Football Association and its home stadium is the Gozo Stadium.
Ermis Amyntaio Football Club is a Greek football club, based in Amyntaio, Florina , Greece
The Catalan State  was a short-lived state proclaimed during the events of 6 October 1934 by Lluís Companys as the "Catalan State within the Spanish Federal Republic".
The Economic Freedom Party  is a political party in Kenya.
Xiangxue Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. also known as XPH, is a Chinese pharmaceutical company. It was headquartered in Guangzhou Economic and Technological Development Zone, Guangzhou, the capital of the Guangdong Province. 
Barnoti is a town and a newly created naib tehsil in Kathua district in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is situated on the NH 1A, 13 km from District Headquarter.
Agreement , is a conservative and liberal conservative political party in Poland. It was founded as Alliance  in November 2017, led by Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Science and Higher Education Jarosław Gowin, as an expansion of Gowin's previous party, Poland Together, before changing its name. 
Hyeongseop X Euiwoong  is a South Korean duo formed by Yuehua Entertainment in Seoul, South Korea. The duo previously participated in "Produce 101 Season 2". 
The Wilton River is a large perennial river, and tributary of the Roper River located in the Katherine region of the Northern Territory, Australia.
Constellation Software is a diversified software company. It is based in Toronto, Canada, is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the S&P/TSX 60.
The Maine Mammoths were a professional indoor football team that was a member of the National Arena League  for the 2018 season. Based in Portland, Maine, the Mammoths played their home games at the Cross Insurance Arena. The Mammoths are the first professional indoor or arena football team to be located in Maine.
Eurosport 2 Xtra is a German pay-television sports channel which broadcasts several Bundesliga matches and the DFL-Supercup in the seasons 2017/18-2020/21 exclusively which Discovery Communications won in the tender of national media rights arranged by the Deutsche Fußball Liga .
Friedrich Otto Hultsch (22 July 1833, Dresden – 6 April 1906, Dresden) was a German classical philologist and historian of mathematics in antiquity.
Warneton is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Ronchin is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Houplines is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Forest-sur-Marque is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Baisieux is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
The Certej  is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Romania. It discharges into the Mureș near Deva.
Wincenty Pol (20 April 1807 – 2 December 1872) was a Polish poet and geographer.
Phalempin is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Ennevelin is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Attiches is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
The Germama  River, is a tributary of the Awash River in Ethiopia. The name "Germama" comes from the Amharic word which means "frolicking", "boisterous", or "frisky".
The Mobile Carnival Museum is a history museum that chronicles over 300 years of Carnival and Mardi Gras in Mobile, Alabama. The museum is housed in the historic Bernstein-Bush mansion on Government Street in downtown Mobile.
Mezhgorye  is a closed town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located in the southern Ural Mountains near Mount Yamantau, about southeast of Ufa, the capital of the republic, on the banks of the Maly Inser River . Population: 
Joachim Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Leopold Prinz von Preußen (14 November 1865 in Berlin – 13 September 1931 Krojanke manor, Landkreis Flatow, Posen-West Prussia) was a son of Prince Frederick Charles of Prussia and Princess Maria Anna of Anhalt-Dessau, married in 1854.
Rouvroy-Ripont is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Groissiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Le Tech  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Labalme is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Saint-Arnac  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Fontrabiouse  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Serdinya  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France. 
Port is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Saint-Michel-de-Llotes  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Hamadan Airbase or Shahrokhi Airbase or Noje Airbase  is an Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force base located 47 km north of Hamadan in the Hamadān Province. The airbase is named after Captain Mohammad Noje who was the first IRIAF pilot to be killed in action on August 16, 1979. 
WMBW (88.9 FM, Moody Radio Southeast) is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to Chattanooga, Tennessee serving the Chattanooga metropolitan area. Owned by the Moody Bible Institute since 1973, the station broadcasts a religious format and is the Chattanooga affiliate for Moody Radio.
WRVM is a Christian radio station licensed to Suring, Wisconsin, broadcasting on 102.7 MHz FM. WRVM serves all of Northeast Wisconsin, including Green Bay and Appleton. 
WTHL is a Christian radio station licensed to Somerset, Kentucky, broadcasting on 90.5 MHz FM. The station is owned by Somerset Educational Broadcasting Foundation.
The Museo Nacional de San Gregorio  is a museum in Valladolid, Spain, belonging to the Spanish Ministry of Culture. The museum has an extensive collection sculptural ranging from the Middle Ages to the 19th century from Region of Castile's churches that, at 19th-20th c., these were confiscated, and other particular donations, deposits or acquisitions of the state.
Saint-Germain-sur-Renon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
KBBM (100.1 FM) is a radio station with a country music format. Licensed to Jefferson City, Missouri, the station serves the Mid Missouri area. This station is owned by Cumulus Media.
The Cotton Belt is a region of the Southern United States where cotton was the predominant cash crop from the late 18th century into the 20th century.
Vulbens is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
SV Bergisch Gladbach 09 is a German association football club from the city of Bergisch Gladbach in North Rhine-Westphalia.
The Image Museum or in Portuguese Museu da Imagem is located in Braga, Portugal and is dedicated to photography.
Pierfranco Vianelli (born 20 October 1946) is a former Italian cyclist and Olympic Champion. He won a gold medal at the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico City, in the Individual Road Race. He also won a bronze medal in the Team Time Trial.
Philip E. Rosen (May 8, 1888 – October 22, 1951) was an American film director and cinematographer. He directed 142 films between 1915 and 1949.
The River Aller is a small river on Exmoor in Somerset, England.
KSCH (95.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format and simulcasts to KSCN (96.9 FM). Licensed to Sulphur Springs, Texas and Pittsburg, Texas respectively, the station serves the Paris area. 
KXBN (92.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary hit radio format. Licensed to Cedar City, Utah, United States, the station serves the Cedar City / St. George, Utah area. 
Authuille is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Aubercourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Robert Lindstedt (born 19 March 1977) is a Swedish professional tennis player, who turned pro in 1998, and is a doubles specialist. His biggest title has been the 2014 Australian Open with partner Łukasz Kubot. 
Brigadier General Richard Kane (1662–1736) was an Irish soldier who served in the British Army. He is particularly associated with the island of Minorca.
KYLK (103.7 FM,) is a radio station licensed to serve Okemah, Oklahoma. The station is owned by EMF. 
Supabarn is a supermarket chain based in Canberra with shops across the Australian Capital Territory  and New South Wales in Australia with its head office located in Braddon, Canberra. The chain has been in operation since 1994 and current turnover is $121 million in 2007
The South Austin Museum of Popular Culture  is a Texas 501(3) nonprofit organisation dedicated to collecting, preserving, and exhibiting art and memorabilia that reflect Austin's eclectic contributions to popular culture worldwide.
Internationally, he is currently the top active Japan national team goalscorer and third all-time in team history with 50 goals. He won the Premier League with Leicester in 2016.
Aegidius Hunnius the Elder (21 December 1550 in Winnenden – 4 April 1603 in Wittenberg) was a Lutheran theologian of the Lutheran scholastic tradition and father of Nicolaus Hunnius.
Rafael Castillo is a suburban city in the La Matanza Partido in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is located in the urban agglomeration of Greater Buenos Aires.
Tom Croft (born 7 November 1985) is a retired rugby union player. He played 173 games for Leicester Tigers between 2005–17 winning four Premiership Rugby titles, played 40 times for between 2008–2015, was part of the squad for the 2011 Rugby World Cup, and was a tourist with the British and Irish Lions in 2009 to South Africa and 2013 to Australia.
Belle-Isle-en-Terre  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Evil Angel is an American production company and distributor of pornographic films, founded and owned by John Stagliano.
The Sunda Kingdom  was a Sundanese Hindu kingdom located in the western portion of the island of Java from 669 to around 1579, covering the area of present-day Banten, Jakarta, West Java, and the western part of Central Java. The capital of Sunda Kingdom has moved for several times during its history; shifted between Galuh  area in the east and Pakuan Pajajaran in the west.
Brusvily  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Canadian Colonial Airways was founded in 1929 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. In 1942, it reformed as Colonial Airlines, which was later absorbed by Eastern Air Lines.
Maungdaw Township  is a township of Maungdaw District in Rakhine State, Myanmar . The principal town is Maungdaw.
Santomera is a Spanish municipality in the autonomous community of Murcia. It has a population of 15,709 (2012) and an area of 44.2 km².
Gausson  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Salome Zourabichvili (, ; born 18 March 1952) is a Georgian politician and former French diplomat who currently serves as the 5th President of Georgia, in office since December 2018. She is the first woman to be elected as Georgia's president, a position she will occupy for a term of six years. 
Kerien  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Lanmodez  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Le Leslay  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Sophie Ferguson (born 19 March 1986, in Sydney) is a former Australian professional tennis player.
Pabu  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Pleubian  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Pride and Glory was a side project for Black Label Society guitarist Zakk Wylde. This was Wylde's first self-fronted project, before releasing his first solo-album, "Book of Shadows", in 1996. 
Athienville is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.
Allondrelle-la-Malmaison is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.
Avenger Field is a Texas airport in Nolan County, three miles west of Sweetwater. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 called it a "general aviation" facility.
Plougras  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor "département" of Brittany in northwestern France.
Bon Iver  is an American indie folk band founded in 2006 by singer-songwriter Justin Vernon. The name "Bon Iver" derives from the French phrase "bon hiver"  , taken from a greeting on "Northern Exposure".
Plumaudan  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Pordic  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France. On 1 January 2016 the former commune of Tréméloir merged into Pordic.
Kevin Anderson (born 18 May 1986) is a South African professional tennis player who is ranked world No. 8 in men's singles by the Association of Tennis Professionals  as of 13 May 2019.
Metro FM is a national radio station in South Africa owned by the SABC.
Wilde is a city in the Avellaneda Partido, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. Wilde is the most populous district in Avellaneda, with a total of 65,881 inhabitants (as of a 2001 census). It is a part of the Greater Buenos Aires urban agglomeration.
Crane Creek is a stream in Melbourne, Florida, United States. It is a tributary of the Indian River, with its mouth in the vicinity of Front Street.
Al-Faisaly FC  is a Saudi Arabian football team based in Harmah City, playing in the first level. The club is named after King Faisal (r. 1964–75); he was crown prince at the time of the club's founding.
Bacouel-sur-Selle is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Mieszko I of Cieszyn (, , ; also known as Mieszko I of Opole; 1252/56 – by 27 June 1315), was a Duke of Racibórz during 1282–1290  and the first Duke of Cieszyn since 1290 until his death.
Sunshine Stars F.C. is a Nigerian football club based in Akure. They play in the top division in Nigerian football, the Nigerian Premier League. Their home stadium is Akure Township Stadium.
Bailleul is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Louise Henrietta of Nassau (, ; 7 December 1627 – 18 June 1667) was a Countess of Nassau, granddaughter of William I, Prince of Orange, "William the Silent", and an Electress of Brandenburg.
Harry Manfredini (born August 25, 1943 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American film composer and jazz soloist, who has scored more than one hundred films, including the "Friday the 13th" film series. He has had years of classical training, as well as twenty years in the popular music scene. 
Beaucamps-le-Vieux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Bea is a municipality located in the Jiloca Comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census the municipality has a population of 38 inhabitants.
Quintenic  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
TV Klan  is a private television channel with national coverage based in Tirana, Albania.
Arrancy is a commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Artzenheim  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Cernay  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Wettolsheim is a communes in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Radio Recorders, Inc. located at 7000 Santa Monica Boulevard, was a recording studio based in Los Angeles, California.
Bagneux is a commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Brie is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Saint-Connec  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Scherwiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in northeastern France. Residents are referred to as "Scherwillerois" in French.
Wimmenau is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Castres is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Geispolsheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Meyenheim  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Epfig is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Faverolles is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Gland is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Liez is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Morcourt is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Pierrepont is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Sainte-Croix is a commune in the Aisne départment in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Serval is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Saint-Launeuc  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Saint-Quay-Portrieux  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Munwiller  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Assis-sur-Serre is a commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Moosch is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Dolleren  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Saint-Justin is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Gros-Morne is a town and commune in the French overseas department of Martinique, and one of the least-developed on the island.
Case-Pilote is a town and commune in the French overseas department of Martinique.
The prefecture operates the airport, which is classified as a third class airport. Kerama gained commercial flights on an on and off basis in 1984. In 2006 Ryukyu Air Commuter suspended flights.
Amailloux is a commune in the Deux-Sèvres department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France. It is situated about northwest of the town of Parthenay.
Auvare  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.
Tourrette-Levens  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Massoins  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Peillon  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Saint-Auban is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Lieuche  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Clans is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Willy Kanis (born 27 July 1984 in Kampen) is a Dutch female professional racing cyclist.
The prefecture operates the airport, which is classified as a third-class airport.
Sergy is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Gars is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Azy-sur-Marne is a commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Beauvois-en-Vermandois is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Besmont is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The Perth Cultural Centre is an area of central Perth, Western Australia, centred on the James Street Mall.
Plou is a municipality located in the Province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 49 inhabitants.
Los Polvorines is a district  in the urban conurbation of Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is the county seat of Malvinas Argentinas Partido of Buenos Aires Province.
Billy  is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Charroux is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Lignerolles is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
The Lugogo River is a river of Uganda in eastern Africa. It is located in the central part of the country and flows in a south easterly direction from the Kabi River.
Saint-Angel is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Le Theil is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Carl Heymanns Verlag GmbH is a legal, specialized publishing house with its seat in Cologne, Germany.
CJMG-FM is a Canadian radio station located in Penticton, British Columbia. The station, owned by Bell Media and operating at 97.1 FM with 1800 watts of power, is branded as Sun FM and has a contemporary hit radio format.
Vron is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Huacaraje is a town in the Iténez Province, Beni Department, in northern Bolivia. It is the capital of Huacaraje Municipality.
Rimsky Yuen Kwok-keung, GBM, SC, JP (; born 17 June 1964) is a barrister who served as the third Secretary for Justice of Hong Kong from 2012 to 2018.
Bertangles is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
KWUT (97.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Elsinore, Utah, United States, the station is currently owned by Douglas Barton, through licensee Sanpete County Broadcasting Company.
Roger Kluge (born 5 February 1986) is a German professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Berzy-le-Sec is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Brancourt-le-Grand is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Bucy-le-Long is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Chamouille is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Chevresis-Monceau is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Essigny-le-Petit is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Margival is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The lac de l'Ailette forms part of the communes's southern border.
Pontruet is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The river Ailette forms most of the commune's northern border.
Vauxbuin is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Olyokminsk Airport is an airport serving the urban locality of Olyokminsk, Olyokminsky District, in the Sakha Republic of Russia.
Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña Airport  is a public use airport located northwest of Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña, a city in the Chaco Province of Argentina.
Fudbalski Klub Igman Konjic , commonly referred to as FK Igman Konjic or simply Igman Konjic, is a professional association football club from the town of Konjic that is situated in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A.S.D. Vittorio Falmec San Martino Colle  is an Italian football club based in Vittorio Veneto, Veneto.<br>Currently it plays in Italy's Serie D.
Società Sportiva Matelica Calcio, commonly referred to as Matelica, is an Italian football club founded in 1921 and based in Matelica, Marche. 
The 2014 United States House of Representatives election in South Dakota was held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 to elect the U.S. Representative from South Dakota's at-large congressional district, who would represent the state of South Dakota in the 114th United States Congress. The election coincided with the elections of a U.S. Senator from South Dakota, the Governor of South Dakota and other federal and state offices. Incumbent Republican U.S. Representative Kristi Noem won reelection.
Gaspard Joseph Benedict Balansa, also known as Benjamin Balansa or Benedict Balansa (25 March 1825 – 2 November 1891) was a French botanist.
Lynnwood Manor is a suburb of the city of Pretoria, South Africa. It is a well-developed area, lying to the east of the city centre.
Mont Pilat or the Pilat massif is a mountainous area in the east of the Massif Central of France.
University of Sustainable, Environmental Studies and Applied Research  is a proposed public tertiary educational institution to be built in the Eastern Region of Ghana.
Buffelshoek is a town in Bushbuckridge Local Municipality in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa. The legal name was changed to Bolla-Tau in 2008. 
Canal 6 is a Nicaraguan terrestrial television channel broadcasting from the city of Managua, owned and operated by the Government of Nicaragua.
Heroes Comics is a comic book store operating in London, Ontario, Canada. The store won a Harry Kremer comics retailer award at the 2013 Joe Shuster Awards ceremony.
Yasser Arafat International Airport , formerly Gaza International Airport and Dahaniya International Airport, is located in the Gaza Strip, in between Rafah and Dahaniya, close to the Egyptian border. The facility, which opened on 24 November 1998, ceased operation during the Second Intifada on 8 October 2000. 
Chile Chico Airport , is an airport serving Chile Chico, a lakeside town in the Aysén Region of Chile. Chile Chico is on the south shore of General Carrera Lake, west of the Argentina border. The airport is southeast of the town.
The Union of Settlers and Smallholders  was a political party in Estonia.
Armin Weyrauch (born 22 January 1964 in Friedberg, Hesse) is a German rower. He finished 4th in the men's coxless four event at the 1992 Summer Olympics. 
Walisongo State Islamic University  is a public university in Indonesia. It is also called Universitas Islam Negeri  Walisongo Semarang and located in Semarang, Central Java, Indonesia.
The Singapore national under-19 football team is the national Under 19 association football team of Singapore. The team comes under the organization of the Football Association of Singapore .
El Mirador Airport , is an airport just southeast of Puerto Varas, a city in the Los Lagos Region of Chile. Puerto Varas is on the southwest shore of Llanquihue Lake.
Vallenar Airport (, is an airport serving Vallenar, a city in the Atacama Region of Chile.
KQVT (92.3 FM, "Q92 the Beat") is a radio station serving the Victoria, Texas, area with a hot adult contemporary music format. It is under ownership of Townsquare Media.
Stadionul Municipal is a multi-purpose stadium in Salonta, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Olimpia Salonta. 
The QuikTrip Corporation, more commonly known as QuikTrip , is an American chain of convenience stores based in Tulsa, Oklahoma that primarily operates in the Midwestern, Southern, and Southeastern United States as well as in Arizona.
Shenzhen Energy Group Company Limited, formerly Shenzhen Energy Investment Company Limited, is one of the main power generation companies in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. It involves in developing all types of energies, researching and investing high new energy-related technologies. Huaneng Power International is now the second largest shareholder of Shenzhen Energy.
Fraser Gerard Forster (born 17 March 1988) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Southampton and the English national team.
Tuadook River is a Canadian river in Northumberland County, New Brunswick. The river drains northeastward from Holmes Lake and Tuadook Lake into the Little Southwest Miramichi River. The name is derived from the original Mi'kmaq name for the Little Southwest Miramichi River
Judith of Thuringia (; – 9 September after 1174), a member of the Ludovingian dynasty, was Queen consort of Bohemia from 1158 until 1172 as the second wife of King Vladislaus II. She was the second Queen of Bohemia after Świętosława of Poland, wife of King Vratislaus II, had received the title in 1085.
Whitsunday Airport is an airport located in Flametree in the Whitsunday Region, Queensland, Australia. It is located between the popular tourist destinations of Airlie Beach, Shute Harbour and the Whitsunday Islands. Due to the mountainous terrain in the tourist area, there are limited opportunities for airports.
WAVT-FM (101.9 FM "T102") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Pottsville, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Pottsville Broadcasting Company and broadcasts a Hot Adult Contemporary format. The station also broadcasts local high school sports and Penn State Nittany Lions football.
WNPC (1060 AM) is a radio station licensed to Newport, Tennessee, United States. The station is owned by Bristol Broadcasting Company, Inc.
Richard M. Goodwin (February 24, 1913 – August 13, 1996) was an American mathematician and economist.
The Archer River is a river located on the Cape York Peninsula, Far North Queensland, Australia. 
The Misery Islands  are an nature reserve established in 1935 in Salem Sound close to the Salem Harbor in Salem, Massachusetts. It is managed by the Trustees of Reservations. 
John Francis "Sean" Lynch (born 22 September 1942) is a former Ireland international rugby union player. 
WHAZ-FM (97.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious format. Licensed to Hoosick Falls, New York, United States, the station serves the easternmost portion of the Capital District, Bennington, Vermont, and North Adams, Massachusetts as a satellite of WHAZ. 
Richard Schweizer (23 December 1899 – 30 March 1965) was a Swiss screenwriter who won the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay in 1945 for his work in "Marie-Louise", as well as the Academy Award for Best Story in 1948 for his work in "The Search". Schweizer also directed the film "Kleine Scheidegg" (1937).
Holy Island is a marshy island located off the northeast coast of Massachusetts, north of Cape Ann. The island is situated immediately west of Plum Island and is part of the Town of Ipswich in Essex County. 
Portsmouth Airport, also known as Portsmouth City Airport and PWA , was situated at the northeast corner of Portsea Island on the south coast of England and was one of the last remaining commercial grass runway airports in the United Kingdom.
The River Bewl is a tributary of the River Teise in Kent, England. Its headwaters are in the High Weald, in Sussex between Lamberhurst, Wadhurst and Flimwell. 
Loulou de la Falaise (; 4 May 1948 – 5 November 2011) was a fashion muse and designer of fashion, accessories and jewellery associated with Yves Saint Laurent. Author Judith Thurman, writing in "The New Yorker" magazine, called La Falaise "the quintessential Rive Gauche haute bohémienne". 
Granit Mikashevichi  is a football club from Mikashevichi, Belarus.
Walter Volle (18 September 1913 – 27 October 2002) was a German rower who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Philip of Hesse-Philippsthal (14 December 1655 – 18 June 1721) was the son of William VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel and Hedwig Sophia of Brandenburg. He was the first landgrave of Hesse-Philippsthal from 1663 to 1721 and the founder of the fifth branch of the house of Hesse.
Be Quick 1887 is a football club from Groningen, Netherlands. The club was established in 1887, and is currently playing in the Derde Divisie. 
He received the 2010 BBVA Foundation Frontiers of Knowledge Award in the biomedicine category, the 2011 Wolf Prize in Medicine with Rudolf Jaenisch, and the 2012 Millennium Technology Prize together with Linus Torvalds. In 2012 he and John Gurdon were awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for the discovery that mature cells can be converted to stem cells. In 2013 he was awarded the $3 million Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for his work.
Albert Henry 'Chelly' Halsey (13 April 1923 – 14 October 2014) was a British sociologist. He was Emeritus Professor of Social and Administrative Studies at the Department of Social Policy and Intervention, University of Oxford, and a Fellow of Nuffield College, Oxford.
Rodarte  is an American brand of clothing and accessories founded and headquartered in Los Angeles, California by sisters Kate and Laura Mulleavy.
Judikje "Jud" Simons (20 August 1904 – 20 March 1943) was a Dutch gymnast who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
The Liberal Populars  were a short-lived Christian-democratic political party in Italy (2008–2009), which currently functions as an internal faction of Identity and Action .
Leroy is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Southey is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada. It is located on Highway 6, 55 km. north of Regina, Saskatchewan, the capital city of the province of Saskatchewan.
The Pustnic is a left tributary of the river Olt in Romania. It flows into the Olt near Miercurea Ciuc.
Jadongcha Sports Club  is a North Korean football club based in Pyongyang, North Korea playing in the DPR Korea League. The club is affiliated with the North Korean Ministry of Land and Maritime Transport.
The Minhaj University Lahore  is a private university located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
Hermann of Dorpat  (1163–1248) was the first Prince-Bishop of the Bishopric of Dorpat (1224–1248) within the Livonian Confederation.
David Chytraeus or Chyträus (26 February 1530, Ingelfingen – 25 June 1600, Rostock) was a German Lutheran theologian, reformer and historian. He was a disciple of Melancthon.
Davidson County Community College  is a multi-campus, public, two-year higher-education institution. The Davidson Campus is centrally located between Lexington and Thomasville, Davidson County, North Carolina and first opened in 1958. The Davie Campus, located in Mocksville, Davie County, North Carolina, opened in 1994.
The Progressive Party , along with their opponent the Partido Regenerador, was a political party in Portugal during the constitutional monarchy at the end of the 19th century.
The Peregrine Fund is a non-profit organization founded in 1970 that conserves threatened and endangered birds of prey worldwide. The successful recovery in the United States of the peregrine falcon, which was removed from the U.S. Endangered Species List in 1999, enabled the organization to expand its mission to include other endangered raptors around the world. 
Zdenko Verdenik (born 2 May 1949) is a Slovenian football manager and former player.
Jacob Fleck (8 November 1881 in Vienna as Jacob Julius Fleck – 19 September 1953, also in Vienna) was an Austrian film director, screenwriter, film producer and cameraman. He is noted for his long-standing professional partnership with his wife Luise Fleck who co-directed his films with him.
The Jernova  is a right tributary of the Mureș in Romania. It is long. 
The Institute for Cosmic Ray Research  of the University of Tokyo  was established in 1976 for the study of cosmic rays.
The National Library of Uganda was established by an Act of Parliament in 2003, replacing the Public Libraries Board itself established in 1964. It is the legal deposit library for Uganda and is under the directorship of Gertrude Kayaga Mulindwa. 
Malcolm Jenkins (born December 20, 1987) is an American football safety for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League . He played college football at Ohio State, earning consensus All-American honors, and winning the Jim Thorpe Award as a senior. He was drafted by the New Orleans Saints in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft.
Riccoldo da Monte di Croce (Italian; 1320) or Ricold of Monte Croce  was an Italian Dominican friar, travel writer, missionary, and Christian apologist. He is most famed for the reports on medieval China contained in his "Book of Travels" or "Itinerary".
Austin Robert Butler (born August 17, 1991) is an American actor and singer. He is known for his roles as James "Wilke" Wilkerson in "Switched at Birth", Jordan Gallagher on "Ruby & The Rockits", Sebastian Kydd in "The Carrie Diaries", and Wil Ohmsford in "The Shannara Chronicles".
The Glasgow Tigers are an American Football Team based in Glasgow, Scotland. Previously, from 1986 until 2001, the team was known as the Strathclyde Sheriffs.
Anthony Edward Tudor Browne (born 11 September 1946, in Sheffield) is a British writer and illustrator of children's books, primarily picture books, with fifty titles to his name. For his lasting contribution as a children's illustrator he won the biennial international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 2000, the highest recognition available to creators of children's books. 
The Xar Moron river  is a river in Inner Mongolia, in northeast China. It flows through the grasslands of that region, forming a valley that is hospitable to both farming and herding. 
Charles d'Authier de Rochefort (7 July 1887 – 31 January 1952) was a French film actor of the silent era. He appeared in 34 films between 1911 and 1932. 
Ansar Burney (; born 14 August 1956) is a leading Pakistani human and civil rights activist and former caretaker minister in Soomro cabinet in 2007–08. He graduated with Masters in Law from Karachi University. 
George Claridge Druce, MA, LLD, JP, FRS, FLS (23 May 1850 – 29 February 1932) was an English botanist and a Mayor of Oxford.
Tanel Kangert (born 11 March 1987) is an Estonian road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . After the 2009 season, he was sacked by his team, , because of a knee injury that nearly ended his career.
Raja Haji Fisabilillah International Airport , formerly Kijang Airport, is an international airport located in Tanjung Pinang, Bintan, Riau Islands, Indonesia. It is the second largest airport in Riau Islands, after the Hang Nadim International Airport in Batam.
Northwick Park is a large green public park between Harrow and Kenton in northwest London, forming part of the London Borough of Brent. Most of the park consists of playing fields. 
Robin Byron Lopez (born April 1, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association . He was selected with the 15th pick in the 2008 NBA draft by the Phoenix Suns, was traded to the New Orleans Hornets in 2012 and was traded to Portland in 2013. He played college basketball for the Stanford Cardinal alongside his twin brother Brook Lopez, who currently plays for the Milwaukee Bucks.
Coroebus of Elis, commonly spelled Koroibos , was a Greek cook, baker and athlete from Elis, who won the stadion race in the first recorded Ancient Olympic Games in 776 BC.
Robert Graham (3 December 1786 – 7 August 1845) was a Scottish physician and botanist.
Bessan is a commune in the Hérault department of the Occitanie region in France. Its inhabitants are known as 'Bessanais' in French.
Aumelas  is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.
Abeilhan is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
The Shashe River  is a major left-bank tributary of the Limpopo River in Zimbabwe. It rises northwest of Francistown, Botswana and flows into the Limpopo River where Botswana, Zimbabwe and South Africa meet. 
The Vaslui is a left tributary of the river Bârlad in Romania. It discharges into the Bârlad south of the city Vaslui. 
Svetlana Leontief Alpers (born February 10, 1936) is an American art historian, also a professor, writer and critic. Her specialty is Dutch Golden Age painting, a field she revolutionized with her 1984 book "The Art of Describing". She has also written on Tiepolo, Rubens, Bruegel, and Velázquez, among others.
China Overseas Land and Investment Limited , "China Overseas" or "COLI" in short form and the subsidiary of China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited, was incorporated in Hong Kong in June 1979. It is engaged in construction and contracting, property development and infrastructure investment, with operations currently in Hong Kong, Macau and Mainland China.
Azy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
The Alberta Greens, also known as the Green Party of Alberta, was a provincial political party in the province of Alberta, Canada.
Diego Ulissi (born 15 July 1989) is an Italian road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Daniel Mark Buechlein, OSB (April 20, 1938 – January 25, 2018) was a Benedictine monk and an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as the third Bishop of Memphis from 1987 until he was appointed the fifth Archbishop of Indianapolis from July 14, 1992. 
ABC Radio Hobart (call sign: 7ZR) is the ABC Local Radio station for Hobart, Tasmania, owned by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. It currently broadcasts on 936 kHz on the AM band. 
Jonathan Davies (born 5 April 1988) is a Welsh professional rugby union player who plays at centre for the Scarlets and the Wales national team.
Limbri is a small village on Swamp Oak Creek, about 30 km east northeast of Tamworth and about 8 km east southeast of Moonbi in northern New South Wales, Australia. The population of the Limbri region in 2006 was 259.
Luverdense Esporte Clube is a Brazilian football team from Lucas do Rio Verde. They won the Campeonato Mato-Grossense twice and competed several times in the Série C. In 2013 gained access to Série B. 
The Chizdia is a right tributary of the river Bega in Romania. It discharges into the Bega near Chizătău.
Anna of Savoy, born Giovanna (1306–1365) was a Byzantine Empress consort, as the second spouse of Andronikos III Palaiologos. She served as regent during the minority of her son from 1341 until 1347.
Bourg-Blanc  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Dirinon  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Goulven  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.
The Romos or Romoșel  is a left tributary of the river Mureș in Romania. It discharges into the Mureș near Geoagiu.
Petite Terre Islands  are two small uninhabited islands located about to the south-east of the island of Grande-Terre , in the Lesser Antilles. These two islands are named Petite Terre  in contrast with the much larger Grande-Terre  island.
Gilbert Joseph Gaspard, comte de Chabrol de Volvic (25 September 1773, Riom, Puy-de-Dôme – 30 April 1843, Paris) was a French official.
Landivisiau  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France. The journalist Luc Le Vaillant, winner of the 1998 Albert Londres Prize was born in Landivisiau.
Blanca Margarita Ovelar de Duarte (born September 2, 1957) is a Paraguayan politician and former Minister of Education. She was the Colorado Party's nominee for president in the April 2008 presidential election, in which she was defeated.
Zachary Adam Gordon (born February 15, 1998) is an American actor. Beginning his professional acting career at the age of eight, Gordon is a three-time Young Artist Award Best Leading Young Actor nominee, best known for playing Greg Heffley in the first three films of the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" film franchise.
Yugoimport–SDPR  is a Serbian state-owned intermediary company for the import and export of defense-related equipment, with the headquarters in Belgrade, Serbia.
Pay Money to My Pain  was a Japanese alternative rock/metal band. All of the band's lyrics are in English.
Loc-Eguiner  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Loqueffret  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Pleuven  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Achery is a French commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
WLPR-FM is an FM noncommercial, public radio station broadcasting on 89.1 MHz in Lowell, Indiana and serving Northwest Indiana. The station is owned and operated by Northwest Indiana Public Broadcasting, Inc., which also owns PBS member station WYIN (channel 56), serving as an alternative to Chicago's WBEZ in the Chicago market's eastern reaches. 
Ailly-le-Haut-Clocher is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Plouarzel  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Guy XIV de Laval, François de Montfort-Laval, (28 January 1406 – 2 September 1486, Châteaubriant), comte de Laval, baron de Vitré and of La Roche-Bernard, seigneur of Gâvre, of Acquigny, of Tinténiac, of Montfort and Gaël, of Bécherel, was a French nobleman, known for his account of Joan of Arc. He and his brother André de Lohéac were simultaneously vassals of the duke of Brittany and of the king of France.
Ploumoguer  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
The Mole River, a watercourse that is one of the Border Rivers and part of the Macintyre catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.
Sekong  is the capital city of Sekong Province, Laos. It was created in 1984 after a decision was made that Ban Phon's unexploded ordnances made it uninhabitable.
FC Torpedo-ZIL  was a Russian football club from Moscow.
Saint-Pabu  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Prudhomat is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Fajac-en-Val is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Ladern-sur-Lauquet is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Sibiril  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Matthew Brett Cardona (born May 14, 1985) is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Zack Ryder.
Elisha Dyer (July 20, 1811 – May 17, 1890) was an American politician and the 25th Governor of Rhode Island.
Mayres-Savel is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France. Its inhabitants are called "Mayrants" or "Mayrantes" in French. 
Ethel Minnie Lackie (February 10, 1907 – December 15, 1979), also known by her married name Ethel Watkins, was an American competition swimmer, Olympic champion, and world record-holder.
Vaujany is a commune in the canton of Oisans-Romanche, in the Isère department in southeastern France. The village is picturesque, with excellent views of the Grand Galbert mountain at the head of the valley. 
Martin Cooper (born 1 October 1958, Liverpool, England) is a painter and a musician. He is the secondary keyboardist and occasional saxophonist for the band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, whom he first joined in 1980.
Sassenage is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Monestier-de-Clermont is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Serpaize is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Pont-en-Royans is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Choranche is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Biviers  is a commune in the Isère département in southeastern France.
Adelaide T. Lambert (October 27, 1907 – April 17, 1996), also known by her married name Adelaide Ballard, was an American competition swimmer who earned a gold medal as a member of winning U.S. team in the women's 4×100-meter freestyle relay at the 1928 Summer Olympics, setting a new world record in the process. Lambert was the Amateur Athletic Union  champion in freestyle, backstroke, and the individual medley events.
Les Adrets is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France. It is situated 30 km northeast of Grenoble. It is one of the commune of the Les sept Laux winter sports resort.
Whitemud Creek is a tributary of the North Saskatchewan River in central Alberta, Canada.
Colombier-le-Cardinal is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
The Keith and Dufftown Railway is a historic railway in Scotland that ran between Dufftown and Keith. The company was formed in 1857, the line was opened in 1862, and it was absorbed by the Great North of Scotland Railway in 1866.
Monflanquin  is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France. Built in 1256 as a military bastide town on a strategic north-south route, it changed hands several times during the Hundred Years' War.
Jack Chapman Medica (October 5, 1914 – April 15, 1985) was an American competition swimmer, Olympic champion, and former world record-holder in two events.
Inna Mikhailovna Churikova (, born 5 October 1943) is a Soviet and Russian film and theatre actress.
Mas de Daumas Gassac is a French wine producer from the wine region Languedoc, classified as Vin de Pays de l'Hérault due to its use of grape varieties outside specifications of its AOC. The winery, producing both white and red wine, is located in the south of France, in the commune of Aniane. 
Ignatas Konovalovas (born 8 December 1985) is a Lithuanian road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . Konovalovas has won the Lithuanian National Time Trial Championships seven times, in 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2013, 2016 and 2017.
WLSS is a radio station serving the Sarasota, Florida area with a news/talk format. It broadcasts on AM frequency 930 kHz and is under ownership of Salem Communications.
WWFF-FM is an American radio station licensed to New Market, Alabama, and serving the Huntsville, Alabama, market. Owned by Cumulus Media, the station broadcasts a classic-leaning country music format branded as "93.3 Nash Icon". Studios are in Athens, Alabama while its transmitter is in Huntsville.
Jutta Lau (born 28 September 1955 in Wustermark) is a German rower, who competed for the SG Dynamo Potsdam / Sportvereinigung  Dynamo. She won the medals at the international rowing competitions.
The Geoagiu  is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Romania. It discharges into the Mureș in Geoagiu.
Gaianes  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Comtat, Alicante, Valencia, Spain.
Lucena del Cid is a municipality in the "comarca" of Alcalatén, province of Castellon, Valencian Community, Spain.
Montanejos is a municipality in the "comarca" of Alto Mijares, Castellón, Valencia, Spain.
Gaibiel is a municipality in the "comarca" of Alto Palancia, Castellón, Valencia, Spain.
Farges is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Rashtriya Loktantrik Party  is an Indian political party. It was founded by Hanuman Beniwal an independent MLA from Khinvsar, Nagaur, Rajasthan. The party was established on October, 29, 2018 ahead of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly elections. 
The Pars Museum  is a museum in Shiraz, Fars Province, southern Iran. Founded in 1936 under Reza Shah Pahlavi, it is located in Nazar Garden.
Cullulleraine is a small town located on the Sturt Highway in north-western Victoria, Australia. It is located west of Mildura and north of Werrimull.
Gudhjem is a small town and fishing port on the northern coast of the Baltic island of Bornholm, Denmark. Its population is 715 (1 January 2015).
Hermann Wagner (23 June 1840 – 18 June 1929) was a German geographer and cartographer who was a native of Erlangen. He was the son of anatomist Rudolf Wagner (1805–1864) and brother to economist Adolph Wagner (1835–1917).
The University of Science and Culture  is located in Tehran, Iran. University of Science and Culture is a research institution and university of engineering, science and art, offering both undergraduate and postgraduate studies. 
Emery Telcom is a telecommunications company, which provides Phone Service, DSL Service, Cable TV and Cable Internet to much of eastern and south eastern Utah. Emery Telcom was founded in 1950 as a cooperative in Orangeville, Utah. 
Kurt David Grote (born August 3, 1973) is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic gold medalist. Grote competed internationally in the breaststroke events during the 1990s.
Tom L. Beauchamp is an American philosopher specializing in philosophy of David Hume, moral philosophy, bioethics, and animal ethics. He is Professor of Philosophy at Georgetown University, and Senior Research Scholar at the University's Kennedy Institute of Ethics.
Vinacomin  is a Vietnamese mining company. The industrial conglomerate focuses on coal and mineral mining and has headquarters in Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh Province.
The Museo Nazionale della Magna Grecia , Museo Archeologico Nazionale di Reggio Calabria  or Palazzo Piacentini is a museum in Reggio Calabria, southern Italy, housing an archaeological collection from sites in Magna Graecia.
Oleg Vladimirovitch Polunin (November 1914 – July 1985) was an English botanist, teacher and traveller. He was one of three sons to the artists Vladimir  and Elizabeth Polunin. 
Princess Luise Eleonore of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (11 August 1763, in Langenburg – 30 April 1837, in Meiningen) was a German regent. She was duchess of Saxe-Meiningen by marriage to George I, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, and Regent of Saxe-Meiningen during the minority of her son from 1803 to 1821. 
Armand de Camboust, duc de Coislin (1 September 1635, Paris – 16 September 1702) was a French lieutenant général des armées du roi, and a duke and peer of France. The son of a colonel in the Swiss Guards, he was elected a member of the Académie française in 1652 aged 16 and a half. 
Karl-Heinrich Erich Moritz von Groddeck (19 July 1936 – 14 December 2011) was a German rower who won three Olympic medals for the United Team of Germany: a silver in the coxed pairs in 1956 and a gold and a silver in the eights in 1960 and 1964, respectively. He also won one world and five European titles in these two rowing events between 1956 and 1964 for West Germany. 
Charles S. Maier (born February 23, 1939, in New York City) is the Leverett Saltonstall Professor of History at Harvard University. He teaches European and international history at Harvard.
The University of Santo Tomas College of Science, popularly known as "UST Science", is the Pure Sciences school of the University of Santo Tomas, the oldest and the largest Catholic university in Manila, Philippines.
Edeirnion or Edeyrnion is an area of the county of Denbighshire and an ancient commote of medieval Wales in the cantref of Penllyn. According to tradition, it was named after its eponymous founder Edern or Edeyrn. 
Omladinski fudbalski klub Bar was a Montenegrin football club based in the town of Bar. Club existed from 2001 to 2012.
Plaridel Airport  is an airport serving the general area of Plaridel, located in the province of Bulacan in the Philippines. The Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation that is responsible for the operations for 81 out of 85 government-owned airports, manages the facility and classifies it as a community airport.
Lee Bum-young (born 2 April 1989) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Jeonbuk Hyundai in the K League 1. His younger brother Lee Bum-soo is also a footballer.
Valle de la Serena is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 1,457 (2007) and an area of 121.4 km².
Charters Towers Airport is an airport located north of Charters Towers, Queensland, Australia.
The Entreprise nationale de radiodiffusion sonore  is Algeria's state-owned public radio broadcasting organization.
Vernais is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Bastelica is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.
Boisseuilh is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
Bayac is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
Serra-di-Ferro is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.
Basville is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Bourganeuf  is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Chambon-Sainte-Croix is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
La Chaussade is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Dontreix is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Gioux is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Leyrat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Les Mars is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Moutier-Rozeille is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Pionnat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
The river Petite Creuse forms part of the commune's northeastern border.
Forest-Saint-Julien is an commune of the Hautes-Alpes department in Southeastern France.
Soubrebost is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Vigeville is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Champcella is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Montgardin is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Les Vigneaux is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Le Saix is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
La Roche-des-Arnauds  is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Choi Hyeon-ju (최현주, ; born August 6, 1984, in Jeonbuk) is a South Korean female archer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed for her country in the Women's team event, where they won gold in the team event.
Clarissa Cristina dos Santos (born March 10, 1988) is a Brazilian professional basketball player for the San Antonio Stars of the Women's National Basketball Association .
Jutatip Maneephan (; born 8 July 1988) is a Thai road bicycle racer and track cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Team . 
Boolgeeda Airport is an airport serving the Brockman 4 mine in Western Australia.
Kambalda Airport serves St Ives Gold Mine near Kambalda, Western Australia.
Shay Gap Airport is located near Shay Gap, Western Australia.
Fernanda Garay Rodrigues (born May 10, 1986 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player who won the 2012 Summer Olympics gold medal with the Brazil national team. She is tall. She plays with Praia Clube.
Hannah Louise Macleod, (born 9 June 1984) is an English field hockey player.
Tombos or Tumbus is an archaeological site and an island in northern Sudan. The village and the island are located at the third cataract of the Nile, not far from Kerma near the present Karmah. 
Putnok VSE is a Hungarian football club located in Putnok, Hungary. It currently plays in Hungarian National Championship II. 
For the Native language!  was a political party in Latvia. The party's leader was Vladimir Linderman.
Daniel Becke (born 12 March 1978 in Erfurt), is a former road bicycle and track cyclist from Germany, who was born in the former East Germany. He won a gold medal in the team pursuit at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. 
Kim Ekdahl du Rietz (born 23 July 1989) is a Swedish handball player who plays for Paris Saint-Germain and for Swedish national team.
Al-Sareeh SC is a Jordanian football club which is based in the district of Al-Sareeh in Irbid, Jordan. The football club competes in the Jordan league.
Lichfield City Football Club is a football club based in Lichfield, Staffordshire, England. They are members of the and play at the City Ground.
Aiginiakos Football Club is a professional association football club, based in Aiginio, Pieria, Greece. The club plays in the Gamma Ethniki, the fourth tier of Greek football. 
Gijs van Hoecke (born 12 November 1991) is a Belgian cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Lao Police Club is a football club based in Vientiane, Laos. They were champions of the Lao League in 2012.
ACS FC Olt Slatina  was a Romanian professional football club from Slatina, Olt County, Romania, founded in 2006 and dissolved in 2015.
The Charles A. Halbert Public Library is the main library in Saint Kitts and Nevis. In 1982 a fire destroyed the entire building.
Anadolu Anonim Türk Sigorta Şirketi , established on April 1, 1925 by Atatürk, was the first national insurance company of Turkey. It remains one of the largest insurance companies in the country.
An Giang Football Club  is a professional football club, based in An Giang Province, Vietnam. They are now playing in V.League 2.
The Socialist Party of Canada  is a socialist political party in Canada.
Arronnes  is a French commune in the Allier department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of central France.
Bessay-sur-Allier is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Busset is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Chouvigny is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Le Donjon is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Gipcy is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Lavault-Sainte-Anne is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Le Mayet-de-Montagne is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Montvicq is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Saint-Bonnet-de-Four is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Saint-Pont is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France. The poet Alain Borne (1915–1962), winner of the 1954 Prix Antonin-Artaud was born in Saint-Pont.
Teillet-Argenty is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Vallon-en-Sully is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Ygrande is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Beaujeu  is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.
Cruis is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Estoublon is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in southeastern France.
Lardiers is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Montfuron is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Oppedette is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Revest-des-Brousses is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Saint-Julien-du-Verdon is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Sigonce is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Turriers is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Vergons is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Mirabeau is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Willy Kaiser-Heyl (4 August 1876 – 2 December 1953) was a German film actor. He appeared in 92 films between 1919 and 1952. He was born in Frankfurt, Germany and died in Berlin.
Montclus is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Saint-Firmin is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
The Valea Muntelui is a left tributary of the river Talna in Romania. It flows into the Talna in Orașu Nou.
Lee Parry (14 January 1901 – 24 January 1977) was a German film actress of the silent era. She appeared in 48 films between 1919 and 1939. She was born Mathilde Benz in Munich, Germany and died in Bad Tölz, Bavaria, Germany.
Beaumont-en-Argonne is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Barby is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of northern France.
Les Grandes-Armoises is a commune in the Ardennes department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Lumes is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Neufmanil is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Prez is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Arpad Sterbik Capar (, ; ; born 20 November 1979) is a Spanish handball player for Telekom Veszprém and the Spanish national team.
The Sormonne River flows through the commune before flowing into the Meuse River.
Les Vans  commune in the Ardèche department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southern France.
Arrout is a commune in the Ariège department in the Occitanie region of south-western France.
La Bastide-de-Bousignac is a French commune in the Ariège department in the Occitanie region of south-western France.
Couflens  is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
Orgeix is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
Treffendel  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Thourie  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Avreuil is a commune in the Aube department in the Grand Est region of north-central France.
Bayel is a French commune in the Aube department in the Grand Est region of north-central France.
The Barse flows through the commune.
Essoyes is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Neuville-sur-Vanne is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Mont-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Albas  is a commune in the Aude department in the Occitanie region of southern France.
Bagnoles is a commune in the Aude department in the Occitanie region of southern France.
Yoon Kyung-shin (born July 7, 1973 in Seoul) is a Korean handball player. He was voted World Player of the Year 2001 by the International Handball Federation.
Feuilla  is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Gruissan is a commune in the Aude department in southern France. The historian Émile Raunié (1854–1911) was born in Gruissan.
Lauraguel  is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Marsa is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Montjoi is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Palaja is a small French town, located in the department of Aude in Occitanie region. It is part of the urban area of Carcassonne.
Plavilla is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Roullens is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Tourouzelle is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Red Berets Football Club was a football club based in Nakuru, Kenya. It was based in Nairobi until 2007.
Auriac-Lagast is a commune in the Aveyron department in the Occitanie region of southern France.
Campuac  is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Montpeyroux is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France. Residents of the commune are referred to as "Montpeirosiens".
Rignac  is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Salmiech is a commune in the Aveyron department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Bassemberg  is a French commune in the Bas-Rhin department in the Alsace region of north-eastern France.
Roz-Landrieux  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Bitschhoffen is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Breuschwickersheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Retiers  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Dangolsheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Dorlisheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Durstel  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Eywiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Furdenheim  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Gries is a commune in the Bas-Rhin département in Grand Est in north-eastern France, a short distance to the south-southeast of Haguenau.
Poilley  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Hindisheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Hurtigheim  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Keskastel is a commune in the northwest of the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Kriegsheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin département in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Lembach is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Mackwiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Mittelschaeffolsheim  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Neuviller-la-Roche  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Oberbronn is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Offwiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
La Petite-Pierre  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Reipertswiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Rohrwiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Saint-Martin  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Scharrachbergheim-Irmstett is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Sermersheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Struth is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Urbeis is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Wangenbourg-Engenthal  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Wilwisheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Zeinheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Marshall B. Ketchum University is a private university focused on graduate programs in healthcare and located in Fullerton, California. MBKU expanded from the Southern California College of Optometry which was founded in 1904. 
Nouvoitou  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Montreuil-le-Gast  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Chappes is a commune in the Aube département in north-central France.
Breitenau is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Wingen is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Puilaurens  is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Meillac  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
LAPD Hooper Heliport is a city-owned private-use heliport located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Los Angeles, in Los Angeles County, California, United States.
Boismont is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Albepierre-Bredons is a French commune in the département of Cantal and Auvergne region of south-central France.
Arnac  is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Chanterelle is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Escorailles is a commune in the département of Cantal in south-central France.
Jussac is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Laveissenet is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Montsalvy is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Raulhac, not to be confused with the hamlet Raulhac in the Corrèze department, is a commune in the Cantal department" in south-central France.
Sainte-Marie  is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Landujan  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Velzic is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Abzac  is a French commune in the Charente department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
Angeduc is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Montclar is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Le Monteil is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Adil Rami (; ; born 27 December 1985) is a French professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Marseille.
Bouttencourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Hirel  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Double O Radio was a privately held media corporation with corporate headquarters in Charleston, South Carolina. At its peak, Double O Radio owned 28 radio stations in the United States.
The United States House of Representatives elections in California, 1916 was an election for California's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 7, 1916. The delegation's only Independent incumbent retired and the open seat was won by the Democrats.
The United States House of Representatives elections in California, 1906 was an election for California's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 6, 1906. All eight districts remained Republican.
Benest is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Bourg-Charente is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Cellettes is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Chassors is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
The United States House of Representatives elections in California, 1892 was an election for California's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 8, 1892. California gained one seat as a result of the 1890 Census, which was won by the Populist Party. 
Chillac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Armancourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Fouqueure is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Hiersac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Lesterps  is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Marsac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Mornac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Paizay-Naudouin-Embourie is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Puymoyen is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Saint-Simeux is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Vaux-Rouillac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Villejoubert is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Antezant-la-Chapelle is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Barzan is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Bran is a small commune in southwestern France situated in the department of Charente-Maritime.
Chadenac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. Chadenac has a notable romanesque church and a small museum containing Merovingian and Roman artefacts. 
Chives is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Courcelles is a commune in the southwestern French department of Charente-Maritime.
Le Douhet is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Le Grand-Village-Plage is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. It is situated on the Île-d'Oléron.
Lozay is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Meschers-sur-Gironde is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Le Mung is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Puilboreau is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Saint-Aigulin is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Saint-Georges-de-Longuepierre is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Saint-Nazaire-sur-Charente is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Saint-Seurin-de-Palenne is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Semussac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Tonnay-Charente is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Virollet is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Claix is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Vars is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Le Gua is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Sonnac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Dalian Shide Siwu Football Club  was a Chinese professional football club which was formed to play as a foreign team in Singapore's S.League in 2008.
Canchy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Saint-Ambroix is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Chambon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Genouilly is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Quincy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Subligny is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
WNGN (91.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Argyle, New York, United States, the station serves the Saratoga area. 
The Edinburgh and Northern Railway was a railway company authorised in 1845 to connect Edinburgh to both Perth and Dundee. It relied on ferry crossings of the Firth of Forth and the Firth of Tay, but despite those disadvantages it proved extremely successful. 
Campile is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica. Since 2015, it is part of the canton of Golo-Morosaglia.
Campana is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Matra is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Tox is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Arnaldo Edi Lopes da Silva (born 7 July 1982), known as Edinho, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a striker.
Ix is a fictional region in The Oz series of novels created by L. Frank Baum. It neighbors the Land of Oz and Noland, and is ruled by the centuries-old witch-queen Zixi.
Crevin  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
La Chapelle-Janson  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in north-western France.
Saint-Thurial  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Saint-Malon-sur-Mel  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Saint-Gilles  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Saint-Didier  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Calvignac is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Beyssenac is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.
Saint-Germain-Laval is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Annoix is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Belleville-sur-Loire is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Cerbois is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Colombiers is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Dampierre-en-Crot is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Givardon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Jussy-Champagne is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Lunery is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Mornay-Berry is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Feignies is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Presly is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Saint-Denis-de-Palin is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Saint-Loup-des-Chaumes is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Savigny-en-Septaine is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Thauvenay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Guayaquil City F.C. (known as "C.D. River Ecuador" until 2017) is an Ecuadorian professional football club based in Guayaquil. They currently play in the country's first-level football league—the Serie A—after gaining promotion from the segunda-level Primera Categoria.
Carlos Arturo Bacca Ahumada (; born 8 September 1986) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Villarreal and the Colombia national team.
Aaron Wiremu Cruden (born 8 January 1989) is a New Zealand rugby union player, who plays for Montpellier, and formerly Manawatu, Chiefs, and the New Zealand internationally. Cruden's usual position is first five-eighth .
Kevin John Nichols, OAM (born 4 July 1955 in Grafton, New South Wales) is a former track cyclist and Olympic gold medallist.
Jan Jakob Maria de Groot (18 February 185424 September 1921) was a Dutch sinologist and historian of religion. He taught at the Leiden University and later at the University of Berlin, and is chiefly remembered for his monumental work, "The Religious System of China, Its Ancient Forms, Evolution, History and Present Aspect, Manners, Customs and Social Institutions Connected Therewith". 
Henry II (5 March 1133 – 6 July 1189), also known as Henry Curtmantle , Henry FitzEmpress or Henry Plantagenet, ruled as King of England, Duke of Normandy and Aquitaine, Count of Anjou, Maine, and Nantes, and Lord of Ireland; at various times, he also partially controlled Scotland, Wales and the Duchy of Brittany. Before he was 40 he controlled England, large parts of Wales, the eastern half of Ireland and the western half of France—an area that would later come to be called the Angevin Empire.
The Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate  is a specialty museum and non-profit educational institution on Columbia Point in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, next to the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum on the University of Massachusetts Boston campus. Named for U.S. Senator Edward M. "Ted" Kennedy, the Institute contains a full-scale reproduction of the United States Senate Chamber, a replica of Senator Kennedy’s Washington, D.C. office, and digital exhibits.
Laurine van Riessen (born 10 August 1987) is a long track speed skater and track cyclist. She competed for the Netherlands at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver in the 500, 1000, and 1500 metres and won the bronze medal in the 1000 metres. In 2015, she switched to track cycling and won a bronze medal in the team sprint at the 2015 UEC European Track Championships in Grenchen, Switzerland.
CJFO-FM  is a radio station which broadcasts a francophone community radio format on the frequency 94.5 FM/MHz in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
KBRU is a commercial radio station located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, broadcasting to the Oklahoma City area on 94.7 FM. KBRU airs a Mainstream rock format branded as "94.7 The Brew". Owned by iHeartMedia, its transmitter is located in Northeast Oklahoma City, and studios are located at the 50 Penn Place building on the Northwest side.
The Catholic University of Mechelen  was a university that was founded in Mechelen , Belgium, on November 8, 1834 by the bishops of Belgium.
Jon Lilygreen (born 4 August 1987) is a Welsh singer, who along with the band The Islanders represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo, Norway, with the song "Life Looks Better in Spring" and they took the 21st place out of 39 entrants. He is also a songwriting duo along with Jon Maguire.
Jammu Kashmir Peoples Party  is a political party of the self-governing state, Azad Kashmir located in Pakistan administered Kashmir. The main center of politics of JKPP is Azad Kashmir.
Chae Shi-ra (born June 25, 1968) is a South Korean actress born in Seoul. Since 1990, Chae has firmly established her acting career with "Eyes of Dawn" in the 1990s, she was referred to as a representative actress of the period along with Kim Hee-ae and Ha Hee-ra.
Geo. Hattersley was a textile machinery manufacturer from Keighley, West Yorkshire in England, founded in 1789 and responsible for the Hattersley Standard Loom and other types of looms.
Gangavalli River is one of the many small rivers that originates and flows entirely within the western part of state of Karnataka in India. The National Highway 17  continues on the Hosur Bridge the bridge built over Gangavali River and the road continues to split the Ankola and Kumta regions to connect Uttar Kannada district to Dharwar and Mangalore area.
Lee Soon-jae (born October 10, 1935)is a South Korean actor. He has had a prolific career on the small and big screen spanning over six decades, and was given a second-class Eungwan Order of Cultural Merit for his work as an actor.
Peter Prevc (; born 20 September 1992) is a Slovenian ski jumper. He is one of the sport's most successful contemporary athletes, having won the 2016 Ski Jumping World Cup overall title and two Olympic medals, silver and bronze at the 2014 Winter Olympics. 
Samut Sakhon Football Club  is a Thai professional football club based in Samut Sakhon Province, administrating by Samut Sakhon Provincial Administrative Organization . They currently play in Thai League 2.
The New Jersey Legislative Council was the upper house of the New Jersey Legislature under the New Jersey Constitution of 1776 until it was replaced by the New Jersey Senate under the Constitution of 1844.
Gazelle FC is a football club from Chad based in N'Djamena. The club currently play in the Chad Premier League, the top flight of Chadian football.
Princess Maria Antonia of the Two Sicilies (Maria Antonietta Giuseppa Anna; 19 December 1814 – 7 November 1898) was the Grand Duchess of Tuscany from 1833 to 1859 as the consort of Leopold II. In signature, she used "Maria Antonietta".
Lonnie Kjer (née Devantier; born 28 November 1972) is a Danish singer best known for having represented Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest.
SBB Vukovi Beograd are an American football team from Belgrade, Serbia. After establishing in 2003, in just few years SBB Vukovi have become one of the best-organized and most successful American football teams in Eastern Europe. 
Francisco Gregorio Billini Aristi (May 25, 1844 – November 28, 1898 in Santo Domingo) was a Dominican writer, pedagogue, and politician. Supported by the former president Ulises Heureaux, he won the national elections in 1884, and served as the 23rd president of the Dominican Republic, from September 1, 1884 to May 16, 1885. 
The Philosophy Documentation Center is a non-profit publisher and resource center that provides access to scholarly materials in applied ethics, classics, philosophy, religious studies, and related disciplines. It publishes academic journals, conference proceedings, anthologies, and online research databases, often in cooperation with scholarly and professional associations. 
KXPL (1060 AM, "La Voz 1060") is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish News/Talk format. Licensed to El Paso, Texas, United States, the station is owned by New Radio System, Inc., a United States corporation operating the station on behalf of Mexican radio station operator Radiorama.
Franz Seitz Jr. (22 October 1921 – 19 January 2006) was a German film producer, screenwriter and film director. He produced 74 films between 1951 and 2006. 
The Idrisid Emirate of Asir was a state located on the Arabian Peninsula. The Emirate was located in the geographical region of Jizan in what is now southwestern Saudi Arabia. 
Vermont is a seaside town in the Western Cape province of South Africa. Located near Cape Town, the town adjoins the settlement of Onrusrivier and is also close to the town of Hermanus.
Bangladesh Ordnance Factories  is the largest industrial supplier of the Bangladesh Army. Situated in Gazipur, it produces arms, ammunition, and equipment for the Bangladesh Armed Forces.
Pride Microfinance Limited , is a microfinance deposit-taking institution  in Uganda. It is licensed by the Bank of Uganda, the central bank and national banking regulator.
Helen Grant (born 28 September 1961) is a British Conservative Party politician. She has served as the Member of Parliament  for Maidstone and The Weald since 2010, when she succeeded Ann Widdecombe.
Lancaster Airport was an airport about northwest of Lancaster, California. It was closed in the late 1940s and is now a housing development.
Karosa  is a bus manufacturer in Vysoké Mýto, a town in the Czech Republic. It was the biggest manufacturer of buses in Czechoslovakia. In 2007 its name was changed to Iveco Czech Republic, and now the company produces buses under the name Irisbus.
Alexander Mark David Oxlade-Chamberlain (born 15 August 1993) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Liverpool and the England national team.
Reginald Leon Williams II (born September 14, 1986) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Science City Jena of the Basketball Bundesliga . He played college basketball for the Virginia Military Institute .
Morpeth Town Association Football Club is a football club based in Morpeth, Northumberland, England. They are currently members of the and play at Craik Park.
Meathook Seed was an industrial metal project formed in 1992 by Napalm Death guitarist Mitch Harris.
Emmanuel Djelassem Nadingar (born 1951) is a Chadian politician who served as Prime Minister of Chad from March 2010 to January 2013.
Edward Michael Balls (born 25 February 1967) is a retired British Labour and Co-operative politician who was the member of parliament  for Normanton from 2005 to 2010, and for Morley and Outwood from 2010 to 2015.
Napoleonic Spain was the part of Spain loyal to Joseph I during the Peninsular War (1808–1813) after the country was partially occupied by French forces. During this period, the country was considered a client state of the First French Empire.
Christopher Meledandri (; born May 15, 1959) is an American film producer and the founder, CEO and owner of Illumination. He is best known as the producer of the "Despicable Me" franchise.
Svetlana Alekseevna Gannushkina (, born 6 March 1942) is a mathematician and human rights activist in Russia who was reported to have been a serious contender for the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize.
The Helsinki Regional Transport Authority  is the inter-municipal authority that maintains the public transportation network of the nine municipalities of Greater Helsinki, Finland. 
Alice of Courtenay, Countess of Angoulême (1160 – 12 February 1218) was a French noblewoman of the House of Courtenay. Her father was Peter I of Courtenay and her brother was Peter II of Courtenay, Latin Emperor of Constantinople. Alice married twice; by her second husband, Aymer Taillefer, Count of Angoulême, she was the mother of Isabella of Angoulême, who was Queen consort of England, as the wife of King John.
KNCW (92.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Omak, Washington, United States, the station is currently owned by North Cascades Broadcasting, Inc. and features programming from Citadel Media and Dial Global.
The Leitha Mountains or, less frequently, Leitha Hills , are a range of hills in Austria lying on the boundary between Lower Austria and Burgenland.
Vadim Zinovyevich Rabinovich , born 4 August 1953 in Kharkiv, Soviet Union, is a Ukrainian Jewish businessman, politician, president of the All-Ukrainian Jewish Congress, leader of the For life party, presidential candidate in the 2014 elections and former deputy of the Ukraine VIII faction of the Opposition Bloc. Currently he is a member of the pro-Russian block Opposition Platform – For Life.
Allyn River, a perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment, is located in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.
The Cologne-Minden Railway Company  was along with the Bergisch-Märkische Railway Company and the Rhenish Railway Company one of the railway companies that in the mid-19th century built the first railways in the Ruhr and large parts of today's North Rhine-Westphalia.
The Be Good Tanyas are a Canadian folk music group formed in 1999 in Vancouver, British Columbia. Their influences include folk, country, and bluegrass. 
Jinnah International Airport  is Pakistan's busiest international and domestic airport, and handled 6,697,073 passengers in 2017-2018. Located in Karachi, the largest city and commercial capital of Pakistan and capital of the province of Sindh, it is named after Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan.
The Nura River  is a major watercourse of northeast-central Kazakhstan. It is about long and drains an area of . 
TerraPower is a nuclear reactor design company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, United States. 
The Socialist Party of Washington was the Washington state section of the Socialist Party of America , an organization originally established as a federation of semi-autonomous state organizations.
WKVL (850 AM, "Rocky Top Sports") is a radio station licensed to Maryville, Tennessee, United States. The station serves the Knoxville area. 
Gustav A. Olsen-Berg (March 31, 1862 – August 19, 1896) was a Norwegian typographer and politician . He was the chairman of the Norwegian Labour Party 1893–1894.
DYAP (765 kHz Palawan) Radyo Patrol Palawan is a commercial broadcast radio station owned by Palawan Broadcasting Corporation affiliated to ABS-CBN Corporation, located at the ABS-CBN Broadcast Center, Corner of Mabini and Valencia Streets, Barangay Masipag, Puerto Princesa, Palawan.
Cruit Island  is a small inhabited island in the Rosses region of County Donegal, Ireland. It is linked to the mainland by bridge.
Dominique O'Neal Jones (born October 15, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Jilin Northeast Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association . A noted scorer in college, Jones had the second-highest scoring average in the Big East conference during the 2009–10 season.
Michel Roger (born 9 March 1949) was the Minister of State of Monaco.
Choi Jin-young (; November 17, 1970 – March 29, 2010) was a South Korean actor and singer. 
Dongfeng Motor Corporation is a Chinese state-owned automobile manufacturer headquartered in Wuhan, China. Traditionally one of the "Big Three" Chinese automakers, Dongfeng is currently in the top four in terms of output along with Changan Automobile, FAW Group, and SAIC Motor.
Brooklyn Northern United A.F.C is an association football club in Wellington, New Zealand. 
WRHJ-LP (93.1 FM) is a low-power radio station broadcasting a religious format. Licensed to Rock Hill, South Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Southside Baptist Church and features programming from the Fundamental Broadcasting Network.
Club Real Santa Cruz is a football club from Santa Cruz, Bolivia currently playing at Santa Cruz Primera A, one of the second division regional leagues.
Christopher Michael Hull (born 1957) is a professor of theoretical physics at Imperial College London. Hull is known for his work on string theory, M-theory, and generalized complex structures. Edward Witten drew partially from Hull's work for his development of M-theory.
Bae Yeon-ju (Hangul: 배연주, Hanja: 裵延姝; ; born 26 October 1990) is an internationally elite badminton player from South Korea.
Unity  is a liberal-conservative political party in Latvia. It is currently the largest party of the centre-right in Latvian politics and was the leading party in the Dombrovskis and Straujuma cabinets from its inception in 2010 until February 2016 and is a member of the current coalition since January 2019 with its member Krišjānis Kariņš as Prime Minister. Unity is a member of the European People's Party .
Sergei Ivanovich Osipov (; September 22, 1915, Stepankovo, Bezhetsk county, Tver Province, Russian Empire – 1985, Leningrad, USSR) is a Russian painter, graphic artist, and art teacher, who lived and worked in Leningrad, a member of the Leningrad branch of Union of Artists of Russian Federation. He regarded as one of the representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most known for his landscape and still life paintings.
The "Higher Education Army Institute"  is an Argentine university founded in 1986 and officially in 1990 that belongs to the Argentine Army and which is responsible for the technical education of this force.
Steven Mehrdad Beitashour ( ; ; born February 1, 1987) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Los Angeles FC and the Iranian national team as a defender, having previously been called up to the United States national team.
Club Deportivo Cuautla is a Mexican football club based in Cuautla, Mexico. Their home stadium is Estadio Isidro Gil Tapia. The club plays in the Mexican Liga Premier in the Serie B.
Jason Sean Steele (born 18 August 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Brighton & Hove Albion. A product of Middlesbrough's youth academy, he has represented England at all youth levels, as well as appearing for the Great Britain Olympic team.
Lviv National Musical Academy named after Mykola Lysenko  or informally Lviv Conservatory is a state conservatory located in Lviv .
Staryya Darohi , , , ) is a town in Republic of Belarus, the capital of the Staryya Darohi Raion in the Minsk Voblast. First documental record: 1524.
KLVV (88.7 FM, "The House Of Praise") is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary Christian music format. Licensed to Ponca City, Oklahoma, United States, the station is currently owned by The Love Station, Inc.
Jamiat Ulema-e Islam  (Urdu: (; English: Assembly of Islamic Clerics; Acronym: JUI, JUI-F, or JUIF) is a Sunni Deobandi political party in Pakistan. Established as JUI  in 1945, it is the result of a factional split of 1988, "F" standing for the name of its leader, Fazal-ur-Rehman.
The Nevada State Museum in Carson City is one of seven Nevada State Museums operated by the Nevada Department of Tourism and Cultural Affairs. The primary building of the Museum is the former Carson City Mint. 
Wartburg is a small town located north-east of Pietermaritzburg and south of Greytown in the uMshwathi Local Municipality of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
KUKI-FM is a radio station that broadcasts a country music format to Ukiah, California.
Fred Sauer (14 December 1886 – 17 September 1952) was an Austrian actor, film director and screenwriter. 
The Suquamish Museum is a museum located on the Port Madison Indian Reservation in Washington state. It preserves and displays relics and records related to the Suquamish Tribe, including artifacts from the Old Man House and the Baba'kwob site. 
Jean-Paul Rabier (born 25 January 1955) is a French football manager and former player. He is currently the manager of Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club MC Alger.
The Progressive Alliance "" is a social-democratic political party of Uruguay founded in 1999 by the former Vice President Rodolfo Nin Novoa, since then is part of the Frente Amplio.
Linnea Marie Torstenson (born 30 March 1983) is a Swedish female handballer who plays as a left back for Liga Națională club CSM București. She officially retired from the Sweden national team on 21 February 2017. 
The Ute Indian Museum is a local history museum in Montrose, Colorado, United States. It is administered by History Colorado .
Castle Vale Town Football Club is a football club based in the Castle Vale area of Birmingham, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Vale Stadium.
The Auranga River  flows through the Latehar and Palamu districts in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
Rav Yosef bar Hiyya , or simply Rav Yosef, was a Jewish Amora sage of Babylon of the third generation of the Amoraim. He was a disciple of Judah bar Ezekiel and was Abaye's teacher, and a scholarly "Bar Plugata"-opponent of Rabbah bar Nahmani , the head of the academy of Pumbedita.
The University of Wisconsin Carbone Cancer Center  holds the unique distinction of being the only comprehensive cancer center in Wisconsin, as designated by the National Cancer Institute , the lead federal agency for cancer research. It is an integral part of both the University of Wisconsin  and the University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics. It is located in Madison, Wisconsin.
Zavala Island  is an ice-free island in the Dunbar group off the northwest coast of Varna Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. It is extending , with surface area . The area was visited by early 19th century sealers.
William Nigel Stock (born 29 January 1950) is a British Anglican bishop. From 2013 until his 2017 retirement, he was Bishop at Lambeth, Bishop to the Forces and Bishop for the Falkland Islands; from 2007 to 2013 he was Bishop of St Edmundsbury and Ipswich.
Rue de la Montagne is a north-south street located in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It starts at Wellington Street in the south and continues to above Doctor Penfield Avenue in the north, where it stops in a dead end just short of Pine Avenue. 
Somon Air is the first private airline in Tajikistan headquartered in Dushanbe and based at Dushanbe International Airport. 
WLZX-FM is a Saga Communications alternative rock radio station in Northampton, Massachusetts, broadcasting at 99.3 FM. The station has an alternative rock format.
Raj-Vithi Football Club  is a Thailand defunct professional football club based in Bangkok, Thailand.
Agamemnon "Memos" Ioannou (; born 15 April 1958 in Greece) is a retired Greek professional basketball player and coach. At 6'2 " (1.90 m), he played at the point guard and shooting guard positions.
Nully is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Sharypovo  is a town in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located on the Beresh River , west of Krasnoyarsk. Population: 
Surat Thani Football Club  is a Thai football club, nicknamed "The Roosters" and based in Surat Thani located in the south of Thailand. The club currently plays in the Thai League 3 Southern Region.
WJOD (103.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format serving the community of Dubuque, Iowa, United States. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and licensed to Townsquare Media Dubuque License, LLC.
China Minmetals Corporation is a Chinese metals and mineral trading company headquartered in Beijing. It is a state-owned corporation under direct supervision of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission . 
Shakhtar Sverdlovsk  is a professional Ukrainian football club based in Luhansk oblast's Sverdlovsk city .
Norris Turney (September 8, 1921, Wilmington, Ohio – January 17, 2001, Kettering, Ohio) was an American jazz flautist and saxophonist.
Hendrik Floris Cohen (born Haarlem, Netherlands July 1, 1946) is a historian of science.
Terek  is a town and the administrative center of Tersky District of the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia, located on the right bank of the Terek River, east of Nalchik. Population: 
He won gold medals with the Japanese team in three Olympics, in 1960, 1964 and 1968. At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo he also received two individual gold medals, in "parallel bars", and in "individual all-around".
Puyo , also known as El Puyo, is the capital of Pastaza, a province in Ecuador. Puyo is located at an altitude of approximately 950 AMSL by the Puyo River, a tributary of the Pastaza River, which eventually leads into the Amazon River. 
Pluakdaeng United Football Club  or formerly Prachinburi Football Club  is a Thailand professional football club based in Rayong Province after relocating from Prachinburi Province in 2012. They currently play in Thai League 4 Eastern Region.
Esther Duflo, FBA (; born 25 October 1972) is a French American economist, Co-Founder and Director of the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab , and Professor of Poverty Alleviation and Development Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Duflo is an NBER Research Associate, serves on the board of the Bureau for Research and Economic Analysis of Development , and is Director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research's development economics program.
The Fischa is a river in Austria. It is a right tributary of the Danube. It flows into the Danube near the town Fischamend.
MATRIC  is a not-for-profit market-driven research company based in South Charleston, West Virginia.
Nut Tree Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of the central business district of Vacaville, in Solano County, California, United States.
Diego Aracena International Airport  is an airport serving Iquique, capital of the Tarapacá Region in Chile. The airport is on the Pacific coast south of the city. It shares a runway with Los Cóndores Air Base , home to the First Air Brigade of the Chilean Air Force .
Seymour Airport is an airport serving the island of Baltra, one of the Galápagos Islands in Ecuador.
La Florida Airport is an airport serving the Pacific coast city of Tumaco in the Nariño Department of Colombia. The airport is on an island connected to the mainland through a series of bridges.
Cacique Aramare Airport  is an airport serving Puerto Ayacucho, the capital of the Amazonas state in Venezuela. The airport and city are on the Orinoco River, locally the border between Venezuela and Colombia.
The Westmoreland Glass Company was a company that produced glass in Grapeville, Pennsylvania.
Akola Airport is an airport located in Akola in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The airpot can currently said to be non functional for public use, as of now no public airplane services are available in Akola
Paul S. Davison (born 1 October 1971) is a former professional snooker player from Pickering, North Yorkshire. He has earned a place on the main snooker tour from Qualifying School on three occasions.
Park Jang-Soon (Hangul: , Hanja: ; born April 10, 1968 in Boryeong, Chungcheongnam-do) is a retired South Korean freestyle wrestler, world champion and Olympic champion.
The Royal Carriages Museum is located at the Citadel in Cairo, Egypt, in front of Suleiman Pasha Mosque. The museum was inaugurated in 1983, then it was re-inaugurated after its renovation in 2013.
The is an art museum in Kyoto, Japan.
Frissiras Museum is a contemporary painting museum in Plaka Athens, Greece. It was founded and endowed by Vlassis Frissiras, an art-collecting lawyer. 
The Museum of Asian Art of Corfu is a museum in the Palace of St. Michael and St. George in Corfu, Greece. The only museum in Greece dedicated to the art of Asia, it has collections of Chinese art, Japanese art, Indian art and others.
Soilent Green is an American extreme metal band formed in 1988 in Chalmette/Metairie on the suburbs of New Orleans, Louisiana. Described as a sludge metal and grindcore band, the group blends elements of death metal, black metal, hardcore, and bluesy, groove-oriented Southern rock.
The United States Capitol Historical Society is an organization chartered by the United States Congress, beginning in 1962, to educate the public on the heritage and history of the United States Capitol, as well as its institutions and those individuals who have served them over time.
Camargo is a small town in the Chuquisaca Department of Bolivia in the South American Andes.
Tigran Sargsyan (, born 29 January 1962) is an Armenian political figure who was Prime Minister of Armenia from 2008 to 2014. Previously he was Chairman of the Central Bank of Armenia from 1998 to 2008. 
Line Renaud (born July 2, 1928) is a popular French singer, actress and AIDS activist.
Seoul Air Base (sometimes K-16 Air Base, Seoul Airport or Seongnam Air Base) is located in Seongnam city near Seoul in South Korea. Runway 19 and 20 are equipped with an ILS.
Mir Publishers  was a major publishing house in the Soviet Union which continues to exist in modern Russian Federation. It was established in 1946 by a decree of the USSR Council of Ministers and has headquartered in Moscow, Russia since then. 
Guizhou Hengfeng F.C.  is a professional Chinese football club that currently participates in the China League One division under licence from the Chinese Football Association . The team is based in Guiyang, Guizhou and their home stadium is the 51,636-seat Guiyang Olympic Sports Center. 
Abdul Rauf al-Kasm  (born 1932) is a Syrian architect, academic and politician who served as prime minister of Syria during the 1980s.
Orestes of Macedon  was son of Archelaus I and successor king of his murdered father. He reigned between 399–396 BC along with his guardian Aeropus II. 
Thomas C. Russell Field is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southwest of the central business district of Alexander City, a city in Tallapoosa County, Alabama, United States.
Centre Municipal Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) east of the central business district of Centre, a city in Cherokee County, Alabama, United States. It is owned by the City of Centre.
Jeremiah Denton Airport , formerly Dauphin Island Airport, is a county-owned public-use airport in Mobile County, Alabama, United States. It is just northwest of the central business district of Dauphin Island, a town located on a barrier island. The airport is on Mobile Bay, west of the Aloe Bay Channel.
Wye Oak is an American indie rock duo from Baltimore, Maryland, United States, composed of Andy Stack  and Jenn Wasner . Their sound has been described as "earnest folk-influenced indie rock with touches of noise and dream pop" as well as indie folk. 
CTC Media is the leading Russian independent broadcasting company with headquarters in Moscow, Russia.
Ramales de La Victoria is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain. The Battle of Ramales took place here in 1839 during the First Carlist War.
PAL Express, legally Air Philippines Corporation and formerly branded as Air Philippines and Airphil Express, is an airline under the ownership of Philippine Airlines. It acts as PAL's domestic division, with services from Manila, Cebu, Davao and Zamboanga.
William Oscar Guernsey Grut (17 September 1914 – 20 November 2012) was a Swedish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where he won the gold medal in modern pentathlon. Grut was a multiple Swedish swimming champion and received the Svenska Dagbladet Gold Medal in 1948.
Greensboro Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) southwest of the central business district of Greensboro, a city in Hale County, Alabama, United States.
Blackwell Field is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (2.3 mi, 3.7 km) southeast of the central business district of Ozark, in Dale County, Alabama, United States. The airport is owned by the Town of Ozark. It is included in the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Antonio Ruiz de Montoya was born in Lima, Peru, on 13 June 1585 and died there on 11 April 1652. He was a Jesuit priest and missionary in the Paraguayan Reductions.
The Los Angeles Bulldogs were a professional American football team that competed from 1936 to 1948 . Formed with the intention of joining the National Football League in 1937 , the Bulldogs were the first team on the major league level to play its home games on the American West Coast (the NFL's Los Angeles Buccaneers and the first AFL's Wildcats of 1926 were actually traveling teams based in Chicago).
Claude Jean Pierre Dagens (; born 20 May 1940 in Bordeaux, Gironde) is a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, serving as bishop of Angoulême.
St. Catherine International Airport is an airport serving St. Catherine , Saint Katherine city in the South Sinai Governorate of Egypt. It is located about 20 km (12 mi.) northeast of the city, which is near Mount Sinai.
TSV 1860 Rosenheim is a German association sport club from the town of Rosenheim, Bavaria. The origins of the club are in the establishment of the gymnastics club and community fire brigade "Freiwillige Turnerfeuerwehr Rosenheim" on 20 October 1860.
Club Social y Deportivo San Antonio Unido, usually referred to as SAU is a football club located in the port city of San Antonio, Chile, situated in the Valparaíso Region. It was founded on July 21, 1961. Its football team currently plays in Segunda División.
Mehdi Mostefa Sbaa (; born August 30, 1983) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Béziers. At international level, he represented Algeria.
Old City Hall located at Chestnut Street at 5th Street in the Independence Hall complex of Independence National Historical Park in Center City, Philadelphia, was built in 1790–91 in the Federal style. The architect was David Evans, Jr. 
, OECU is a private university in Japan. The main campus is located in Neyagawa-shi, Osaka Prefecture.
North Omaha Airport is a privately owned, public-use airport eight miles northwest of Omaha, in Douglas County, Nebraska.
Iron Age Scandinavia  refers to the Iron Age, as it unfolded in Scandinavia.
Bazavluk is a river in Ukraine and a right tributary of the Dnieper River. It is long and its basin area is . It is shallow and dries up frequently.
KJJJ (102.3 FM, "Nash FM 102.3 KJJJ"), addressed as K - Triple J is a radio station licensed to serve Laughlin, in the U.S. state of Nevada. The station is owned by Steven M. Greeley. It airs a country music format.
Croix-Bleue Medavie Stadium , formerly Moncton Stadium , is a track and field stadium on the campus of the Université de Moncton in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada, built to host the IAAF 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics. The $17 million venue opened in 2010. 
West Redonda Island is an island in British Columbia, Canada. It is part of the Discovery Islands, an archipelago between Vancouver Island and the mainland, and between the Strait of Georgia and Johnstone Strait.
Trine Schmidt (born June 3, 1988) is a Danish professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Team .
The Rotted were an English death metal/d-beat band formed in England in early 2008.
The Selenite Range is a mountain range in western Pershing County, Nevada. The range is a north–south trending feature approximately long and wide. 
Rocha  is the capital city of the Rocha Department in Uruguay. 
Neil Shubin (born December 22, 1960) is an American paleontologist, evolutionary biologist and popular science writer. He is the Robert R. Bensley Professor of Organismal Biology and Anatomy, Associate Dean of Organismal Biology and Anatomy and Professor on the Committee of Evolutionary Biology at the University of Chicago along with being the Provost of the Field Museum of Natural History. He is best known for his co-discovery of "Tiktaalik roseae" with Ted Daeschler and Farish Jenkins.
The Family Law Reform Party was a minor Australian political party that contested the 1996 Lindsay by-election resulting from the voiding of the 1996 election result due to Liberal member-elect Jackie Kelly's continuing New Zealand citizenship.
Justin Deaon Tryon (born May 29, 1984) is a former American football cornerback. He was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the fourth round of the 2008 NFL Draft. He also played for the Indianapolis Colts and New York Giants.
The Palais des Beaux-Arts de Lille  is a municipal museum dedicated to fine arts, modern art, and antiquities. It is one of the largest art museums in France.
The Isles of Scilly  is an archipelago off the southwestern tip of Cornwall. One of the islands, St Agnes, is the most southerly point in England, being over further south than the most southerly point of the British mainland at Lizard Point.
KOPY is a sports talk radio station broadcasting on 1070 AM. Licensed to serve Alice, Texas, United States, the station is currently owned by Claro Communications, Ltd .
Thomas Broich (born 29 January 1981) is a retired German professional footballer who last played for Brisbane Roar in the A-League as an attacking midfielder. A documentary film about Broich titled "Tom Meets Zizou" was released to German cinemas in 2011, after eight years in the making.
Uvas Creek is a mainly southward-flowing stream originating on Loma Prieta peak of the Santa Cruz Mountains, in Santa Clara County, California, United States. The creek descends through Uvas Canyon County Park into Uvas Reservoir near Morgan Hill, and on through Uvas Creek Preserve and Christmas Hill Park in Gilroy. Upon passing U.S. Highway 101 it is known as Carnadero Creek , shortly before the confluence with the Pajaro River at the Santa Clara County - San Benito County boundary.
The Babel Island, part of the Babel Group within the Furneaux Group, is a granite island, located in Bass Strait, lying off the east coast of Flinders Island, Tasmania, south of Victoria, Australia. The privately owned island was named by Matthew Flinders from the noises made by the seabirds there. 
Tympany Five was a successful and influential rhythm and blues and jazz dance band founded by Louis Jordan in 1938. The group was composed of a horn section of three to five different pieces and also drums, double bass, guitar and piano.
Schandmaul is a German medieval folk rock band from the Munich area.
Inner Sister Island, part of the Sister Islands Conservation Area, is a granite and dolerite island, with an area of , located in Bass Strait, Tasmania, Australia. 
The Libertarian Party of Missouri is the Missouri affiliate of the Libertarian Party. The state chair is Bill Slantz. 
Esther David (born 17 March 1945) is an Indian Jewish author, an artist and a sculptor. She is a recipient of the Sahitya Akademi Award.
ASM  International is a Dutch company active in the semiconductor industry.
The Oscar Niemeyer International Cultural Centre, or Centro Niemeyer , is a cultural centre complex designed by the Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer and an international project. The centre is located on the estuary of Avilés, Asturias in northwest Spain. 
Archduke Rainer Ferdinand Maria Johann Evangelist Franz Ignaz of Austria (11 January 1827 – 27 January 1913), a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine and nephew of Emperor Francis II, was an Austrian politician who served as Minister-President of Austria from 1861 to 1865. 
KBIU (103.3 FM, "Hot 103.3") is a radio station licensed to Lake Charles, Louisiana. The station is currently owned by Cumulus Media. Its studios are located on Broad Street in downtown Lake Charles and its transmitter is in Sulphur, Louisiana.
Anne of Cyprus  (24 September 1418 – 11 November 1462) was a Duchess of Savoy by marriage to Louis, Duke of Savoy. She was the daughter of King Janus of Cyprus and Charlotte of Bourbon; and a member of the Poitiers-Lusignan crusader dynasty. 
 Robert Elias Fries (11 July 1876, Uppsala – 29 January 1966, Stockholm), the youngest son of Theodor Magnus Fries (1832–1913) and grandson of Elias Magnus Fries(1794–1878) 
CKGR-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts on 106.3 MHz in Golden, British Columbia. 
The Royal Elephant National Museum, also known as Chang Ton National Museum, is a museum located in Dusit District, Bangkok, Thailand.
Arnold Houbraken (28 March 1660 – 14 October 1719) was a Dutch painter and writer from Dordrecht, now remembered mainly as a biographer of artists from the Dutch Golden Age.
Lou Jiwei (; Traditional Chinese: 樓繼偉; born December 1950), is a Chinese politician, and current chair of the National Council for Social Security Fund. Lou was Chairman and CEO of China Investment Corporation and formerly served as China's Minister of Finance, Vice Minister of Finance and as Vice-Governor of Guizhou.
Baron Max Wladimir von Beck (6 September 1854, Vienna – 20 January 1943, Vienna) was an Austrian statesman.
Abdul-Rahman bin Nasir al-Barrak (, born 1933 or 1934) is a Saudi Salafi cleric.
KIQS (1560 AM) is a radio station licensed to Willows, California, United States. The station is owned by Tom F. Huth. 
Kim Shin-wook (; ; born 14 April 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a striker for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
Muazzez Sultan (; died 12 September 1687) was the third consort of Sultan Ibrahim and the mother of Sultan Ahmed II.
The School of Economics is the dependence of the National Autonomous University of Mexico responsible for conducting research and teaching in economics. Has its direct predecessor in the so-called National School of Economics.
Cartersville is a city in Bartow County in the U.S. state of Georgia; it is located within the northwest edge of the Atlanta metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 19,731. Cartersville is the county seat of Bartow County.
AlMasria Universal Airlines  is an Egyptian private airline based in Egypt.
King River is a small town in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. It is located 406 km south east of Perth and the closest populated town is Albany.
Dragon Gate USA  was an American professional wrestling promotion founded in 2009 as an international expansion of the Japanese promotion Dragon Gate. 
Michael Peter Balzary (born 16 October 1962), known professionally as Flea, is an Australian-American musician and actor. He is best known as the bassist and founding member of the rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers. 
Bayview Park was a football stadium in the town of Methil, Fife, Scotland. It was the home ground of East Fife F.C. from their formation in 1903 until they moved to the new Bayview Stadium in 1998.
The Taifa of Lorca was a medieval Islamic Moorish taifa kingdom centered in what is now southern Spain.
Rio Grande do Norte/São Gonçalo do Amarante–Governador Aluízio Alves International Airport is an airport in São Gonçalo do Amarante, Brazil. It serves Natal and its metropolitan area.
Hantzsch Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Frobisher Bay off the southern tip of Baffin Island's Meta Incognita Peninsula and the northeastern tip of Edgell Island. The closest community is the Inuit hamlet of Sanikiluaq, to the west on Flaherty Island.
Mark Jozef Albert, Baron Waer (born 10 March 1951) is a Belgian physician, biomedical scientist, and former Rector of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven.
RWJBarnabas Health is a network of independent healthcare providers in New Jersey, based out of West Orange. Members include academic centers, acute care facilities, and research hospitals. 
Erick Benzi (born 1 March 1959 in Marseille, France) is a French musician, songwriter, composer and record producer.
Al-Wehda Sports Club   is a Yemeni football club based in Sheikh Othman, Aden, Yemen. The club was founded in 1929.
Raquel Atawo (née Kops-Jones; born December 8, 1982) is a professional tennis player from the United States of America. She is primarily a doubles specialist, winning 18 WTA doubles titles, including two Premier-5 titles at the 2012 Toray Pan Pacific Open and the 2014 Cincinnati Masters, and reaching the semifinals of the 2014 Australian Open, 2015 Wimbledon Championships and 2016 Wimbledon Championships, all alongside her regular partner, fellow American Abigail Spears.
Thulani Caleb Serero (born 11 April 1990) is a South African footballer who plays as a midfielder for Vitesse and the South African national team. Prior to joining Vitesse, he played for Ajax and for Ajax Cape Town in the South African Premier Soccer League.
SprintAir S.A. is a Polish airline headquartered in Warsaw and based at Warsaw Frederic Chopin Airport. It operates cargo services as well as passenger charter flights. 
Patrick Ronald Cooney (March 10, 1934 – October 15, 2012) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the third Bishop of Gaylord and held the title Bishop Emeritus in that diocese.
Diyanet TV  is a Turkish television station owned and operated by Presidency of Religious Affairs of Turkey. It has a relationship with other local television stations and broadcasts some local news bulletins from 81 provinces of Turkey. 
The Malaya national football team was the national team of the Federation of Malaya. After the formation of Malaysia on 16 September 1963, the team was replaced by the present Malaysia national football team.
Worcester Bosch  is a United Kingdom based heating and hot water products manufacturer.
Joseph A. Hardy Connellsville Airport is a public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of Connellsville in Dunbar Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is owned by the Fayette County Airport Authority and serves the south-eastern segment of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. 
Marie de Lorraine (12 August 1674 – 30 October 1724) was a princess of the House of Lorraine-Guise and Princess of Monaco as consort of Antonio I of Monaco. She was the mother of Louise Hippolyte Grimaldi, the only sovereign Princess of Monaco.
The Berhala Island  is a small forested island situated in Sandakan Bay in Sandakan, Sabah, Malaysia.
Bandi is a tributary of the Luni River in Pali district of Rajsthan state of India. It is not to be confused with Badi River in Odisha state. 
The Kolan River is a river located in Central Queensland, Australia.
Powis was the eldest son of Robert Clive, 1st Baron Clive  and his wife Margaret Maskelyne, daughter of Edmund Maskelyne. He was born at Queen's Square, Bloomsbury, London, and was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford.
KJAV (104.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Alamo, Texas, United States. The station is owned by Bi-Media, LLC, through licensee Bi-Media Licensee, LLC. 
The Ward River, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is a river located in Central West Queensland, Australia.
Viacha is a city in Bolivia, situated in the Ingavi Province in the La Paz Department. Viacha lies in the Altiplano, 22 km southwest of La Paz. Transportation to and from the city includes cars, buses, and a train.
Ariel Winter Workman (born January 28, 1998), professionally known as Ariel Winter, is an American actress and voice actress. She is known for her role as Alex Dunphy in the comedy series "Modern Family", as well as the voice of the title character in the Disney Junior show "Sofia the First" and the voice of Penny Peterson in the 2014 animated film "Mr. Peabody and Sherman". Winter and her "Modern Family" cast mates have won four Screen Actors Guild Awards for Best Ensemble in a Comedy Series.
Richard H. Wilkinson (born 1951) is an archaeologist in the field of Egyptology. He is Regents Professor Emeritus, Ph.D. at the University of Arizona and founding director of the University of Arizona Egyptian Expedition. 
Aquarius Platinum plc is a Bermuda-registered and headquartered mining business.
The Instituto Jorge A. Sabato is an academic institution chartered by the National University of San Martin and the National Atomic Energy Commission.
Berg Publishers was an academic publishing company based in Oxford, England that was founded in 1983 by Marion Berghahn. Berg published monographs, textbooks, and reference works as well as academic journals. 
Edgar Victor Gonzalez (born June 14, 1978) is an American former professional baseball second baseman. He played in Major League Baseball  for the San Diego Padres and in Nippon Professional Baseball  for the Yomiuri Giants.
The Geological Museum of Burundi  is a museum of Burundi. It is located in the country's largest city and former capital, Bujumbura.
The Pimpama River is a perennial river located in the South East region of Queensland, Australia. Its catchment lies within the Gold Coast local government area and covers an area of .
Anaheim University is a nationally accredited for-profit university based in Anaheim, California.
Thomaz Cocchiarali Bellucci (born 30 December 1987 in Tietê) is a Brazilian professional tennis player. He achieved a career-high singles ranking of World No. 
The Rubicon Keys are two small islands north of the upper Florida Keys in Biscayne National Park. They are in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
Ralf Reski (born 18 November 1958 in Gelsenkirchen) is a German Professor of Plant Biotechnology and former Dean of the Faculty of Biology of the University of Freiburg. He is also affiliated to the French École supérieure de biotechnologie Strasbourg  and Senior Fellow at the Freiburg Institute for Advanced Studies.
Manuel Carlos Valls Galfetti (, , ; born 13 August 1962) is a French and Spanish politician who served as Prime Minister of France from 2014 until 2016.
The Los Angeles Wildcats  was a traveling team of the first American Football League that was not based in its nominal home city but in Chicago, Illinois . Coached by Jim Clark, the team was designed to be a showcase for University of Washington star back George “Wildcat” Wilson. 
Oleg Aleksandrovich Ivanov (; born 4 August 1986) is a Russian footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for FC Akhmat Grozny in Russia.
Sultan  is a coastal town in the Al Wahat District, Cyrenaica region, in north-eastern Libya.
KCOB (1280 AM) is a commercial radio station that serves the community of Newton, Iowa. The station primarily broadcasts an oldies format, but also provides local and national news, weather and sports. KCOB is owned by Alpha Media, through licensee Alpha Media Licensee LLC.
Johannes Ludwig (born 14 February 1986) is a German luger who has competed since 1996. He won a bronze medal in the mixed team event at the FIL European Luge Championships 2010 in Sigulda. 
Hauteville House is a house where Victor Hugo lived during his exile from France, located at 38 Rue Hauteville in St. Peter Port in Guernsey. In March 1927, the centenary year of Romanticism, Hugo's descendants Jeanne, Jean, Marguerite and François donated the house to the City of Paris. 
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Football Club, also known as ONGC FC, is an Indian football club from Mumbai in Maharashtra, India. The club is affiliated with the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation which runs the club. This means that ONGC Football Club is an institutional club.
Thalassa represented Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998. They performed the song "Mia Krifi Evesthisia".
Astra Airlines is a Greek regional airline headquartered in Thessaloniki and based at Thessaloniki International Airport.
George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron (22 January 1788 – 19 April 1824), known simply as Lord Byron, was an English poet, peer, and politician who became a revolutionary in the Greek War of Independence, and is considered one of the historical leading figures of the Romantic movement of his era. He is regarded as one of the greatest English poets and remains widely read and influential. Among his best-known works are the lengthy narrative poems "Don Juan" and "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage"; many of his shorter lyrics in "Hebrew Melodies" also became popular. 
The is a river in Kanagawa and Tokyo Prefectures on Honshū, Japan. It begins at the confluence of the Onda and Yamoto rivers in Yokohama and flows 22 kilometers before emptying into Tokyo Bay.
Edward Holcomb Plumb (June 6, 1907, Streator, Illinois – April 18, 1958, Los Angeles, California)  was a film composer best known for his work at Walt Disney Studios. He served as musical director of "Fantasia" and composed the score for "Bambi", included its menacing man-theme, which may have been an influence for the shark-theme in "Jaws".
SAIC Volkswagen Automotive Co., Ltd., formerly known as Shanghai Volkswagen Automotive Co., Ltd. or Shanghai Volkswagen, is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Anting, China and a joint venture between Volkswagen Group and SAIC Motor. It was founded in 1984 and produces cars under the Volkswagen and Škoda marques. 
Zacharias of Mytilene (c. 465, Gaza – after 536), also known as Zacharias Scholasticus or Zacharias Rhetor, was a bishop and ecclesiastical historian. 
Sandnes Stadion is a multi-purpose stadium located in Sandnes, Rogaland, Norway. It is a part of Sandnes Idrettspark and is currently used mostly for track and field meets and football matches, and is the home ground of Sandnes Ulf. The stadium's capacity is 4,969 (4,109 seats).
The Chicago Bulls were a professional American football team that competed in the first American Football League in 1926. Owned by Joey Sternaman , the Bulls also had AFL founders C. C. Pyle and Red Grange as shareholders . 
KMCD (1570 AM) is a commercial radio station serving the Fairfield, Iowa area. KMCD is owned by Alpha Media, through licensee Alpha Media Licensee LLC. 
Sandra Corveloni (born May 9, 1965) is a Brazilian film and stage actress.
The Nashville A-Team was a nickname given to a group of session musicians in Nashville, Tennessee, who earned wide acclaim in the 1950s, 1960s, and early 1970s. They backed dozens of popular singers, including Elvis Presley, Eddy Arnold, Patsy Cline, Jim Reeves, Bob Dylan, Moon Mullican, Jerry Lee Lewis, Brenda Lee, and others.
Catherine Jacob (born 16 December 1956) is a César Award-winning French film and theatrical actress.
KJTH (89.7 FM) is a non-commercial, educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Ponca City, Oklahoma. It currently airs a Christian contemporary format.
Reginald III of Guelders  (13 May 1333 – 4 December 1371) was Duke of Guelders and Count of Zutphen from 1343 to 1361, and again in 1371. He was the son of Reginald II of Guelders and of Eleanor of Woodstock, daughter of Edward II of England.
The Liechtenstein national under-21 football team represents the under-21s of Liechtenstein in the UEFA U-21 Championship, and is controlled by the Liechtenstein Football Association, the governing body of football in Liechtenstein.
The Hamilton and Strathaven Railway was a historic railway in Scotland. It ran from a junction with the Hamilton Branch of the Caledonian Railway to a terminus at Strathaven. 
Alain Casanova (born 18 September 1961) is a former football goalkeeper and current manager. He is currently in charge of Toulouse FC.
Eyong Tarkang Enoh (born 23 March 1986) is a Cameroonian football midfielder who plays in the Cypriot First Division for Olympiakos Nicosia and for the Cameroon national team.
Merambong Island  is an uninhabited island located in Pontian District, Johor, Malaysia on the Straits of Johor. The island is dominated by mangrove swamp.
Genus plc is a British-based business selling products manufactured using biotechnology to cattle and pig farmers. It is headquartered in Basingstoke and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The Gerechtigkeitsgasse  is one of the principal streets in the Old City of Bern, the medieval city center of Bern, Switzerland. Together with its extension, the "Kramgasse", it is the heart of the inner city. 
Albrecht Wilhelm Roth (6 January 1757 – 16 October 1834) was a physician and botanist born in Dötlingen, Germany.
Max Julius Friedrich Brauer (3 September 1887 – 2 February 1973) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party  and the first elected First Mayor of Hamburg after World War II.
KARI (550 kHz, "Word Radio") is a commercial AM radio station, licensed to Blaine, Washington, and serving Vancouver, British Columbia, and Northwest Washington State. It broadcasts a Christian talk and teaching radio format and is owned by Multicultural Broadcasting. 
Callington is a small town on the eastern slopes of the Adelaide Hills, in South Australia. Callington is situated on the Bremer River, and is adjacent to the South Eastern Freeway and the Adelaide-Wolseley railway line, however no trains have stopped at the station for many years. 
Powells Creek, a southern tributary of the Parramatta River, is an urban stream west of Sydney Harbour, located in Sydney, Australia. It flows through Sydney Olympic Park and joins Parramatta River at Homebush Bay.
BAKspor, full name Başkent Akademi Spor Kulübü, is a football club in located in Sincan, the outer borough of Ankara, Turkey. The football club currently plays in the TFF Second League.
The Cosia is a torrent whose springs are on the slopes of Monte Bolletone  in Brianza, Italy. Its course takes it through the communities of Albese con Cassano, Tavernerio and Como, then it enters Lake Como near the war memorial designed by Antonio Sant'Elia and executed by Giuseppe Terragni. 
Richard Assmann ; (13 April 1845 in Magdeburg – 28 May 1918 in Gießen) was a German meteorologist and physician who was a native of Magdeburg. He made numerous contributions in high altitude research of the Earth's atmosphere. 
Moritz Richard Schomburgk (5 October 1811 – 24 March 1891), generally known as Richard Schomburgk, was a German botanist and curator of the Adelaide Botanic Garden.
George Abela, (born 22 April 1948) is a Maltese politician who was President of Malta from April 2009 to April 2014.
The Gottlieb Duttweiler Institute  is an independent think-tank and the oldest organisation of its kind in Switzerland. It is located in Rüschlikon, near Zurich. The GDI is located on the edge of the Park im Grüene.
Kaohsiung Museum of History  is a museum located in Yancheng District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. It is administered by the Kaohsiung City Government.
The Malaysian Qualifications Framework  or the MQF is a unified system of post secondary qualifications offered on a national basis in Malaysia. It is administered by the Malaysian Qualifications Agency , a statutory body under the purview of the Ministry of Higher Education .
Andrea Collinelli (born July 2, 1969) is an Italian former racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.
WWVR (98.5 FM, "The River") is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format. Licensed to Paris, Illinois, United States, the station serves the Champaign, Illinois, and Terre Haute, Indiana, areas. The station is owned by Midwest Communications, Inc.
Berzosa de Lozoya  is a municipality situated in the north of the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain. It had 234 inhabitants in 2011, covers an area of 14.3 km² and a population density of 16.36people per km².
Savva Lika (, born 27 June 1970) is a retired javelin thrower who represented Greece.
FK Novaci  is a football club based in the village Novaci near Bitola, Republic of Macedonia. They currently play in the Macedonian Third League.
Gerd Bucerius (1906, Hamm, Westphalia – 1995) was a German politician and journalist, one of the founding members of "Die Zeit". He is the namesake of the Bucerius Law School in Hamburg and of the Bucerius Kunst Forum, an art gallery.
The Lancashire, Derbyshire and East Coast Railway  was a British railway built toward the end of the era of British railway construction.
The Marcopeet Islands are members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. They are located in Hudson Bay, northwest of the Belcher Islands. The Marcopeet Islands measure .
Beit Awwa  is a Palestinian town in the Hebron Governorate in the southern West Bank, located 22 kilometers west of Hebron and 4 kilometers west of Dura. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, Beit Awwa had a population of 8,064 inhabitants in 2007.
Kunming University of Science and Technology   is in Kunming, the capital city of Yunnan Province, Southwestern China.
Xu Qiliang (; born March 1950) is an air force general in the People's Liberation Army Air Force  of the People's Republic of China. He currently serves as Vice chairman of the Central Military Commission, and was Commander of the PLAAF from 2007 to 2012.
Yahya Al-Ghahes (born 19 February 1986) is a Saudi Arabian sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres.
Yunnan Normal University  is in Kunming, the capital city of Yunnan Province.
Mikkel Hansen (born 22 October 1987) is a Danish handball player for Paris Saint-Germain and the Danish national team.
Keri-anne Payne (born 9 December 1987), also known by her married name Keri-anne Carry, is a South African-born British swimmer, specialising in marathon open water swimming, and long-distance freestyle swimming in the pool. She is a two-time 10-kilometre open water world champion, and an Olympic silver medallist.
Griqua Park  is an 11,000-capacity multi-purpose stadium in Kimberley, South Africa. It is mainly used for rugby union matches and it the home stadium of provincial Currie Cup side . 
Amr Ibrahim Mostafa Seoud (born 10 June 1986 in Damietta) is an Egyptian sprinter who specializes in 100 & 200 metres. His personal best times are 10.13 and 20.36 seconds in the 100 and 200 metres.
KIT (1280 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format to the Yakima, Washington, United States, area. The station is licensed to GAP Broadcasting Yakima License, LLC and owned by Townsquare Media. The station features programming from ABC Radio, Fox News Radio and Westwood One.
Odil Ahmedov (Uzbek Cyrillic: Одил Аҳмедов; born 25 November 1987) is an Uzbek international footballer, who plays for Shanghai SIPG. He usually plays as a central midfielder, but also played as a centre back during the 2011 Asian Cup, because of some injured defenders.
Andries Jonker (, 22 September 1962) is a Dutch former footballer and manager.
Oleksandr Valentynovych Turchynov (; born 31 March 1964) is a Ukrainian politician, screenwriter, Baptist minister and economist. He is the former Secretary of the National Security and Defence Council of Ukraine.
The National Defence University of Malaysia  is a military university located in Sungai Besi Camp, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The university is Malaysia's first catering to the needs and development of the Malaysian Armed Forces. 
Woodend is a town in the Waimakariri District, in the Canterbury Region of the South Island of New Zealand. It may have been named because it was on the edge of what was then called the Maori Bush, or after an early settler, Thomas Wooding. 
The Bristol and South Wales Union Railway was built to connect Bristol, England, with south Wales. The route involved a ferry crossing of the River Severn but was considerably shorter than the alternative route through Gloucester. 
The Arameans Suryoye football team is the representative football team for Syriacs  worldwide. They are not affiliated with FIFA or Asian Football Confederation, and therefore cannot compete for the FIFA World Cup or Asian Cup. 
The Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods are an apostolic congregation of Catholic women founded by Saint Theodora Guerin  at Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, Indiana, in 1840. Mother Theodore and her companions left the Sisters of Providence of Ruillé-sur-Loir, France, at the invitation of the Bishop of Vincennes, Indiana, to found the Sisters of Providence in the United States. 
Cabarita is a locality in Victoria, Australia, located approximately 10 km from Mildura, Victoria. At the 2016 census, Cabarita had a population of 488.
Meatian is a locality in Victoria, Australia, located approximately 37 kilometers from Swan Hill, Victoria.Meatian is a small Victorian unbounded locality within the local government area of Gannawarra, it is located approximately 288 km from the capital Melbourne.
The National University of Catamarca  is an Argentine national university, situated in the city of Catamarca, capital of Catamarca Province. 
Lascelles is a locality in Victoria, Australia, located approximately 113 km from Swan Hill, Victoria. In the the state suburb of Lascelles had a population of 93.
Pira is a locality in Victoria, Australia, located approximately 23 km from Swan Hill.
Rose Jelagat Cheruiyot (born 21 July 1976) is a runner from Kenya. She competed in the 5000 metres at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Philippe Joseph Henri Lemaire (9 January 1798, Valenciennes - 2 August 1880, Paris) was a French sculptor, working in a neoclassical academic style.
Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group plc, also known as JLT Group or simply JLT, is a British multinational corporation that has its headquarters in London, England. It provides insurance, reinsurance, employment benefits advice and brokerage services. 
Fernando Andrés Gamboa (born 28 October 1970 in Marcos Juárez, Córdoba) is a retired Argentine footballer and coach who played as a defender.
KXGM (89.1 FM, "Air 1") is a radio station licensed to serve Hiawatha, Iowa, United States. The station is owned by Educational Media Foundation. It airs a Christian Worship music format.
Kharbatha al-Misbah  is a Palestinian town in the central West Bank, located west of Ramallah in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of 5,211 in 2007. 
The Bolshiye Peshnye Islands  is a group of two small islands in the Caspian Sea. It is located 7 km off the coast, 15 km SSE of Peshnoy. 
Tafila Technical University  , is a public university in Jordan.
Tom Price Airport is an airport near Tom Price, Western Australia. It has a short dirt runway capable of handing small general aviation aircraft and light turboprops.
Money Key is a small island in Monroe County in the unincorporated, Lower Florida Keys . It is located in the Atlantic Ocean between Little Duck Key  and Pigeon Key.
Ningxia University  is a regional comprehensive university, co-administrated by Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region and Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China. It is a Chinese Ministry of Education Double First Class Discipline University, with Double First Class status in certain disciplines.
John Michael Howell (born 27 July 1955) is a British Conservative politician. He has been the Member of Parliament  for Henley, having won the seat in the 2008 Henley by-election.
Ha Seok-jin (born February 10, 1982) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in TV drama series: "Radiant Office" (2017), "Drinking Solo" (2016), "Shark" (2013) and "4 Legendary Witches" (2014), for which he received two nominations for the Excellence Award.
Northwest Minzu University , formerly known as Northwest University for Nationalities, is the first minority institution of higher learning founded in China after the establishment of the People's Republic of China, directly under the State Ethnic Affairs Commission of PRC. The university is in Lanzhou, Gansu Province and covers a land area of . 
The European Telecommunications Standards Institute  is an independent, not-for-profit, standardization organization in the telecommunications industry  in Europe, headquartered in Sophia-Antipolis, France, with worldwide projection. ETSI produces globally-applicable standards for Information and Communications Technologies , including fixed, mobile, radio, converged, broadcast and internet technologies.
Biedronka is the largest discount supermarket chain in Poland with 2,823 stores in 2017 and 55,000 employees (2015). It is owned by the Portuguese company Jerónimo Martins. 
Sebastian Bayer (born 11 June 1986 in Aachen, Germany) is a German long jumper best known for having history's second longest indoor long jump.
Robert I of Bar (8 November 1344 – 12 April 1411) was Marquis of Pont-à-Mousson and Count and then Duke of Bar. He succeeded his elder brother Edward II of Bar as count in 1352. His parents were Henry IV of Bar and Yolande of Flanders.
The Chilean Matorral (NT1201) is a terrestrial ecoregion of central Chile, located on the west coast of South America. It is in the Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and scrub biome, part of the Neotropic ecozone.
Robbie Coltrane (born Anthony Robert McMillan; 30 March 1950) is a Scottish actor and author. He is known for his roles as Rubeus Hagrid in the "Harry Potter" films, as Valentin Dmitrovich Zhukovsky in the James Bond films "GoldenEye" and "The World Is Not Enough," and as Dr. Eddie "Fitz" Fitzgerald in the British TV series "Cracker" during the 1990s.
The University of the Republic of San Marino  is a university based in the Republic of San Marino. It was created in 1985.
April Steiner Bennett (born April 22, 1980) is an American pole vaulter. Her personal best is , achieved in April 2008 in Norman, Oklahoma.
Ferdinand Chalandon (February 10, 1875 – October 31, 1921) was a French medievalist and Byzantinist.
Jill Tracy Biden (, previously Stevenson; born June 3, 1951) is an American educator. She is the wife of the 47th Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, and served as Second Lady of the United States from 2009 to 2017.
Damir Skomina (born 5 August 1976) is a UEFA Elite category football referee from Slovenia.
Herbert Adamski (30 April 1910 – 11 August 1941) was a German rower from Berlin who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
The Kayaderosseras Creek, usually shortened to Kaydeross, is the largest river that lies completely within Saratoga County, New York State. It originates in the Kayaderosseras Range in the northern part of the county, passes through the towns of Corinth, Greenfield, and Milton, and serves as the boundary between the City of Saratoga Springs and the Town of Malta before emptying into Saratoga Lake.
Barbara Gluck (born 1938) is an American photojournalist, art photographer, speaker, writer, and healing facilitator.
Qiao Yunping (Chinese: 乔云萍; born 13 September 1968) is a Chinese international table tennis player.
The Cumberland Phoenix football team represents Cumberland University in National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics , primarily competing in the Mid-South Conference. The Phoenix formerly competed in the TranSouth Athletic Conference and Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association.
Liu Jia (Chinese: 刘佳; born 16 February 1982 in Beijing, China) is a female Chinese-born table tennis player who now represents Austria.
Gaspar de Quiroga y Vela (Madrigal de las Altas Torres, Ávila, 13 January 1512 – 20 November 1594) was a prominent Catholic official who rose to become General Inquisitor of Spain, from 1573 to 1594, and Archbishop of Toledo from 1577 to 1594. He was named a Cardinal by Pope Gregory XIII in 1578. He was the nephew of the 1st Bishop of Michoacán, Mexico, Vasco de Quiroga, (1470 - 1565).
Maksim Sergeyevich Dyldin  (born 19 May 1987) is a Russian sprint athlete. He was part of the team that finished third in Men's 4 × 400 m relay at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but the team was disqualified after teammate Denis Alekseyev tested positive for doping.
Established in 1982, the California Trolley and Railroad Corporation  is a 501(3) non-profit organization with a mission to preserve and reflect the rich legacy of rail transportation in the Santa Clara Valley for the educational and recreational benefit of current and future generations.
Page Plus Cellular is a prepaid Verizon Wireless mobile virtual network operator in the United States operated by TracFone Wireless, Inc., subsidiary of the Mexican telecommunications firm América Móvil.
Agrinio Airport  is a military airport in Agrinio, a city in the regional unit of Aetolia-Acarnania in Greece.
The East Kangaroo Island, part of the Big Green Group within the Furneaux Group, is a unpopulated limestone island with granite outcrops and dolerite dykes, located in the Bass Strait, west of the Flinders Island, in Tasmania, in south-eastern Australia.
Koil is an Indonesian rock band. Formed in Bandung, West Java in 1993 by singer J.A Verdiantoro , his brother, guitarist Donnijantoro , and their friends bassist/guitarist Ibrahim Nasution  and drummer Leon Ray Legoh .
Merkury Vagin  (died 1712) was a Russian Arctic explorer.
Vittoria Puccini (born 18 November 1981 in Florence, Italy) is an Italian film and television actress.
Erard I, Count of Brienne (1060–1114) was Count of Brienne at the end of the 11th century. He was the son of Gautier I of Brienne, count of Brienne, and his wife Eustachie of Tonnerre.
Phil Parsons Racing, formerly named MSRP Motorsports, Prism Motorsports, and later HP Racing, was a NASCAR team competing in the Sprint Cup Series and Nationwide Series. It was owned by former NASCAR driver Phil Parsons, and most recently fielded the No. 98 Ford for Josh Wise.
Anas Sarwar (born 14 March 1983) is a Scottish Labour Party politician who has been a Member of the Scottish Parliament  for the Glasgow region since the May 2016 election.
WYFC (95.3 FM) is an affiliate of the Bible Broadcasting Network in Clinton, Tennessee, broadcasting to the Knoxville, Tennessee, area. The station was a commercial Contemporary Hit Radio station  from 1986 to 1989.
San Diego Art Institute is located in San Diego, California, US. The San Diego Art Institute was initially founded in 1941 as the San Diego Business Men's Art Club. 
Cartoon Network is a Scandinavian free-to-air television channel broadcasting cartoons in Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Finland, Faroe Islands, Greenland and Iceland. The channel was created in 2000 when it replaced the Pan-European version of Cartoon Network in the region.
Anupong Paochinda (; ; born 10 October 1949) is a Thai politician and retired army officer. He held the position of Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Thai Army from 2007 until his retirement on 30 September 2009.
Toronto Awaba Football Club are an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Toronto, Newcastle, Australia. The club are currently playing in the fourth tier of Australian soccer, the Northern New South Wales NewFM Football League. 
Club Deportes Ovalle is a Chilean football club who currently play in the fourth level of Chilean football, the Tercera División. The club's stadium is the Estadio Municipal de Ovalle.
Nogometni klub Krka , commonly referred to as NK Krka or Krka, is a Slovenian football club from Novo Mesto, which plays in the Slovenian Second League. The team play its home games at the Portoval. The club was founded in 1922 and was known as NK Elan 1922 in the past.
The Richibucto River is a river in eastern New Brunswick, Canada which empties into the Northumberland Strait north of Richibucto. It is 80 kilometres long.
Blyvooruitzicht  is a gold mine and gold-mining village in Gauteng, South Africa. It is situated about 5 km south of the centre of Carletonville and 80 km westwards from Johannesburg.
Platinum Dunes is an American production company created in November 2001 by filmmakers Michael Bay, Brad Fuller, and Andrew Form. The company produces horror films, such as "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre", "The Purge", "Friday the 13th", "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Ouija" and "A Quiet Place".
SLAMM!! Events was a Netherlands based mixed martial arts and thaiboxing promotion based in Almere, Netherlands. 
The Patagonia Mountains are a mountain range within the Coronado National Forest, and in Santa Cruz County, Arizona.
Hammer Creek is a tributary of Cocalico Creek in Lebanon and Lancaster Counties, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Bridget Maeve Phillipson (born 19 December 1983) is a British Labour Party politician who was elected at the 2010 general election as the Member of Parliament  for Houghton and Sunderland South. She was the first MP to be declared to be elected to the 2015 Parliament, with an increased majority of 12,938. 
Stuart James Andrew (born 25 November 1971) is a Welsh Conservative MP for the Pudsey constituency in West Yorkshire.
Simon Christopher Danczuk (; born 24 October 1966) is a British former Member of Parliament  for Rochdale (2010 to 2017). Danczuk co-wrote a book about former Rochdale MP Cyril Smith's abuse of children, and campaigned about historical allegations of child sex abuse.
Julian Richard Smith (born 30 August 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician serving as Government Chief Whip and Chief Whip of the Conservative Party since 2017, and serves as Member of Parliament  for Skipton and Ripon since 2010.
Stella Judith Creasy (born 5 April 1977) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician, who has been the Member of Parliament  for the London constituency of Walthamstow since the 2010 general election. She served in the frontbench teams of Ed Miliband and Harriet Harman from 2011 to 2015.
Richard Michael John Ogilvie Graham (born 4 April 1958) is a British Conservative Party politician, who was first elected at the 2010 general election as the Member of Parliament  for Gloucester.
The National Democratic Force  is a Burmese political party formed by former members of the National League for Democracy  who chose to contest the 2010 general election in Myanmar .
George Michael Edward Hollingbery (born 12 October 1963) is a British Conservative Party politician who was first elected at the 2010 general election as the Member of Parliament  for Meon Valley, a new Hampshire constituency created as a result of boundary changes.
Giacomo "Jack" Lopresti (born 23 August 1969) is a British Conservative Party politician. At the 2010 general election, he was first elected as Member of Parliament  for Filton and Bradley Stoke, a constituency in Bristol newly created after boundary changes. He is an advocate of the Eurosceptic campaign Leave Means Leave.
Mark Robert Timothy Garnier (born 26 February 1963) is a British Conservative Party politician and former banker. He was first elected as Member of Parliament  for Wyre Forest at the 2010 general election. Garnier was re-elected at the 2015 and 2017 general elections.
Heidi Alexander (born 17 April 1975) is a British Labour Party politician who is the Deputy Mayor of London for Transport under Sadiq Khan and Deputy Chair of Transport for London. She served as the Member of Parliament  for Lewisham East from the 2010 general election, resigning in May 2018 to join the mayoral team. 
Atta-Ur-Rehman Chishti (born 4 October 1978) is a British Conservative politician who was elected MP for Gillingham and Rainham in the 2010 general election. He was recently the Vice Chair of the Conservative Party for Communities, appointed in the 2018 cabinet reshuffle. Chisthi also served as the Prime Ministerial Trade Envoy to Pakistan.
Michael Tyrone Ellis (born 13 October 1967) is a British Conservative Party politician serving as Minister of State for Transport since 2019, and has served as Member of Parliament  for Northampton North since 2010.
EVV is a Dutch amateur association football club from Echt, in the municipality of Echt-Susteren.
The Indravati River  in Nepal is a tributary of the Sun Koshi River. It used to be called "Melamchi" or
The Barun River  is a tributary of the Arun River and is part of the Kosi river system in Nepal.
Po Basin mixed forests is an ecoregion and biome composed of trees and other vegetation characteristically found in the temperate broadleaf and mixed forests surrounding the Po River in Northern Italy and Southern Ticino in Switzerland, and its watershed from the Cisalpine, or Italian side, of the Alps.
Northern Greece  is used to refer to the northern parts of Greece, and can have various definitions.
Borajet  was a privately owned Turkish airline based in Yeşilköy, Bakırköy, Istanbul operating domestic and international services. It suspended operations on 24 April 2017.
Dirty Money was a musical duo consisting of singer-songwriter and dancers Dawn Richard and Kalenna Harper; with both artists already signed onto Bad Boy Entertainment. Together with record producer, rapper and label boss Sean Combs, they performed as Diddy – Dirty Money as a collaborative act on the Bad Boy label. 
XEWK-AM is a clear-channel AM station near Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico. It is licensed for 50 kilowatts during the day and 10 kilowatts at night on 1190 kHz and has its transmitter at Atemajac del Valle, Zapopan, Jalisco. 
Bowerman Airport , also known as Bowerman Field, is a public use airport located west of the central business district of Hoquiam, a city in Grays Harbor County, Washington, United States. It is owned by the Port of Grays Harbor. 
The Mechi River is a trans-boundary river flowing through Nepal and India. It is a tributary of the Mahananda River. 
Sunset 102 was the first Incremental radio station, a new type of station licensed by the Independent Broadcasting Authority in 1989.
National Paralegal College  is a for-profit online distance learning college offering paralegal certifications, associates, bachelor's and master's degrees in legal studies. The college is centrally located in Phoenix, Arizona and is accredited by the Distance Education Accrediting Commission.
Beady Eye were an English rock band formed in 2009 by lead vocalist Liam Gallagher, guitarists Gem Archer and Andy Bell, and drummer Chris Sharrock, all former members of Oasis. In 2013, former Kasabian guitarist Jay Mehler joined the band playing bass guitar on tour.
The Lakhandei River is a river in southern Nepal and in the state of Bihar in India. It is a main tributary of the Bagmati River. 
Count Christian Karl Reinhard of Leiningen-Dagsburg-Falkenburg (17 July 1695, Mülheim an der Ruhr – 17 November 1766, Heidesheim) was a German nobleman.
FCA India Automobiles Private Limited  formerly known as "Fiat Group Automobiles India Private Limited" was formed in the year 2012 as a fully owned direct subsidiary of FCA Italy. The new company was established for production of cars and engine under the brand Fiat, Abarth and Jeep. 
Democrasoft, Inc., formerly Burst.com, is a public software company located in Santa Rosa, California.
Pixar Canada was a wholly owned subsidiary of Pixar Animation Studios. It was located in Vancouver, British Columbia. 
Amandine Chantal Henry (born 28 September 1989) is a French football player who plays as a defensive midfielder for Olympique Lyon and the French senior team. A former women's youth international having played all levels, Henry made her senior international debut in 2009.
The Luzon tropical pine forests are a tropical coniferous forest ecoregion of the Philippines in the western Pacific Ocean. These pine forests are home to a large number of the island's endemic plants and animals.
James George Morris (born 4 February 1967) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom who was first elected as the Member of Parliament  for Halesowen and Rowley Regis in West Midlands, England at the 2010 general election. He has served on the Communities and Local Government Select Committee since his election.
Franz Anton von Sporck, Count  (born 9 March 1662 in Lysá nad Labem or Heřmanův Městec; died 30 March 1738 in Lysá nad Labem) was a German-speaking literatus and patron of the arts who lived in the province of Bohemia in what is now the Czech Republic. He was one of the most notable cultural and intellectual figures in central Europe in the early 18th century.
The Papal Navy  was the maritime force of the Papal States. Loosely construed, it was in sporadic existence from approximately the Battle of Ostia (849) during the pontificate of Leo IV until the ascension of Pope Leo XIII in 1878.
Ons Jabeur ( ; born 28 August 1994, in Ksar Hellal) is a Tunisian professional tennis player.
Walther von Wartburg  (18 May 1888; Riedholz – 15 August 1971; Basel) was a Swiss philologist and lexicographer. He was the editor-in-chief of the "Französisches Etymologisches Wörterbuch" .
German-Jordanian University  is a public university located near Madaba, Jordan. It offers more than 20 programs to over 6,000 students, primarily from Jordan and the Middle East. 
Cristian Tello Herrera (; born 11 August 1991) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Real Betis.
Sacred Heart College, Kochi is a premier institution of higher education affiliated to the Mahatma Gandhi University, Kerala, India. It was established in 1944 by the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate , a Catholic religious order for men.
The Birch Islands are two islands in Pleasant Bay, Washington County, Maine, United States. The islands, Upper and Lower Birch, are connected at low tide.
Kosmos Airlines  is a Russian airline founded in 1995 which specialises in the delivery of cargo to launch sites.
Toyota Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium with a 20,500-seat capacity, built and owned by the city of Frisco, Texas, a suburb of Dallas. Its primary tenants are Major League Soccer club FC Dallas and Frisco Independent School District high school football games. It is also the home of the National Soccer Hall of Fame which opened in 2018.
Adrien Rommel (4 August 1914 – 21 June 1963) was a French fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil events at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics.
Efrenk River  is a short river in Mersin Province, Turkey. It was originally called Efrenk River. 
Tavares Seaplane Base is a city-owned, public-use seaplane base located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southeast of the central business district of Tavares, a city in Lake County, Florida, United States.
Oksana Kalashnikova (, ; born 5 September 1990) is a Georgian professional tennis player.
Macarthur Coal was a mining company based in Queensland, Australia, which was incorporated in October 1995. The company was founded by Ken Talbot, who was a former chief executive officer.
Labour Ukraine  is a political party in Ukraine registered in June 2000.
Theodor Uhlig (Wurzen, Saxony, 15 February 1822 – Dresden, 3 January 1853) was a German violin-player, composer and music critic.
NK Sesvete is a Croatian football club based in the Sesvete district of the city of Zagreb. Since the 2011–12 season they play in Druga HNL, Croatia's second level, after winning promotion in the 2010–11 season. 
Leader Price, , is a French discount store chain of the Groupe Casino, headquartered in Paris, France.
Siena  is a city in Tuscany, Italy. It is the capital of the province of Siena.
Aguada Stadium  is a stadium in Aguada, Puerto Rico. It hosted some of the football events for the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games.
Kurzeme District  is one of six administrative districts of Riga, the capital of Latvia.
Danville is a city in and the county seat of Vermilion County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 33,027.
Catskill Creek is a tributary of the Hudson River that drains the northeastern Catskill Mountains of the U.S. State of New York. From its source at Franklinton Vlaie in Schoharie County it flows southeast through parts of Albany County and Greene County to its mouth at the village of Catskill on the Hudson River.
Maria Anna Josepha of Bavaria ("Maria Anna Josepha Augusta"; 7 August 1734 – 7 May 1776) was a Duchess of Bavaria by birth and Margravine of Baden-Baden by marriage. She was nicknamed the "savior of Bavaria". 
Capital North West and North Wales is a regional radio station owned and operated by Global as part of the Capital network. It broadcasts to Cheshire, the Wirral Peninsula and North Wales. The station broadcasts from its studios in Gwersyllt, Wrexham, the former headquarters of Marcher Radio Group.
Bremerton National Airport is eight miles southwest of downtown Bremerton, in Kitsap County, Washington. It is owned by the Port of Bremerton. 
Bromsgrove Sporting F.C. is a football club based in Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, England. The club was founded in 2009 and played their first season, 2010–11, in Midland Football Combination Division Two where they ended third. 
Ivian Sarcos (born July 26, 1989) is a Venezuelan model and beauty queen who won Miss World 2011 on November 6, 2011, in London, United Kingdom. Sarcos is the sixth woman from Venezuela to win Miss World.
Barton Community College, previously known as "Barton County Community College", is a comprehensive community college located in Great Bend, Kansas, United States. Its service area includes Barton, Ellsworth, Pawnee, Rush and Russell Counties, Stafford County north of US Highway 50, and northwestern Rice County.
Winifred Alice "Freda" James  (11 January 1911 – 27 December 1988) was a British female tennis player of the 1930s.
The Sawyer Kill or Sawyer's Kill is a tributary stream of the Hudson River in New York state. The source is at the Great Vlaie on the border of Ulster and Greene counties. The stream enters the Hudson River at Seamon Park in Malden, New York, just north of the village of Saugerties.
Ceremony is an American punk rock band from Rohnert Park, California. The band features Ross Farrar , Anthony Anzaldo , Justin Davis , Andy Nelson , and Jake Casarotti . 
Helen Frances James (born May 22, 1956) is an American paleontologist and paleornithologist who has published extensively on the fossil birds of the Hawaiian Islands. She is the curator in charge of birds, in the Department of Vertebrate Zoology, at the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C.
Julie Ann Brown (born February 4, 1955) is an American retired distance runner. She won the IAAF World Cross Country Championship in 1975 and represented the United States in the 1984 Summer Olympics in the women's marathon, placing 36th.
Eugene Arnoľdovič Helimski (Russ. Евге́ний Арно́льдович Хели́мский: 15 March 1950 in Odessa, USSR – 25 December 2007 in Hamburg, Germany) — a Russian linguist , Doctor of Philosophy (1988), Professor.
Arena Pantanal is a multi-use stadium in Cuiabá, Brazil. Completed on 26 April 2014, it is used mostly for football and hosted four group stage matches during the 2014 FIFA World Cup. 
The Granite Wash Mountains are a short, arid, low elevation mountain range of western-central Arizona, in the southeast of La Paz County. The range borders a slightly larger range southeast, the Little Harquahala Mountains; both ranges form a section on the same water divide between two desert washes. 
For the Fallen Dreams, often abbreviated FTFD, is an American metalcore band from Lansing, Michigan, formed in 2003. The band originally signed to Rise Records but produced one album under Artery Recordings in 2012. 
MFK Chrudim is a Czech football club located in Chrudim. It plays in the Czech National Football League, which is in the second tier of the Czech Republic football league system.
The Oude Stadion , officially known as Het Nederlandsch Sportpark , and colloquially known as the Stadion (until 1928), was a multi-purpose sports stadium located in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. The stadium was built after the design by Harry Elte, with which he had won the contest for a national stadium in 1912. 
South Louisiana Community College  is a public community college in Lafayette, Louisiana. It was established in 1997 to provide academic and vocational training to the people of the Lafayette, Acadia, Evangeline, St. Landry, St. Martin, Vermilion, and St. Mary parishes.
The Glitch Mob is an American electronic music group from Los Angeles, California. It consists of edIT , Boreta  and Ooah . 
Andrew Wylie (born 1947 in New York City) is an American literary agent, known in the book industry as The Jackal.
Werner Spies (born 1 April 1937 in Tübingen) is a German art historian, journalist and organizer of exhibitions. From 1997 to 2000, he was also a director of the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris. 
The Stasi Museum  is a research and memorial centre concerning the political system of the former East Germany. It is located in the Lichtenberg locality of Berlin, in the former headquarters of the Stasi , on Ruschestraße, near Frankfurter Allee and U-Bahn station Magdalenenstraße. 
Ski Idrettslag is a Norwegian alliance sports club from Ski, Akershus. It has sections for association football, track and field, team handball, floorball, ice hockey, tennis and gymnastics. The club colors are yellow and blue.
The MIT Art, Design and Technology University  is an autonomous private university in Loni Kalbhor, Pune, Maharashtra, India. Its 73 institutions are gathered by the MIT Group of Institutions.
Thin Film Electronics ASA  is a Norwegian printed electronics company, headquartered in Oslo with its main R&D offices in Linköping, Sweden and San Jose, California, United States.
Joanna of Aragon (October 1375 - September 1407) was the only surviving child of John I of Aragon and his first wife Martha of Armagnac. She was a member of the House of Aragon and was Countess of Foix by her marriage to Matthew of Foix.
Theophanes of Byzantium (; fl. 6th century) was a Byzantine historian.
Muzeum Sztuki Nowoczesnej w Warszawie is a museum in Warsaw, Poland. It was established in 2005.
Suiderstrand  is a settlement in Overberg District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Pniel is a settlement in Cape Winelands District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Ebenhaeser is a settlement in West Coast District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Koringberg is a settlement in West Coast District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Heart Solent was a local radio station owned and operated by Global Radio as part of the Heart network. It broadcast to southern and western parts of Hampshire, West Sussex, Dorset and Isle of Wight. 
Adil Shamasdin ( ; born May 23, 1982) is a Canadian professional tennis player who specialises in doubles. He reached his highest doubles ranking of world No. 
The Institute and Faculty of Actuaries is the professional body which represents and regulates actuaries in the United Kingdom.
Idrettsforeningen Frisk Asker is a Norwegian sports club from Asker, Akershus. It has sections for association football and ice hockey. It also used to play bandy.
Adriano Malori (born 28 January 1988) is an Italian former road racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2010 and 2017 for the and squads.
Malchower SV is a German association football club based in Malchow, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, currently playing in the NOFV-Oberliga Nord. The club was established on 26 July 1990, but traces its tradition back to the city's earliest sides.
Cecilia Island is the ice-free southernmost island of the Aitcho group on the west side of English Strait in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. Extending , surface area . 
Ryan Gregson (born 26 April 1990) is an Australian middle-distance runner. He holds the Australian record for the men's 1500 metres, both outdoors and indoors.
SV Tasmania Berlin is a German football club based in Berlin-Neukölln, Germany, currently playing in the Berlin-Liga .
The Gulf of St. Lawrence lowland forests are a temperate broadleaf and mixed forest ecoregion of eastern Canada.
Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani (, 12 December 1880 – 17 November 1976), shortened as Maulana Bhashani was an Islamic scholar and political leader in British India . His political tenure spanned the British colonial India, Pakistan and Bangladesh periods.
Anthem, Inc. is a provider of health insurance in the United States. It the largest for-profit managed health care company in the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. 
The Nepal Sadbhavana Party  was a national political party in Nepal, now merged into Rastriya Janata Party Nepal, that worked for rights of the Madhesi people and discriminated communities and groups of Nepal. 
Ekaterine Giorgis asuli Jughashvili (née "Geladze"; 1856/1858 – 4 June 1937), commonly known as Keke, was the mother of Joseph Stalin.
David Humphreys MBE (born 10 September 1971) is a retired rugby union player. He played 72 times for Ireland, scoring 560 points, including 6 tries, and at the time of his international retirement was Ireland's most capped outhalf. He played his club rugby for Ulster, captaining Ulster to victory in the 1998-99 Heineken Cup. 
National Yang-Ming University  is a research university located in Shipai, Beitou District, Taipei, Taiwan. It is famous for research in fields of Medicine, Life Sciences and Biotechnology. 
Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania, commonly referred to as Bloomsburg, BU or Bloom, is a comprehensive public university located in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It is one of the 14 state universities of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education . 
Kwon Young-ghil (; born November 5, 1941, in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan) is a South Korean politician, journalist, human rights activist, and workers' rights activist. He was a founding member of the People's Victory 21 and Democratic Labour Party.
Saint Bavo of Ghent  (622–659) was a Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox saint. He was the son of Pippin of Landen and the brother of saints Begga and Gertrude of Nivelles.
The Popular Democratic Party  is a political party in Puerto Rico that advocates to continue as a Commonwealth of the United States with self-government. The party was founded in 1938 by dissidents from the Puerto Rican Liberal Party and the Unionist Party and originally promoted policies on the center-left. 
Michel Hazanavicius (; born 29 March 1967) is a French film director, producer, screenwriter and film editor best known for his 2011 film, "The Artist", which won the Academy Award for Best Picture at the 84th Academy Awards. It also won him the Academy Award for Best Director. He also directed spy film parodies "" (2006) and "" (2009).
The long Naoli  River flows through Heilongjiang Province in northeast China and is the longest tributary to the Ussuri River.
Valentin Niculae Ursache (born 12 August 1985 in Târgu Neamt) is a Romanian rugby union player, who plays as a lock.
The Caballo Mountains,  are a mountain range located in Sierra and Doña Ana Counties, New Mexico, United States. The range is located east of the Rio Grande and Caballo Lake, and west of the Jornada del Muerto; the south of the range extends into northwest Doña Ana County. The nearest towns are Truth or Consequences and Hatch.
Kundana is an abandoned town in Western Australia located between Coolgardie and Bardoc in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
The Museum Reich der Kristalle is the publicly accessible part of the Mineralogischen Staatssammlung  of Munich, Germany. Part of the Staatliche Naturwissenschaftliche Sammlungen Bayerns, the Museum is part of the arts-complex on the former site of the Türkenkaserne barracks.
Persedikab or Persedikab Kediri or Persatuan Sepakbola Kediri Kabupaten  is an Indonesian football club based in Kediri Regency, East Java. Club played in Liga Indonesia First Division. 
Al Mar Knives is a production knife company headquartered in Tualatin, Oregon, United States. Al Mar Knives was established in 1979 by Al Mar, and has a reputation for making tactical knives of innovative design. 
Klaus Reichert (born 3 June 1947) is a German fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1976 Summer Olympics and a silver in the same event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
La Tablada is a city in Argentina. It is located in La Matanza Partido and is part of the Greater Buenos Aires metro area.
Princess Royal is an abandoned town in the Goldfields-Esperance region in Western Australia. It was named after a gold mine that the basis for the town. 
Fuentelisendo is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 111 inhabitants.
Hontoria de Valdearados is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 236 inhabitants.
Hurones is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 70 inhabitants.
Madrigalejo del Monte is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 211 inhabitants.
Merindad de Sotoscueva is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 516 inhabitants. Its seat is in Cornejo.
Moncalvillo is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 105 inhabitants.
Olmedillo de Roa is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 194 inhabitants.
Peral de Arlanza is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 223 inhabitants.
Quemada is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2008 census , the municipality has a population of 260 inhabitants.
Quintanilla Vivar  is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.
Hohen Sprenz is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Riocavado de la Sierra is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 71.
Klein Belitz is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Penzin is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is located at the northeast of Germany and belongs to the amt of Bützow Land.
Vadocondes is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 419 inhabitants.
Valle de Valdebezana is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.
Siracourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Prebberede is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Villarcayo de Merindad de Castilla la Vieja  is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 4,031 inhabitants.
Sorrus is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Brenz is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
La Carrera is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 245 inhabitants.
Navacepedilla de Corneja is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 158 inhabitants.
San Juan del Olmo is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 156 inhabitants.
Villatoro is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016, Villatoro had a population of 181 people.
Adahuesca is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 163 inhabitants.
Azanuy-Alins  or Sanui i Alins  is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 179 inhabitants.
Blecua y Torres is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2009 census , the municipality has a population of 189 inhabitants.
Colungo is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 135 inhabitants.
Huerto is a municipality located in the Monegros comarca, province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 253 inhabitants.
Loscorrales is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 113 inhabitants.
Puente la Reina de Jaca  is a municipality located in Jacetania, province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2009 census , the municipality has a population of 218 inhabitants.
La Sotonera is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 1,073 inhabitants.
Viacamp y Litera , in Catalan: Viacamp i Lliterà  is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 26 inhabitants.
Alcorisa is a municipality in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census the municipality has a population of 3,642 inhabitants.
Beceite  or Beseit  is a municipality located in the Matarraña/Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 603 inhabitants. It is part of the Taula del Sénia free association of municipalities.
Cantavieja is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 740 inhabitants. It is the capital of the Maestrazgo comarca.
Cubla is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. It is 18 km from the provincial capital, Teruel.
Griegos is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 137 inhabitants.
Lanzuela is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census the municipality has a population of 102 inhabitants.
Monreal del Campo is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 2,391 inhabitants.
Orihuela del Tremedal is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 605 inhabitants.
La Puebla de Valverde is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 508 inhabitants.
Toril y Masegoso is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 31 inhabitants.
Torrijo del Campo is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 552 inhabitants.
Villafranca del Campo is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 368 inhabitants.
La Zoma is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 27 inhabitants.
Almochuel is a municipality located in the Campo de Belchite comarca, province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2008 census , the municipality has a population of 33 inhabitants.
Artieda  is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 107 inhabitants.
Bulbuente is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 237 inhabitants.
Chiprana  is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 368 inhabitants.
Fabara  or Favara de Matarranya  is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 1,195 inhabitants. This town is located in La Franja, the local dialect is a variant of Catalan.
Gotor is a municipality located in the Aranda Comarca province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 389 inhabitants.
Litago is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 195 inhabitants.
Mesones de Isuela, also known as Mesones, is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 339 inhabitants.
Nombrevilla is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 50 inhabitants.
Paracuellos de Jiloca is a municipality on the river Jiloca, located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 507 inhabitants.
Pleitas is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 62 inhabitants.
Samper del Salz is a municipality located in the Campo de Belchite comarca, province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 130 inhabitants.
Tobed is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census ,Tobed was designed the best village in the world.
Uncastillo  is a municipality in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, eastern Spain. According to the 2010 census, the municipality has a population of 781 inhabitants.
Villanueva de Huerva is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census, the municipality had a population of 562 inhabitants.
Portalrubio de Guadamejud is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 67 inhabitants.
Saelices is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 649 inhabitants.
Torrubia del Castillo is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 38 inhabitants.
Villalba de la Sierra is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 616 inhabitants.
Villarrubio is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 254 inhabitants.
Aldeanueva de Guadalajara is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 115 inhabitants.
Anquela del Pedregal is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 22 inhabitants.
Casa de Uceda is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 110 inhabitants.
Chiloeches is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 1,684 inhabitants.
Horche is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 1,775 inhabitants.
Millana is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 158 inhabitants.
El Pedregal is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 106 inhabitants.
Renera is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 61 inhabitants.
Tartanedo is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 174 inhabitants.
Utande is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. At the 2004 census  the municipality had a population of 53 inhabitants.
Zarzuela de Jadraque  is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 46 inhabitants.
Arquillinos is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 161 inhabitants.
Castrogonzalo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2009 census , the municipality has a population of 519 inhabitants.
Cubo de Benavente is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2009 census , the municipality has a population of 140 inhabitants.
Fuente Encalada is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. At the 2009 census  the municipality had a population of 125 inhabitants.
Manganeses de la Lampreana  is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 696 inhabitants.
Montamarta is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 625 inhabitants.
Olmillos de Castro is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 378 inhabitants.
Piedrahita de Castro is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 138 inhabitants.
Rionegro del Puente is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. , it had a population of 318 inhabitants.
San Vicente de la Cabeza is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 559 inhabitants.
Trefacio is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 247 inhabitants.
Villaralbo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 1,669 inhabitants.
Arahuetes is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, in Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2017 census , the municipality has a population of 41 inhabitants.
Cerezo de Abajo is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain.
Escarabajosa de Cabezas is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 363 inhabitants.
Los Huertos is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 152 inhabitants.
Navares de las Cuevas is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 31 inhabitants.
Ribota is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2014 census , the municipality has a population of 43 inhabitants.
Torre Val de San Pedro is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 191 inhabitants.
Tortorella is a town and "comune" of the province of Salerno, Campania, in south-western Italy. 
Ausejo de la Sierra is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 63 inhabitants.
Carrascosa de Abajo is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 33 inhabitants.
Hinojosa del Campo is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 41 inhabitants.
Nepas is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 81 inhabitants.
San Felices is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 81 inhabitants.
Valdenebro is a municipality located in the province of Soria, in Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2017 census , the municipality has a population of 114 inhabitants.
Vinuesa is a municipality located in the province of Soria, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 1,031 inhabitants.
Lumbrales is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 1,697 inhabitants.
Morille is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 254 inhabitants.
Pelabravo is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 818 inhabitants.
Puente del Congosto is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 236 inhabitants.
Salmoral is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 147 inhabitants.
Sepulcro-Hilario is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. 
Tamames is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 826 inhabitants.
Villaflores is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 293 inhabitants.
Villarmuerto is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 41 inhabitants.
Barcial de la Loma is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 151 inhabitants.
Castromonte is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 394 inhabitants. Olympic sports shooter Domingo Rodríguez was born here.
Fresno el Viejo is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2017 census , the municipality has a population of 927 inhabitants.
Kenya Navy is the naval branch of Kenyan military forces. It is headquartered in Mombasa.
Mucientes is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 632 inhabitants.
Quintanilla de Arriba is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2017 census , the municipality has a population of 155 inhabitants.
San Miguel del Pino is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. 
Torrecilla de la Abadesa is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 326 inhabitants.
Velilla is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 138 inhabitants.
Villalba de la Loma is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 46 inhabitants.
Neerppuzha  is the first noted tributary of Chaliyar. It is a small river originating from the forests east to Munderi, in Pothukal Panchayath of Malappuram district. 
Bresegard bei Eldena is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Klein Rogahn is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Schossin is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Dr. NTR University of Health Sciences , formerly Andhra Pradesh University of Health Sciences, is a public university in the city of Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Uelitz is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Ulawa Island is an island in the Solomon Islands. It is located near Malaita Island and belongs to Makira Ulawa Province. 
Lemuy Island is an island in Chiloé Archipelago, Chile, off the eastern coast of Chiloé Island.
The Popular Front of the Canary Islands  or FREPIC-AWAÑAK is a marginal leftist political party seeking independence from Spain for the Canary Islands.
Blankenhof is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Kratzeburg is a municipality in the district Mecklenburgische Seenplatte, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Trollenhagen is a municipality in the district Mecklenburgische Seenplatte, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. Formerly the home of an East German Air Force base.
Bollewick is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is administered by the Röbel-Müritz office in the city of Röbel / Müritz. 
Stuer is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Kargow is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Beryozovye Islands , alternatively spelled Berezovye Islands, is an island group in Leningrad Oblast, Russia. The islands are situated at the head of the Gulf of Finland, just outside the town of Primorsk on the Karelian Isthmus.
Preetz is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Grambow is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Roggendorf is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Boiensdorf is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Klein Trebbow is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Pingelshagen is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Upahl is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. The former municipality Plüschow was merged into Upahl in January 2019.
Altenpleen is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Jakobsdorf is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Schlemmin is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Sergei Aleksandrovich Fokin (; born 26 July 1961 in Ulyanovsk) is a former Russian footballer. He was famous during the days he played for CSKA Moscow for scoring numerous own goals, including 1990 league game against FC Spartak Moscow and European cup games against A.S. Roma and Rangers F.C.
Kerstin Stegemann (born 29 September 1977) is a former female footballer from Germany.
Babett Peter (born 12 May 1988) is a German footballer. She plays as a defender for VfL Wolfsburg.
Petra Wimbersky (born 9 November 1982 in Munich) is a former German football striker. After four years at FFC Frankfurt she returned to her former club Bayern Munich. She also plays for the German national team.
Blankenberg is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Wrangelsburg is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Rankwitz is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Krusenfelde is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Diedrichshagen is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Bargischow is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Ganzlin is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
The Gulf of Gemlik  is an inlet of the Sea of Marmara in the Marmara region of Turkey. The gulf is located in the southwestern part of the sea. Mudanya, Gemlik and Armutlu are the major towns surrounding the gulf.
DTV was a television station in Moldova.
KQXC-FM (branded as "Hot 103.9") is a radio station serving Wichita Falls, Texas and Vicinity with a Rhythmic Top 40 format. It operates on FM frequency 103.9 MHz and is under ownership of Cumulus Media.
Rempang is an island, located 2.5 km South-East of Batam,
Nicole Renee Barnhart (born October 10, 1981) is an American soccer goalkeeper, and a two-time Olympic gold medalist who currently plays for Utah Royals FC in the National Women's Soccer League. She played for the FC Gold Pride and the Philadelphia Independence in Women's Professional Soccer, and is a goalkeeper of the United States national team. She competed in qualifying matches for 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, 2011 Four Nations Tournament and 2011 Algarve Cup.
Pinnow is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Raben Steinfeld is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Trent is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Blankensee is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is located on the border with Poland.
Zerrenthin is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Liepgarten is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Altwigshagen is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Poseritz is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Dreschvitz is a municipality in southwest Vorpommern-Rügen, a district on the island of Rügen in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is managed from the "Amt" of West-Rügen with its head offices in the village of Samtens.
Bell and James were an American soul group from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania formed by Leroy Bell on  and Casey James .
Bettina Wiegmann (born 7 October 1971 in Euskirchen) is a retired German football midfielder. She scored 51 goals in 154 caps for the German national team between 1989 and 2003. In 1997 she was selected "German Female Footballer of the Year".
Hans-Kristian Solberg Vittinghus (born 16 January 1986) is a Danish badminton player. Currently sponsored by Victor, he previously used Carlton.
Barry De Vorzon (born July 31, 1934) is an American singer, songwriter, producer, and composer. His earliest hit compositions were "Just Married" (1958), written with Al Allen and recorded by Marty Robbins, which reached number 26 on "Billboard" magazine's Hot 100 chart and number one on the Country chart; and "Dreamin'" (1960), written with Ted Ellis, recorded by Johnny Burnette, and charting at number 11 on the Hot 100. 
Pichoy Airport  is an airport northeast of Valdivia, a city in the Los Ríos Region of Chile.
Riethnordhausen is a municipality in the Sömmerda district of Thuringia, Germany.
Encuentro por Guatemala – a Spanish name variously translated as "Encounter for Guatemala" , or as "Together for Guatemala"  – is a Guatemalan political party; "encuentro" may also translate as "gathering", "meeting", or "union". 
Kim Ki-soo (17 September 1939 – 10 June 1997) was a South Korean southpaw boxer at middleweight. He was South Korea's first world boxing champion.
Stephen Adam Amell (born May 8, 1981) is a Canadian actor known for portraying Oliver Queen / Green Arrow on The CW superhero series "Arrow", the progenitor of the Arrowverse. A lifelong professional wrestling fan, he has made guest appearances in major American promotions, including working a match for WWE in 2015 and recently for Ring of Honor in 2017, joining the stable Bullet Club and later The Elite.
Morzhovets Island  is an island in the southern limit of the Barents Sea. It is located in Mezen Bay, at the entrance of the White Sea thus separating the Barents Sea and the White Sea. 
Xavier Tondo Volpini (5 November 1978 in Valls, Spain – 23 May 2011 in Monachil, Spain) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist who specialized in mountain stages of bicycle races.
Laval-Pradel is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Gajan is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Cros  is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Cendras is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
FC Chavdar  is a Bulgarian football club from the town of Etropole, that competes in the South-West Third League.
Belz  is a commune in the Morbihan département in Brittany in northwestern France.
Pacheco Creek is a waterway in central Contra Costa County, California. It empties into Suisun Bay. 
Guru Jambheshwar University of Science and Technology, Hisar, was founded in 1995. The jurisdiction of the university extends to the courses being run in the areas of science, technology, engineering, pharmacy and management.
Jonas Hiller (born 12 February 1982) is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for EHC Biel of the National League . Hiller has previously played in the National Hockey League  for the Calgary Flames and the Anaheim Ducks, the latter with which he began his NHL career with in 2007 after going undrafted in any NHL Entry Draft.
The University of Kashmir is a university located on the western side of Dal Lake in the city of Srinagar, which lies in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
The UCD Bowl is a rugby union and football stadium in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown, Ireland. It is the home ground of University College Dublin R.F.C. in the AIB All Ireland League and League of Ireland Premier Division side University College Dublin A.F.C.. It has also hosted training sessions for the Ireland national rugby union team and various touring international teams including the All Blacks.
Vip operator was a mobile network operator in North Macedonia and a member of the Telekom Austria Group.
The University of Music and Performing Arts Graz  is a music and arts university in Graz, Austria. The university was given its present name in 1970, but goes back to the founding of the Singschule in 1816.
Nottingham Industrial Museum is situated in part of the 17th-century stables block of Wollaton Hall, located in a suburb of the city of Nottingham.
The Museo Municipal de Bellas Artes de Santa Cruz de Tenerife is a museum of fine arts located in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife . Its headquarters are located in the rear of the Church of St. Francis of Assisi.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in New Jersey were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 to elect the 12 U.S. Representatives from the state of New Jersey, one from each of the state's 12 congressional districts. The elections coincided with the 2014 United States midterm elections for other federal and state offices, including U.S. House elections in other states and a U.S. Senate election in New Jersey.
Changzhou Changjiang Bus was a bus manufacturer based in Changzhou, Jiangsu, China. Changzhou Changjiang was reported to be the largest bus builder in China. 
Elections to the House of Representatives in Missouri for the 23rd Congress were held August 5, 1832 and August 6, 1833 for two Representatives. Unusually, rather than a single election for both seats, the second seat was elected a year after the first.
Naracoorte Coastal Plain is an interim Australian bioregion located in the southeast of South Australia.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in Virginia were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014, to elect the 11 members from the state of Virginia to the United States House of Representatives, one from each of the state's 11 congressional districts. On the same day, elections took place for other federal and state offices, including an election to the United States Senate. 
Lieven Ferdinand de Beaufort (March 23, 1879 in Den Treek, Leusden – 11 May 1968 in Amersfoort) was a Dutch biologist who, in 1903, participated in the North New Guinea Expedition. In the 1920s he was director of the Zoological Museum of Artis in Amsterdam and later zoogeography professor at the University of Amsterdam.
Inktank Storage was the lead development contributor and financial sponsor company behind the open source Ceph distributed file system. Inktank was founded by Sage Weil and Bryan Bogensberger and initially funded by DreamHost Citrix and Mark Shuttleworth.
Zhao Kezhi (; born December 1953) is a Chinese politician and police officer, who is the current Minister and Party Committee Secretary of the Ministry of Public Security. He is the former Communist Party Secretary of Hebei and Guizhou provinces, and the former Governor of Guizhou province. 
The Eagle Alliance is a coalition between the Kenya National Congress and the Party of Action for the Kenyan general election of 2013. Its presidential candidate was Peter Kenneth, the former member of parliament for Gatanga Constituency. Kenneth's running mate was Ronald Osumba.
Active Interest Media  is a publisher specialized on "niche enthusiast magazines" . 
Chen Quanguo (; born November 1955) is a Chinese politician and current Communist Party Secretary of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and a member of the 19th Politburo of the Communist Party of China. Originally from Henan province, Chen was among the first batch of students to graduate university after the resumption of "Gaokao" examinations in 1978. 
The Tidbinbilla River, a perennial stream that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
Haneen Zoabi (, ; born 23 May 1969), is an Israeli Arab politician. The first Arab woman to be elected to the legislature on an Arab party's list, she served as a member of the Knesset for the Balad party between 2009 and 2019.
Cooch Behar State Railway  was a narrow gauge railway from Jayanti to Lalmonirhat in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Sinop University  is a university located in Sinop, Turkey. It was established in 2007.
The Burke River, a watercourse that is part of the Nepean River catchment, is located in the Southern Highlands of New South Wales, Australia.
M Radio  is a radio station, based at Lyon  and created in 1981. M is dedicated to only French songs like its local competitor in Île-de-France, Chante France.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in Pennsylvania were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014, to elect the 18 U.S. Representatives from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, one from each of the state's 18 congressional districts. The elections coincided with other elections to the United States Senate and House of Representatives and various state and local elections, including the Governor of Pennsylvania and Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania.
Natnael Berhane (; born 5 January 1991 in Asmara) is an Eritrean professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental team . He is a two time African cycling champion in 2012 and 2013.
The Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, formerly known as Duhail Stadium, is a football stadium in Doha, Qatar.
Federalni Radio  is entity level public radio channel operated by Radio-Television of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Francis I of Cleves, (2 September 1516 – 13 February 1561) was a commander in the French Royal Army and the first Duke of Nevers. He participated in the suppression of the Amboise conspiracy.
Syekh Hamzah Fansyuri Airport  is an airport located in Singkil, Aceh Singkil Regency, Aceh, Indonesia.
The National Railway Infrastructure Company  is Bulgaria's state railway infrastructure company, established as an entity on 1 January 2002. The company's headquarters are located in the capital city Sofia near Sofia Central Station.
Newry City Athletic Football Club is a semi-professional Northern Irish football club who play in the NIFL Championship. It is based in Newry, County Down and plays at the Showgrounds. 
Radio Espace is a French local radio station created in the mid-1990s, broadcasting mainly in and around the city of Lyon. The station is owned by the Espace Group.
The Centrist Democratic Party of the Philippines  is a Christian democratic party in the Philippines. Created in 2010, it is headed by Cagayan de Oro representative Rufus Rodriguez. The party aims to "institutionalize an alternative to patronage-oriented political parties".
Telemach  is the leading cable television and broadband internet service provider and the largest alternative fixed line operator in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The company is owned by British company BC Partners.
Johann Philipp Neumann (27 December 1774 – 3 October 1849) was an Austrian physicist, librarian and poet.
Irina Robertovna Turova (later "Bochkaryova" and "Mordovtseva", ; 14 May 1935 – 8 February 2012) was a Soviet sprinter. She placed fourth in the 4×100 m relay at the 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics and won two gold and one silver medal at the 1954 European Athletics Championships.
The Urubamba mountain range  lies in the Cusco Region in Peru. It extends in a northwesterly direction between 13°08' and 13°17'S and 71°58' and 72°16'W for about 30 km.
Hideki Tojo (Kyūjitai: ; Shinjitai: ; ""; December 30, 1884 – December 23, 1948) was a Japanese politician and general of the Imperial Japanese Army  who concurrently served as the Imperial Rule Assistance Association's leader and 27th Prime Minister of Japan during much of World War II. He was among the most outspoken proponents for preventive war against the United States before the attack on Pearl Harbor and one of the leading perpetrators behind Japanese war crimes on prisoners of war and civilians during the Pacific conflict. 
George Street is the central thoroughfare of the First New Town of Edinburgh, planned in the 18th century by James Craig.
The Party of Left Socialist-Revolutionaries was a revolutionary socialist political party formed during the Russian Revolution. 
American Authors is an American rock band based in New York City currently signed to Island Records. It currently consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Zac Barnett, lead guitarist and banjoist James Adam Shelley, bassist Dave Rublin, and drummer Matt Sanchez. They are best known for their hit singles "Believer" and "Best Day of My Life" from their debut album "Oh, What a Life", as well as their top 20 hit, "Go Big or Go Home", from their second album, "What We Live For".
Jacek Cichocki (born 17 December 1971) is an independent Polish politician and a former member of the Polish Council of Ministers. Cichocki served as the minister of interior in the second cabinet of Prime Minister Donald Tusk and later as chief of the Chancellery for Tusk and his successor Ewa Kopacz
Bis Ii Ah Wash is a stream located in Apache County, Arizona, southwest of the census-designated place of Nazlini. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980, and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8, 1980.
Aalborg Kongres & Kultur Center  is an indoor arena located in Aalborg, Denmark, which is used for exhibitions and concerts. The facility was inaugurated in 1953 and has a capacity of 3,000 people. 
Muara Bungo Airport is an airport in Muara Bungo, Jambi, Indonesia. The airport started operating since November 25, 2012. 
Corn Creek Wash  is a stream located in Coconino County, Arizona, southeast of the census-designated place of Leupp. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980, and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8, 1980.
The Humanist Party  is a political party in Iceland founded on 25 June 1984. It has run candidates in the 1987 and 1999 parliamentary elections, but has never achieved representation. It is related to the International Humanist Party.
Free Cause Party  is a far-right Sunni Islamist political party in Turkey.
The National Library of the Kingdom of Morocco   is located in Rabat, Morocco with a branch in Tetouan. The Bibliothèque Générale was created in 1924. 
Leicester City Under-23s are the former reserve team of Leicester City. The team mainly consists of under-23 players at the club, although senior players occasionally play in the reserve side, for instance when they are recovering from injury. The Under-23s team are managed by Steve Beaglehole and they play in Premier League 2.
Before You Exit is an American pop rock band originally from Orlando, Florida, now based in Los Angeles, California. The band consists of brothers Connor, Riley, and Toby McDonough.
The Tunisia national under-17 football team , nicknamed "Les Aigles de Carthage ", is the national under-17 football team of Tunisia and is controlled by the Tunisian Football Federation. The team competes in the African U-17 Championship, UNAF U-17 Tournament and the FIFA U-17 World Cup, which is held every two years.
MotorCoach Australia was an Australian bus manufacturer in Geebung, Brisbane.
FC Isloch Minsk Raion is a Belarusian football club based in Minsk, although they officially represent Minsk Raion and named after Islach River.
High Fidelity is a privately held company headquartered in San Francisco.
The National Centre of Social Republicans  was a French Gaullist political party founded in 1954. Its president was Jacques Chaban-Delmas. It ceased to exist in 1958.
Anhui Construction Engineering Group  is a Chinese construction company that ranks as the 65th largest contractor in the world by 2011 revenue. 
Peter Hook and The Light are an English rock band, formed in May 2010 by bass guitarist/vocalist Peter Hook, formerly of the influential post-punk bands Joy Division and New Order. The band also features Hook's son Jack Bates , as well as Andy Poole  and Paul Kehoe , who both played with Hook as part of Monaco, one of Hook's previous groups. 
Ferdinand Fabra (8 October 1906 – 22 December 2007) was a German football manager.
Skylight Films is a division of ABS-CBN Films that specializes in producing films for niche market. Its first feature film was the 2012 comedy romance "My Cactus Heart".
Bharat Bhavan is an autonomous multi-arts complex and museum in Bhopal, India, established and funded by the Government of Madhya Pradesh.The architect of Bhavan is Charles Correa. 
Abd al-Haqq II (Abd al-Haqq ibn Uthman Abu Muhammad; 1419–1465) was Marinid Sultan of Morocco from 1420 to 1465.
The Moldova national under-17 football team represents Moldova in international football at this age level and is controlled by the Moldovan Football Federation, the governing body for football in Moldova. The team competes to qualify for the UEFA European Under-17 Championship held every year.
Kelso is a suburb of Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia, in the Bathurst Regional Council area.
Tenerife South Airport  , previously known as Tenerife South–Reina Sofia Airport, is the larger of the two international airports located on the island of Tenerife  and the second busiest in the Canary Islands . It is located in the municipality of Granadilla de Abona and handled over 11 million passengers in 2018.
KALV-FM (101.5 MHz, "Live 101-5") is a commercial FM radio station in Phoenix, Arizona. It is owned by Entercom and it airs a Top 40/CHR format. KALV-FM's studios are located in downtown Phoenix, and its transmitter is in South Mountain Park. 
Anita Stewart (February 7, 1895 – May 4, 1961) was an American actress and film producer of the early silent film era.
Yves Chauvin (; 10 October 1930 – 27 January 2015) was a French chemist and Nobel Prize laureate. He was honorary research director at the "Institut français du pétrole" and a member of the French Academy of Science. He was known for his work for deciphering the process of metathesis for which he was awarded the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry along with Robert H. Grubbs and Richard R. Schrock.
Kenneth Raymond Hodge, Sr. (born 25 June 1944) is a retired hockey player who played in the National Hockey League  for the Chicago Black Hawks, Boston Bruins and New York Rangers. 
Henry Hubbard (May 3, 1784June 5, 1857) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1829 to 1835, a Senator from New Hampshire during 1835 to 1841, and the Governor of New Hampshire from 1842 to 1844.
The Nipple Erectors  were an English punk rock band formed in London in 1976 by female punk artist Shanne Bradley and are notable as having been Pogues frontman Shane MacGowan's first musical group.
Thomas Hammarberg (born 2 January 1942) is a Swedish diplomat and human rights defender. 
KBFB (97.9 FM, "97.9 The Beat") is a Dallas/Fort Worth-based radio station with an Urban Contemporary format. It is owned by Radio One with sister station KZMJ. Its studios  are located in the Galleria Area in North Dallas, and its transmitter is located in Cedar Hill.
George Delmetia Beauchamp "(pronounced" BEE–chum; March 18, 1899 – March 30, 1941) was an American inventor of musical instruments and a founder of National Stringed Instrument Corporation and Rickenbacker  guitars.
Psygnosis Limited  was a video game developer and publisher headquartered at Wavertree Technology Park in Liverpool, England. Founded in 1984 by Jonathan Ellis, Ian Hetherington and David Lawson. 
The Upper Ammonoosuc River is a tributary of the Connecticut River that flows through Coös County in northern part of the northeastern U.S. state of New Hampshire. Despite its name, the river is not an upstream portion of the Ammonoosuc River, but instead a separate tributary of the Connecticut River flowing from to the north of the Ammonoosuc.
Carlos Atanes (born November 8, 1971 in Barcelona, Spain) is a Spanish film director, writer and playwright. His first finished feature-length movie is "FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions", which he released in 2004. 
Douelle is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
CKDX-FM (88.5 FM, "Jewel 88.5") is a radio station licensed to Newmarket, Ontario. Owned by Evanov Radio Group (but with a 30% stake held by outside investors under numbered companies), it broadcasts a soft adult contemporary format. CKDX's studios are located on Dundas Street West in the Eatonville neighbourhood of Etobicoke, Toronto, while its transmitter is located near Aurora
Aaron Hillel Swartz (November 8, 1986January 11, 2013) was an American computer programmer, entrepreneur, writer, political organizer, and Internet hacktivist. He was involved in the development of the web feed format RSS and the Markdown publishing format, the organization Creative Commons, and the website framework web.py, and was a co-founder of the social news site Reddit. He was given the title of co-founder by Y Combinator owner Paul Graham after the formation of Not a Bug, Inc. .
The Oka  is a river in Siberia, left tributary of the Angara River. It originates in the Sayan Mountains in western Buryatia and flows through Irkutsk Oblast. It flows for 630 km (391 mi), into the Bratsk reservoir.
, alternately romanized as Kinhwa, is a prefecture-level city in central Zhejiang province in eastern China. It borders the provincial capital of Hangzhou to the northwest, Quzhou to the southwest, Lishui to the south, Taizhou to the east, and Shaoxing to the northeast. 
Agneta Monica Andersson (born 25 April 1961 in Karlskoga, Örebro County) is a Swedish sprint canoer who competed from the early 1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in five Summer Olympics, she won seven medals with three gold (K-1 500 m: 1984, K-2 500 m: 1984, 1996), two silvers (K-4 500 m: 1984, K-2 500 m: 1992), and two bronzes (K-4 500 m: 1992, 1996).
WQMG is an Urban Adult Contemporary station licensed to Greensboro, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad region, which also includes High Point and Winston-Salem. The Entercom outlet broadcasts at 97.1 MHz with an ERP of 100 kW. The station's studios are located near the Piedmont Triad International Airport, and a transmitter site is in unincorporated south Guilford County.
Scar Symmetry is a Swedish metal band from Avesta in Dalarna County, Sweden, formed in 2004. The band has released six albums, with seven released singles. 
Aneityum  is the southernmost island of Vanuatu, in the province of Tafea.
Penwortham  is a town in South Ribble, Lancashire, England, on the south bank of the River Ribble facing the city of Preston. The town is at the most westerly crossing point of the river, with major road and rail links crossing it here. The population of the town at the 2011 census was 23,047.
Mendicino  is a city and "comune" in the province of Cosenza, Calabria, in Southern Italy.
Stefan Aust (born 1 July 1946) is a German journalist.
Varina  is a former unincorporated community and current magisterial district in the easternmost portion of Henrico County, Virginia, United States.
Theodoros Pangalos (, born 17 August 1938) is a Greek politician, and leading member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. He served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Greece, responsible for the coordination of the Government Council for Foreign Affairs and Defense  and the new Economic & Social Policy Committee from 2009 to 2012 
Big Y Foods, Inc.  is an American, family-owned supermarket chain located in Massachusetts and Connecticut. It operates under the trade names "Big Y World Class Market" or "Big Y Supermarket."
The Republican Party of Virginia  is the Virginia chapter of the Republican Party. It is based in the Richard D. Obenshain Center in Richmond in the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
Novara Calcio, commonly referred to as Novara, is an Italian football club based in Novara, Piedmont.
Deportivo Galicia Fútbol Club  is a traditional football club from Venezuela.
Zachary Justin Parise (born July 28, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey left winger who is currently serving as an alternate captain for the Minnesota Wild in the National Hockey League . He has also played for the New Jersey Devils, where he served as team captain and led the team to the 2012 Stanley Cup Finals.
Georg Dionysius Ehret (30 January 1708 – 9 September 1770) was a botanist and entomologist, and is best known for his botanical illustrations.
Asteasu  is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain.
Beizama is a town in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain.
Associazione Sportiva Pizzighettone was an Italian association football club, based in Pizzighettone, Lombardy.
Lasarte-Oria is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain. It was founded in 1986.
Olaberria is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.
Nicodemus Tessin the Elder  (7 December 1615 in Stralsund – 24 May 1681 in Stockholm) was an important Swedish architect.
Rot Weiss Ahlen is a German football club based in Ahlen, North Rhine-Westphalia. Until 2006 the club was known as "LR Ahlen" for its major sponsor, but underwent a name change when the sponsor withdrew its support after the team was relegated to the Regionalliga  in that year.
Kornelia Ender (later Matthes now Grummt, born 25 October 1958 in Plauen, Bezirk Karl-Marx-Stadt) is a former East German swimmer who at the 1976 Summer Olympics became the first woman swimmer to win four gold medals at a single Olympic Games, all in world record times. It was later proven that the East German team doctors had systematically administered steroids to their athletes . 
Urretxu  is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.
Jens Kruppa (born 3 June 1976 in Freital) is an international breaststroke swimmer from Germany, who won the silver medal in the 4×100 metres medley relay at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Arrieta  is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain. Arrieta is part of the "comarca" of Mungialdea. It had a population of 552 inhabitants as of 2007, and a population of 564 inhabitants as of 2017.
The Jewish Federations of North America , formerly the United Jewish Communities , is an American Jewish umbrella organization representing 148 Jewish Federations and 300 independent Jewish communities across North America. JFNA was formed from the merger of the United Jewish Appeal , Council of Jewish Federations, and the United Israel Appeal.
Etxebarri, Doneztebeko Elizatea  is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Basque Community, in the North of Spain.
Gordexola is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Laukiz is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Kate Marie Ziegler (born June 27, 1988) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in freestyle and long-distance events. Ziegler has won a total of fifteen medals in major international competition, including eight golds, five silvers, and two bronze spanning the World Aquatics and the Pan Pacific Championships. She was a member of the 2012 United States Olympic Team, and competed in the 800-meter freestyle event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Orozko is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country in northern Spain.
Dame Vera Stephanie "Steve" Shirley (née Buchthal; born 16 September 1933) is a British information technology pioneer, businesswoman and philanthropist.
The Honorary Title was an American alternative indie rock band from Brooklyn, New York, United States. The band released their first self-titled EP "The Honorary Title" in 2003 and then their first album in 2004, "Anything Else But the Truth", which was later re-released with five additional songs and two bonus videos. 
XEX-AM (730 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station based in Mexico City, Mexico. It carries a sports radio format known as "W Deportes." The station is owned by Televisa Radio.
Jerry Collins (4 November 1980 – 5 June 2015) was a Samoan-born professional New Zealand rugby union player. He played for New Zealand, for whom he was capped 48 times, and most recently played for RC Narbonne, in the Rugby Pro D2. 
The Federated States of Micronesia national football team is the national team of the Federated States of Micronesia and is controlled by the Federated States of Micronesia Football Association. The team is not a member of FIFA, or a regional confederation, and therefore cannot compete in the World Cup.
Hasan Habib (born 19 April 1962 in Karachi, Pakistan) is a Pakistani American professional poker player.
Gary Stuart Hocking (30 September 1937 – 21 December 1962) was a Grand Prix motorcycle racing world champion from Southern Rhodesia who raced in the late 1950s and early 1960s, representing the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland.
Manfredonia Calcio S.r.l. Sportiva Dilettantistica commonly known as Manfredonia Calcio or just Manfredonia is an Italian association football club, based in Manfredonia, in the Province of Foggia, Apulia. Currently it plays in Serie D.
Rietavas  is a city in Lithuania on the Jūra River. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 3,979. It is the capital of Rietavas municipality.
Eastern Australia Airlines Pty Ltd is an airline based on the grounds of Sydney Airport in Mascot, New South Wales, Australia. It is a regional domestic airline serving sixteen destinations within Australia under the QantasLink banner; and since December 2015 six destinations in New Zealand, on behalf of Jetstar Airways. Its main base is Sydney Airport, with a hub at Melbourne Airport.
Matlock is a town in Victoria, Australia on the Warburton–Woods Point Road, in the Shire of Mansfield.
Hoyleton  is a former railway town in South Australia, west of the Clare Valley, halfway between Leasingham and Halbury. At the 2006 census, Hoyleton had a population of 283.
Ugao-Miraballes  is a town and municipality in the province of Biscay and autonomous community of the Basque Country in northern Spain.
Chizhou  is a prefecture-level city in the south of Anhui province, China. It borders Anqing to the northwest, Tongling and Wuhu to the northeast, Xuancheng to the east, Huangshan to the southeast, and the province of Jiangxi to the southwest.
Berantevilla  is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.
Kripan  is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain
University of the Southwest is a private interdenominational four-year university located in Hobbs, New Mexico, United States. The university was incorporated under its current name in 1962, although the college existed several years prior as a two-year Baptist educational institution.
Frank-Walter Steinmeier (; born 5 January 1956) is a German politician serving as President of Germany since 19 March 2017. He was previously Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2005 to 2009 and again from 2013 to 2017, and Vice-Chancellor of Germany from 2007 to 2009. He was chairman-in-office of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe  in 2016.
Agoitz, or Spanish Aoiz, is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Mohamed Kallon, MOR (born 6 October 1979) is a Sierra Leonean international manager and former footballer who played as a forward. He is widely considered the most famous footballer from Sierra Leone. 
Avaray is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Andrea Appiani (31 May 17548 November 1817) was an Italian neoclassical painter.
Annandale-on-Hudson is a hamlet in Dutchess County, New York, United States, in the Hudson Valley in the town of Red Hook, across the Hudson River from Kingston.
Dorit Beinisch (; born February 28, 1942) was the 9th president of the Supreme Court of Israel. Appointed on September 14, 2006, after the retirement of Aharon Barak, she served in this position until February 28, 2012. 
The University of Tennessee College of Dentistry is the dental school of the University of Tennessee. It is located in Memphis, Tennessee, United States, and its facilities are part of the University of Tennessee Health Science Center. The college has a four-year program and has approximately 320 students.
José Oswald de Souza Andrade (January 11, 1890 – October 22, 1954) was a Brazilian poet and polemicist. He was born and spent most of his life in São Paulo.
Berbinzana  is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in northern Spain.
Bassano Virtus 55 Soccer Team S.p.A., commonly known as Bassano Virtus or just Bassano is a football club based in Bassano del Grappa, Veneto. 
Shchyokino  is a town and the administrative center of Shchyokinsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia, located on the Moscow—Simferopol highway (M2), south of Tula, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 72,000 (1977).
Volodymyr Vasylyovych Shcherbytsky ( IPA: [vɔlɔˈdɪmɪr vɐˈsɪlʲɔvɪt͡ʃ ʃt͡ʃerˈbɪt͡sʲkɪj], ; 17 February 1918, Verkhnodniprovsk — 16 February 1990) was a Ukrainian and Soviet politician. He was a leader of the Communist Party of Ukraine from 1972 to 1989. 
Holt McDougal is an American publishing company, a division of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, that specializes in textbooks for use in secondary schools.
Graeme Milbourne Clark AC (born 16 August 1935 in Camden, New South Wales) is an Australian Professor of Otolaryngology at the University of Melbourne. He invented a multiple-channel cochlear implant.
Harvey Grant (born July 4, 1965) is a retired American National Basketball Association basketball player. He is the identical twin brother of Horace Grant, also a former NBA player.
Thorn Cycles is a British manufacturer of bicycles based in Bridgwater, Somerset. They specialise in tandems, touring and randonneuring cycles, with their frames manufactured in Taiwan.
Nicolas Launay is an English record producer, composer and recording engineer. He is one of the most sought after record producers in the world due to his success with recent albums by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Arcade Fire. He is among the most successful producers of the post-punk era, helming records from pivotal acts including Public Image Ltd, Gang of Four, Killing Joke, The Birthday Party, and The Slits.
Jeremy Russell Brockie (born 7 October 1987) is a New Zealand professional footballer who plays for Mamelodi Sundowns in the South African Premier Soccer League.
WingNut Films is a New Zealand production company based in Wellington, New Zealand. It is notable for producing and collaborates predominantly with filmmaker Peter Jackson. 
Espen Bredesen (born 2 February 1968) is a Norwegian former ski jumper.
Hallstahammars SK is a Swedish sports club located in Hallstahammar in Västmanland County.
James Murray, 2nd Duke of Atholl (28 September 16908 January 1764), styled Marquess of Tullibardine between 1715 and 1746, was a Scottish peer, and Lord Privy Seal.
Ciaran Gerard Carson (born 9 October 1948) is a Belfast, Northern Ireland-born poet and novelist.
The Palliser Range  is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies that lies in the extreme southeast corner of Banff National Park. 
Builders Square was a big-box home improvement retailer headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. A subsidiary of Kmart, its format was quite similar to The Home Depot, Menards, and Lowe's with floor space of about , and inventories in excess of 35,000 different items. 
Betelu is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The Mariñelarena family has its origins in the village and was prominent in politics and government.
Castillo-Nuevo  is a town located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Eratsun is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Eulate is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Guirguillano  is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Javier  is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain, with a population of 112. The name is the Romanized form of the original "Etxaberri" .
Lerga is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Milagro is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Waterville/Kings County Municipal Airport, formerly , was located adjacent to Waterville, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Olza is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Pueyo is a town located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Tirapu is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Urdiain is a town and municipality located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, in the North of Spain.
Ziordia is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Associazione Calcio Cuneo 1905 is an Italian football club, based in Cuneo, Piedmont. The club currently plays in Serie C after achieving promotion by winning the Group A divisional title in the 2016–17 Serie D season.
Vawkavysk  is one of the oldest towns in southwestern Belarus and the capital of the Vawkavysk district. It is located on the Wołkowyja River, roughly from Grodno and from Minsk. 
Cajamarca , also known by the Cajamarca Quechua name, Kashamarka, is the capital and largest city of the Cajamarca Region as well as an important cultural and commercial center in the northern Andes. It is located in the northern highlands of Peru at approximately 2,750 m (8,900 ft) above sea level in the valley of the Mashcon river. 
Elizabeth Haydon (born 1965) is an American fantasy author. She has written two fantasy series set within the same universe, the fantasy/romance/whodunit fusion called The Symphony of Ages and the young adult series The Lost Journals of Ven Polypheme. 
The Nicobar Islands are an archipelagic island chain in the eastern Indian Ocean. They are located in Southeast Asia, 150 km north of Aceh on Sumatra, and separated from Thailand to the east by the Andaman Sea. Located 1,300 km southeast of the Indian subcontinent, across the Bay of Bengal, they form part of the Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India.
Benjamin Ashenafi Gordon (born April 4, 1983) is a former British-American professional basketball player. Gordon played college basketball for the University of Connecticut and won a national championship with them in 2004.
Marcel Pagnol (; 28 February 1895 – 18 April 1974) was a French novelist, playwright, and filmmaker. Regarded as an auteur, in 1946, he became the first filmmaker elected to the Académie française. 
Christian Gottlieb Ferdinand Ritter von Hochstetter (30 April 1829 – 18 July 1884) was a German-Austrian geologist.
Stephen Brian Street (born 29 March 1960 in Hackney, London) is an English music producer best known for his work with The Smiths, The Cranberries and Blur. Street collaborated with Morrissey on his debut album "Viva Hate" following the split of The Smiths.
Michael David "Mike" McCready (born April 5, 1966) is an American musician who serves as the lead guitarist for the American rock band Pearl Jam. Along with Jeff Ament, Stone Gossard and Eddie Vedder, he is one of the founding members of Pearl Jam. McCready was also a member of the side project bands Flight to Mars, Temple of the Dog, Mad Season and The Rockfords.
Lester Bowie (October 11, 1941 – November 8, 1999) was an American jazz trumpet player and composer. He was a member of the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians and co-founded the Art Ensemble of Chicago.
Andrew Charles Cyrille (born November 10, 1939) is an American avant-garde jazz drummer. Throughout his career, he has performed both as a leader and a sideman in the bands of Walt Dickerson and Cecil Taylor, among others.
Charles Noel Somerset, later 4th Duke of Beaufort, (12 September 1709–1756) was a British Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1731 until 1745 when he succeeded to the peerage as Duke of Beaufort. 
Hans Zinsser (November 17, 1878 – September 4, 1940) was an American physician, bacteriologist, and prolific author. 
Jack Steven Irons (born July 18, 1962) is an American drummer and multi-instrumentalist. He is best known as the founding drummer of the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, and as a former member of Pearl Jam, with whom he recorded two studio albums.
St. Lawrence University is a private liberal arts college in the village of Canton in St. Lawrence County, New York. It has roughly 2400 undergraduate and 100 graduate students, about equally split between male and female.
Monique Andrée Serf (June 9, 1930 – November 24, 1997) was a French singer. She took her stage name, Barbara, from her grandmother, Varvara Brodsky, a native of Odessa, Russian Empire . 
Cubitt Town is a district on the eastern side of the Isle of Dogs in London, England. This part of Poplar was redeveloped as part of the Port of London in 
The University of St. Thomas  in Houston, Texas, United States is a comprehensive Catholic university. Founded in 1947 by Basilian Fathers, it serves as the only Catholic university in the Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston. 
Clara Mary Jane Clairmont (27 April 1798 – 19 March 1879), or Claire Clairmont as she was commonly known, was the stepsister of writer Mary Shelley and the mother of Lord Byron's daughter Allegra. She is thought to be the subject of a poem by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Bank of the West is a regional financial services company, headquartered in San Francisco, California. It is a subsidiary of BNP Paribas. It has more than 600 branches and offices in the Midwest and Western United States.
Martin Professional is a Danish manufacturer and distributor of stage and architectural lighting and effects fixtures. It is owned by Harman International Industries, a subsidiary of Samsung Electronics. The company is based in Aarhus, Denmark.
William Yarrell (3 June 1784 – 1 September 1856) was an English zoologist, prolific writer, bookseller and naturalist admired by his contemporaries for his precise scientific work.
Mombasa Island is a coral outcrop located on Kenya's coast on the Indian Ocean, which is connected to the mainland by a causeway. Part of the city of Mombasa is located on the island, including the Old Town.
Colombiers-sur-Seulles is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Christopher Paul Mullin (born July 30, 1963) is an American retired professional basketball player and former head coach of the St. John's Red Storm. He previously served as special advisor for the Sacramento Kings and general manager of the Golden State Warriors. He is a two-time Olympic Gold medalist and a two-time Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame inductee (in 2010 as a member of the 1992 United States men's Olympic basketball team ("The Dream Team"), and in 2011 for his individual career).
Wickwar is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England, located between Chipping Sodbury and Charfield. At the 2001 census, the parish had a population of 1,943. 
Hobart and William Smith Colleges are private liberal arts colleges in Geneva, New York. They trace their origins to Geneva Academy established in 1797. 
Turkmenistan Airlines  is the flag carrier and only airline of Turkmenistan, headquartered in Ashgabat. It operates domestic and international passenger and cargo services mainly from its hub at Ashgabat International Airport.
BBC Radio Norfolk is the BBC Local Radio service for the English county of Norfolk, broadcasting since 11 September 1980. It broadcasts from the studios of BBC East in The Forum, Norwich on 95.1 FM , 104.4 FM , 95.6 FM , 855 kHz AM/MW (Postwick, east Norwich near the A47), 873 kHz AM/MW (West Lynn, near the A47 and River Great Ouse), DAB and through the internet using BBC iPlayer.
Trinidad  is a town in the province of Sancti Spíritus, central Cuba. Together with the nearby Valle de los Ingenios, it has been a UNESCO World Heritage site since 1988.
Cormolain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Courvaudon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Cuverville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
BBC Radio Cumbria is the BBC Local Radio service for the English county of Cumbria and broadcasts from studios in Carlisle.
FleetBoston Financial was a Boston, Massachusetts–based bank created in 1999 by the merger of Fleet Financial Group and BankBoston. In 2004 it merged with Bank of America; all of its banks and branches were converted to Bank of America.
Cornwall (2016 population: 5,348) is a Canadian town located in Queens County, Prince Edward Island.
The Walla Walla River is a tributary of the Columbia River, joining the Columbia just above Wallula Gap in southeastern Washington in the United States. The river flows through Umatilla County, Oregon, and Walla Walla County, Washington. Its drainage basin is in area.
Barrhead  is a town in East Renfrewshire, Scotland, south-west of Glasgow city centre on the edge of the Gleniffer Braes. At the 2011 census its population was 17,268. 
Kim Gu (, ; Lunisolar calendar , 1876 – June 26, 1949), also known by his pen name Baekbeom , was a Korean nationalist politician. He was the sixth and later the last Premier of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea, a leader of the Korean independence movement against the Japanese Empire, and a reunification activist after 1945.
Ahd 54 (Arabic عهد 54), "Generation of '54", is a minor Algerian party led by human rights-activist Ali Fawzi Rebaine, who claims to have founded the first Algerian human rights organization. Its name is an allusion to the start of the Algerian War of Independence, in November 1954. 
The Antarctic Peninsula, known as O'Higgins Land in Chile, Tierra de San Martin in Argentina, and originally known as the Palmer Peninsula in the US and as Graham Land in Great Britain, is the northernmost part of the mainland of Antarctica, located at the base of the Southern Hemisphere.
Palaiseau  is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris. Palaiseau is a sub-prefecture of the Essonne department and the seat of the Arrondissement of Palaiseau.
MTU Aero Engines AG is a German aircraft engine manufacturer. MTU develops, manufactures and provides service support for military and civil aircraft engines. 
Mary Marg Helgenberger (born November 16, 1958) is an American actress. She began her career in the early 1980s and first came to attention for playing the role of Siobhan Ryan on the daytime soap opera "Ryan's Hope" from 1982 to 1986. She is best known for her roles as Catherine Willows in the CBS police procedural drama "" (2000–12, 2013, 2015) and the subsequent TV movie "Immortality" (2015) and as K.C. Koloski in the ABC drama "China Beach" (1988–91), which earned her the 1990 Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series.
Austereo Radio Network formerly operated commercial radio networks in metropolitan and regional areas of Australia.
Alberic "Briek" Schotte (born Kanegem, West Flanders, 7 September 1919 – died Kortrijk, 4 April 2004) was a Belgian professional road racing cyclist, one of the champions of the 1940s and 1950s. His stamina earned him the nickname "Iron Briek" .
Axim is a coastal town and the capital of Nzema East Municipal district, a district in Western Region of South Ghana. Axim lies 64 kilometers west of the port city of Sekondi-Takoradi in Western Region to the west of Cape Three Points. 
Aiti  is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
FasTrak is the electronic toll collection  system used in the state of California in the United States. The system is used statewide on all of the toll roads, toll bridges, and high-occupancy toll lanes along the California Freeway and Expressway System.
Charles Thomson Rees Wilson, CH, FRS (14 February 1869 – 15 November 1959) was a Scottish physicist and meteorologist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics for his invention of the cloud chamber.
Pisz  is a town in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland, with a population of 19,466 in 2016. It is the seat of Pisz County. Pisz is located at the junction of Lake Roś and the Pisa River, in the region of Masuria.
The Sandy River is a tributary of the Columbia River in northwestern Oregon in the United States. The Sandy joins the Columbia about upstream of Portland.
Air Sinai  is an airline based in Cairo, Egypt. It operates as a 'paper-airline' for parent company EgyptAir under a wet lease-like agreement to serve flights exclusively between Egypt and Israel.
Severomorsk , previously known as Vayenga , is a closed town in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. Severomorsk is the main administrative base of the Russian Northern Fleet. The town is located on the coast of the Barents Sea along the Kola Bay northeast of Murmansk, the administrative centre of the oblast, to which it is connected by railway and a motorway.
Dennis Andrew Nilsen (23 November 1945 – 12 May 2018) was a Scottish serial killer and necrophile who murdered at least twelve young men between 1978 and 1983 in London, England. Convicted at the Old Bailey of six counts of murder and two of attempted murder, Nilsen was sentenced to life imprisonment on 4 November 1983, with a recommendation that he serve a minimum of 25 years. In his later years, he was incarcerated at Full Sutton maximum security prison.
Christopher Walton ran Cooper (born July 9, 1951) is an American film actor. He has appeared in supporting performances in several major Hollywood films, including the drama "American Beauty" (1999), the biopic about a NASA engineer titled "October Sky" (1999), the action spy film "The Bourne Identity" (2002), the biographical sports film "Seabiscuit" (2003), the biographical film about Truman Capote", Capote" (2005), the geopolitical thriller "Syriana" (2005), the action-thriller "The Kingdom" (2007), the crime drama "The Town" (2010), and the musical comedy film "The Muppets" (2011). 
The Distillers are an Australian-American punk rock band, formed in Los Angeles, California in 1998 by vocalist and guitarist Brody Dalle. Dalle co-wrote, played guitar and provided vocals for nearly every track on the band's three albums. After the breakup of the band in 2006, Dalle and Distillers guitarist Tony Bevilacqua went on to form Spinnerette.
Penikese Island is a island off the coast of Massachusetts, United States, in Buzzards Bay. It is one of the Elizabeth Islands, which make up the town of Gosnold, Massachusetts. Penikese is located near the west end of the Elizabeth island chain.
The American Heart Association  is a non-profit organization in the United States that funds cardiovascular medical research, educates consumers on healthy living and fosters appropriate cardiac care in an effort to reduce disability and deaths caused by cardiovascular disease and stroke. Originally formed in New York City in 1924 as the Association for the Prevention and Relief of Heart Disease, it is currently headquartered in Dallas, Texas. 
Sir Clements Robert Markham (20 July 1830 – 30 January 1916) was an English geographer, explorer, and writer. He was secretary of the Royal Geographical Society  between 1863 and 1888, and later served as the Society's president for a further 12 years. 
Deauville  is a commune in the Calvados département in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Eraines  is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Delphine Claire Beltiane Seyrig (; 10 April 1932 – 15 October 1990) was a Lebanese-born French stage and film actress, a film director and a feminist.
Karl Ludwig Hencke (8 April 1793 – 21 September 1866) was a German amateur astronomer and discoverer of minor planets. He is sometimes confused with Johann Franz Encke, another .
Bell Biv DeVoe, also known as BBD, is an American music group that branched off from New Edition. It consists of three members of New Edition: Ricky Bell, Michael Bivins, and Ronnie DeVoe.
Williams Street Productions, LLC, simply known as Williams Street and formerly known as Ghost Planet Industries, is an American animation and live action television production studio owned by Warner Bros. Entertainment. The studio is the in-house production arm of Adult Swim, as well as the network's main headquarters. Keith Crofford and Mike Lazzo oversee operations for the studio building.
Massimiliano Antonio "Max" Cavalera (, born August 4, 1969) is a Brazilian singer, guitarist, and songwriter who currently plays in heavy metal bands Soulfly, Cavalera Conspiracy, and Killer Be Killed. In 1984, he co-founded the acclaimed thrash metal band Sepultura with his brother Igor Cavalera and was the band's lead singer and rhythm guitarist until he left in 1996. 
Samuel Richard "Sandy" Berger (October 28, 1945 – December 2, 2015) was an American political consultant who served as the United States National Security Advisor for President Bill Clinton from March 14, 1997, until January 20, 2001. Before that he served as the Deputy National Security Advisor for the Clinton Administration from January 20, 1993, until March 14, 1997.
Tickhill is a town and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire, England, on the border with Nottinghamshire. It has a population of 5,301, reducing to 5,228 at the 2011 Census.
Finger Lakes Community College  is a community college in Hopewell, New York. It is affiliated with the State University of New York and sponsored by Ontario County. The main campus is in Hopewell, just east of the City of Canandaigua, with additional campus centers in Victor, Geneva, and Newark to serve the needs of Ontario County, Wayne County, Yates County and Seneca County in the Finger Lakes region of New York.
Johann Balthasar Neumann (; 27 January 1687 (?)– 19 August 1753), usually known as Balthasar Neumann, was a German architect and military artillery engineer who developed a refined brand of Baroque architecture, fusing Austrian, Bohemian, Italian, and French elements to design some of the most impressive buildings of the period, including the Würzburg Residence and the Basilica of the Fourteen Holy Helpers .
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited , commonly referred to as Deloitte, is a multinational professional services network. Deloitte is one of the "Big Four" accounting organizations and the largest professional services network in the world by revenue and number of professionals.
Queanbeyan is a city in south-eastern region of the Australian state of New South Wales, located adjacent to the Australian Capital Territory in the Southern Tablelands region. Located on the Queanbeyan River, the city is the council seat of the Queanbeyan-Palerang Regional Council. At the , the Queanbeyan part of the Canberra–Queanbeyan built-up area had a population of 36,348.
The National Museum of the Romanian Peasant  is a museum in Bucharest, Romania, with a collection of textiles , icons, ceramics, and other artifacts of Romanian peasant life. One of Europe's leading museums of popular arts and traditions, it was designated "European Museum of the Year" for 1996.
Ghada Shouaa (; born September 10, 1972) is a retired Syrian heptathlete. At the 1996 Summer Olympics, she won her country's first and only Olympic gold medal.
Ankleshwar,  is a city and a municipality in the Bharuch district of the state of Gujarat, India. The city is located fourteen kilometres from Bharuch.
Mount Isa  is a city in the Gulf Country region of Queensland, Australia. It came into existence because of the vast mineral deposits found in the area. 
Sir William Huggins (7 February 1824 – 12 May 1910) was an English astronomer best known for his pioneering work in astronomical spectroscopy together with his wife Margaret Lindsay Huggins.
Pakruojis  is a city in Lithuania. It is situated on the Kruoja River, which has a dam above the city. 
ESET is an IT security company that offers anti-virus and firewall products such as ESET NOD32. ESET is headquartered in Bratislava, Slovakia, and was awarded the recognition of the most successful Slovak company in 2008, 2009 and in 2010. 
Charleville is a town and a locality in the Shire of Murweh, Queensland, Australia. In the , Charleville had a population of 3,335 people.
Bofors Carl Gustaf AB is a Swedish armaments firm, now owned by Bofors.
Iban Mayo Diez (born August 19, 1977, in Igorre, Basque Country, Spain) is a former professional road bicycle racer.
William Armand Thomas Tristan Garel-Jones, Baron Garel-Jones, PC (born 28 February 1941) is a British politician. A member of the Conservative Party, he served as the Member of Parliament  for Watford from 1979–97, before being made a life peer in 1997.
Irina Sergeyevna Khabarova (; born March 18, 1966) is a Russian sprinter.
Hermann Gmeiner (23 June 1919 – 26 April 1986) was an Austrian philanthropist and the founder of SOS Children's Villages.
The Union for Democracy and the Republic  is a political party in the Republic of the Congo. André Milongo, who was the country's transitional Prime Minister from 1991 to 1992, was the President of the UDR-Mwinda until his death in 2007.
Victor Baltard (9 June 180513 January 1874) was a French architect famed for work in Paris including designing Les Halles market and the Saint-Augustin church.
Mary Onyali-Omagbemi (née Onyali, born 3 February 1968) is a Nigerian former sprinter, who won the bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 1992 Olympic Games and in the 200 m at the 1996 Olympic Games. She also won the 1994 Commonwealth Games 100 metres title.
Coventry Street is a short street in the West End of London, connecting Piccadilly Circus to Leicester Square. Part of the street is a section of the A4, a major road through London. 
Scott Kenneth Chipperfield (born 30 December 1975) is an Australian soccer player who played as a midfielder for Wollongong Wolves, FC Basel, FC Aesch and Australia. His 2010 FIFA World Cup profile describes him "as a talented attacker with great physical ability and an eye for goal." 
Saint Victorinus of Pettau or of Poetovio (died 303 or 304) was an Early Christian ecclesiastical writer who flourished about 270, and who was martyred during the persecutions of Emperor Diocletian. A Bishop of Poetovio  in Pannonia, Victorinus is also known as Victorinus Petavionensis, Poetovionensis or Victorinus of Ptuj.
The United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases  is the U.S Army's main institution and facility for defensive research into countermeasures against biological warfare. It is located on Fort Detrick, Maryland and is a subordinate lab of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command , headquartered on the same installation.
Dame Catherine Anne Tizard (née Maclean; born 4 April 1931) is a New Zealand politician who served as Mayor of Auckland City from 1983 to 1990, and the 16th Governor-General of New Zealand from 1990 to 1996. She was the first woman to hold either office.
Dream Island is an island lying south-east of Cape Monaco, off the south-west coast of Anvers Island in Wylie Bay, in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica. It was surveyed by the British Naval Hydrographic Survey Unit in 1956-1957 and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for its natural features including a cave and, in summer, a small waterfall, with mossy patches and grass. 
Lavoisier Island is an island long and wide, lying between Rabot and Watkins Islands in the Biscoe Islands, Antarctica. It is separated from Renaud Island and Rabot Island to the northeast by Pendleton Strait, from Watkins Island to the southwest by Lewis Sound, and from Krogh Island to the west-southwest by Vladigerov Passage.
Paraskevi Tsiamita (, , born March 10, 1972) is a former track and field athlete from Greece who competed in long jump and triple jump. In 1998 she improved her personal best in triple jump by approximately one metre, and became world champion in 1999 with a personal best jump of 15.07 metres. 
Osmund  was a King of Sussex, apparently reigning jointly with Oswald, Ælfwald, and Oslac.
APIA Leichhardt Tigers Football Club, also known simply as APIA, is a semi-professional soccer club based in the suburb of Leichhardt in Sydney, Australia. The club was formed in 1954 as APIA Leichhardt, by Italian Australians APIA, winner of the national Australian championship of 1987, is currently a member of the NPL NSW.
Creil is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. The Gare de Creil is an important railway junction.
Jinusean  is a South Korean hip hop duo signed to YG Entertainment. The duo, which is made up of Kim Jin-woo  and Noh Seung-hwan , debuted in 1997 and rose to fame with the single, "Tell Me." 
The Market Street Railway Company was a commercial streetcar and bus operator in San Francisco. The company was named after the famous Market Street of that city, which formed the core of its transportation network. 
Marta Bohn-Meyer (18 August 1957 – 18 September 2005) was an American pilot and engineer.
Matt McCoy (born May 20, 1958) is an American actor known for "The Hand that Rocks the Cradle", "", "" as Sgt. Nick Lassard and Lloyd Braun on "Seinfeld".
Joane Somarriba Arrola (born 11 August 1972 in Gernika, Biscay) is a former Spanish cyclist.
WBGG is a sports radio station based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.. The station broadcasts at 970 kHz with 5,000 watts day and night. WBGG's studios are located in Green Tree, and its transmitter is located in Ross Township, Pennsylvania.
Port Wakefield  was the first government town to be established north of the capital, Adelaide, in South Australia.
Draveil is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris. 
Highams Park is a district in the London Borough of Waltham Forest, England. It is a suburban area adjacent to Epping Forest and situated 8.7 miles (14 km) north-east of Charing Cross.
Gevrey-Chambertin is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department of France in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Diana Elizabeth Scarwid (born August 27, 1955) is an American actress. She is best known for her portrayal of Christina Crawford in the cult classic "Mommie Dearest" (1981). She earned an Academy Award nomination for her performance in the 1980 film "Inside Moves", and an Emmy Award nomination for her work in the television film "Truman" (1995).
John Maddox Roberts is an American author of science fiction and fantasy novels, including historical fiction, such as the "SPQR" series and "Hannibal's Children".
Anne Theresa Donovan (November 1, 1961 – June 13, 2018) was an American women's basketball player and coach. From 2013 to 2015, she was the head coach of the Connecticut Sun.
The Bristol and Gloucester Railway was a railway company opened in 1844 between the cities in its name. It was built on the , but it was acquired in 1845 by the Midland Railway, which also acquired the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway at the same time.
Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium is an American football stadium in Fayetteville, Arkansas and serves as the home field of the University of Arkansas Razorbacks football team since its opening in 1938. The stadium was formerly known as Razorback Stadium since 1941 before being renamed in 2001 in honor of Donald W. Reynolds, an American businessman and philanthropist. 
La Burbanche is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Chalamont is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Hannu Olavi Mikkola (born 24 May 1942 in Joensuu, Finland) is a Finnish retired world champion rally driver. He was a seven-time winner of the 1000 Lakes Rally in Finland and won the RAC Rally in Great Britain four times.
Corlier is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Dortan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France. Besides the village of Dortan itself, the commune includes the hamlets of Uffel, Vouais, Bonaz, Emondeau, Sénissiat and Maissiat. 
Joyeux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Manziat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Mogneneins is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Oncieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
The Leadership Institute is a 501(3) non-profit organization located in Arlington, Virginia that teaches "political technology."
Montcresson is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Stefano Fiore (; born 17 April 1975) is an Italian football manager and former player, who played as an attacking midfielder or on the wing. He was in charge as manager technical area of Nuova Cosenza Calcio in Serie D.
Pontigny is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Al-Malik Az-Zahir Sayf ad-Din Barquq  (ruled 1382–1389 and 1390–1399) was the first Sultan of the Mamluk Burji dynasty.
The Liberal Party  is a liberal political party in Rwanda led by Protais Mitali.
Pollieu is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Romans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
The Action for Renewal of Chad  is a political party in Chad. 
Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Saint-Trivier-sur-Moignans is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Peter Foster Causey (January 11, 1801 – February 15, 1871) was an American merchant and politician from Milford, in Kent County, Delaware. He was a member of the American Party, who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
Toussieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Nelson Island  is an island long and wide, lying southwest of King George Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. The name Nelson Island dates back to at least 1821 and is now established in international usage.
Kalemie, formerly Albertville or Albertstad, is a town on the western shore of Lake Tanganyika in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The town is next to the outflow of the Lukuga River from Lake Tanganyika to the Lualaba River.
Alaska Air Group is an airline holding company based in SeaTac, Washington. It owns two certificated airlines operating in the United States: Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air. 
Bull Run is a tributary of the Occoquan River that originates from a spring in the Bull Run Mountains in Loudoun County, Virginia, and flows south to the Occoquan River. Bull Run serves as the boundary between Loudoun County and Prince William County, and between Fairfax County and Prince William County.
Ayelech Worku (born June 12, 1979) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner, most known for winning two World Championships bronze medals on the 5000 metres. She was born in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia province, the same region as double Olympic champion Haile Gebrselassie.
Versailleux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Virignin is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Priero is a small town and "comune" of the Langhe, located east of Ceva in the Province of Cuneo, Piedmont, Italy. Presently it has a population of 441.
Solano Avenue in Berkeley and Albany, California is a two-mile (3.2 km) long east-west street. Solano Avenue is one of the larger shopping districts in the Berkeley area. 
Aino Sibelius ("née" Järnefelt; 10 August 1871 – 8 June 1969) was the wife of Finnish composer Jean Sibelius. They lived most of their 65 years of married life at their home Ainola near Lake Tuusula, Järvenpää, Finland. 
Mer is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Klaus Schrodt (born September 14, 1946 in Dieburg, Hessen) is a German aviator who formerly raced in the Red Bull Air Race World Series. Before joining the series, Schrodt was an airline pilot and yachtsman.
Karl Friedrich Burdach (12 June 1776 – 16 July 1847) was a German physiologist. He was born in Leipzig and died in Königsberg.
Sky Lease Cargo  is an American cargo airline based in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Robert Gordon (born March 29, 1947) is an American musician and actor, best known as a neo-rockabilly singer.
Blet is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Israel Railway Museum  is the national railway museum of Israel, located in Haifa. The railway museum is owned by Israel Railways and is located at the Haifa East Railway Station which nowadays no longer serves passengers.
Lae Nadzab Airport is a regional airport located at Nadzab outside Lae, Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea along the Highlands Highway. It is served by both private and regional aircraft with domestic flights. The airport replaced the Lae Airfield in 1977.
Marco Vaccari (born 17 July 1966 in Milan) is a retired Italian sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
Annemarie Minna Renée Schwarzenbach (23 May 1908 – 15 November 1942) was a Swiss writer, journalist, photographer and traveler.
KyivNaukFilm  was a film studio in the former Soviet Union located in Kyiv, Ukrainian SSR, established in 1941.
Dankov  is a town and the administrative center of Dankovsky District in Lipetsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Don River northwest of Lipetsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: It was previously known as "Donkov".
Patricia Espinosa Cantellano (born October 21, 1958) is a Mexican politician and diplomat who is currently serving as the executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. She was Mexican Ambassador to Austria, Germany, Slovenia and Slovakia and served as Secretary of Foreign Affairs in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón.
Telma Alexandra Pinto Monteiro (born 27 December 1985) is a female Portuguese judoka who has won multiple medals in international competitions, such as the European and World Championships. At the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, she won her first-ever Olympic medal after taking the bronze in the women's –57 kg event.
Ralphs Bay is a body of water in south-east Tasmania, Australia. It is surrounded by the Tranmere and South Arm Peninsulas. Sea access to the bay is from the River Derwent.
Krasnovishersk  is a town and the administrative center of Krasnovishersky District in Perm Krai, Russia, located on the western slopes of the Northern Urals, north of Perm, the administrative center of the krai. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 16,099.
Szadek is a town in Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland, with 1,976 inhabitants (2016).
The Passage Islands  are a group of four islands in the Falkland Islands of the South Atlantic Ocean. They lie off Dunnose Head, West Falkland, at the mouth of King George Bay.
Dala Airport or Borlänge Airport is situated southeast of Borlänge, a city in the Dalarna province of Sweden. It is also 20 minutes from the city of Falun.
The Kent State Golden Flashes football team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Kent State University in Kent, Ohio. The team is a member of the Mid-American Conference East division, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Football Bowl Subdivision . The Golden Flashes played their first game in 1920 and since 1969 have played their home games at Dix Stadium.
Swami Keshwanand Rajasthan Agricultural University , formerly Rajasthan Agricultural University, is a state agricultural university located in Bikaner in the Indian state Rajasthan. The university, formerly a part of the Mohanlal Sukhadia University, Udaipur became a separate entity in 1987 through "Rajasthan Agriculture University, Bikaner Act, 1987". 
Srgjan Kerim (, ; born December 12, 1948) is a Macedonian diplomat, economist, former Foreign Minister and President of the 62nd Session of the United Nations General Assembly. His term of office began on September 18, 2007 and ended on September 16, 2008. 
Carlos Eduardo Marangon (born 2 February 1963), best known as Edu Marangon or as Edu, is a retired Brazilian football player and manager, who played as a midfielder.
MCC Theater is an Off-Broadway theater company located in New York City, founded in 1986 by artistic directors Robert LuPone and Bernard Telsey along with six graduates of the New York University drama department, including Jana Herzen, now president of Harlem-based Motema Music.
Lala Mustafa Pasha ( 1500 – 7 August 1580), also known by the additional epithet "Kara", was an Ottoman general and Grand Vizier from the Sanjak of Bosnia.
Nikolsk  is a town and the administrative center of Nikolsky District in Penza Oblast, Russia, located on the Vyrgan River northeast of Penza, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Qiao Hong (; born November 21, 1968 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a former female Chinese table tennis player. She is now the coach of the women's national table tennis team and a member of the Chinese Olympic Committee.
Hiroyuki Tomita (Japanese: 冨田洋之; born November 21, 1980) is a Japanese gymnast. Tomita won three Olympic medals at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics.
Hashimoto was born in Hayakita, Hokkaido, in 1964. Her father gave her the name Seiko after the Olympic Flame , inspired by the Tokyo Olympics that year. She graduated from a high school affiliated with Komazawa University in 1983 and joined the Fuji Kyuko railway company.
Manunggal Air Services was an airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia. It operated charter passenger and cargo services within Indonesia and neighbouring regions. Its main base was Halim Perdanakusuma Airport, Jakarta.
Frederick I (died 11 July 1355) was the Duke of Athens and Neopatria from 1348 to his death, also the Count of Malta. He succeeded his father John, Duke of Randazzo, in Greece after his father died of the Black Plague, but he too died of the same plague seven years later.
Rabbi Menachem Nochum Twersky of Chernobyl (born 1730, , Volhynia - died 1787, Chernobyl, Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth) was the founder of the Chernobyl Hasidic dynasty. He was a disciple of the Baal Shem Tov and the Maggid of Mezritch, and published one of the first works of Hasidic thought. 
Many international organizations also have supranational aspects, meaning that decisions can be made by the organization as a whole that are binding on member states that disagree.
Brian Douglas Williams (born May 5, 1959) is an American journalist at NBC News, currently serving as the chief anchor for the network's cable news channel MSNBC and as host of the network's nightly wrap-up program, "The 11th Hour with Brian Williams".
Milwaukee-Downer College was a women's college in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in operation from 1895 to 1964.
Carole Merle (; born 24 January 1964) is a former French Alpine skier. A specialist of Giant Slalom and Super-G, she won 22 World Cup races, 6 World Cup season titles and 1 World Championship gold medal.
Pondicherry University  is a central university in Puducherry, India. Founded in 1985 by the Government of India, the university is a collegiate university with jurisdiction spread over the Union Territories of Puducherry, Lakshadweep and Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
Chulman Neryungri Airport  is a civilian airport in Yakutia, Russia located 8 km north of Chulman and 40 km north of Neryungri.
Nizhnevartovsk Airport  is a major airport in Russia located 4 km northwest of Nizhnevartovsk. It is a large civilian airport with an asphalt runway, handling some widebody aircraft. 
Nuakata Island is a small, mountainous island in the Goschen Strait south of Normanby Island and east of East Cape. It is part of Milne Bay Province in southeastern Papua New Guinea.
Voronezh International Airport   is an airport in Russia located 11 km north of Voronezh. Serves the city of Voronezh, Lipetsk, Tambov, Oryol, Belgorod, Kursk regions.
Janardan Rai Nagar Rajasthan Vidyapeeth  is a deemed university in the city of Udaipur in the Indian state of Rajasthan. It got the status of deemed university in 1987. 
Ciociaria  is an area of Central Italy roughly corresponding to the province of Frosinone, Lazio, but without a defined border nor historical identity. The name was adopted by a fascist movement of Frosinone as an ethnic denomination for the province of Frosinone, when it was created in 1927.
The New Britain Museum of American Art is an art museum in New Britain, Connecticut. Founded in 1903, it is the first museum in the country dedicated to American art.
Bogdanovich  is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kunara River , east of Yekaterinburg. Population: 
Clouds were a 1960s Scottish rock band that disbanded in October 1971. The band consisted of Ian Ellis , Harry Hughes  and Billy Ritchie .
Sidney Hayers (24 August 1921 – 8 February 2000) was a British film and television director, writer and producer.
The Sydling Water is an long river in Dorset, England, which flows from north to south from Up Sydling until it joins the River Frome near Grimstone.
The Diamond Stars Football Club is a Sierra Leonean professional football Club based in Koidu Town, Kono District, Sierra Leone. The club represent the diamond-rich Kono District and is a member of the Sierra Leone National Premier League, the top football league in Sierra Leone. The club is coached by a Class A Coach ZAPA.
Serene Prince Dmitry Vladimirovich Golitsyn or Galitzine  (29 October 177127 March 1844, Paris) was a Russian cavalry general prominent during the Napoleonic Wars, statesman and military writer.
Whim Creek is a small town in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. 
Mezen Airport  is an airport in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia located 4 km north of Mezen. It handles small transport planes. 
Vuktyl Airport  is an airport in Russia located 4 km southwest of Vuktyl. It services small airliners and features a very spartan, utilitarian layout.
Susuman Airport is a minor airport built 2 km south of Susuman in Magadan Oblast, Russia 
Novaya Lyalya  is a town and the administrative center of Novolyalinsky District in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Lyalya River, north of Yekaterinburg, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Khanty-Mansiysk Airport , also listed as Khantymansiysk Airport, is an airport in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia located 5 km northeast of Khanty-Mansiysk. It services medium-size airliners.
Barka River  flows from the Eritrean Highlands to the plains of Sudan. With a length of over 640 km, it rises just outside Asmara and flows in a northwestern direction through Agordat. The river merges with the Anseba River near the border with Sudan.
Bahman Karaj Football Club  was an Iranian football club based in Karaj, Iran. In 1993, the rights and licenses of two football clubs Vahdat F.C. and Bank Sepah F.C. were purchased and Bahman F.C. entered the league. 
The Ulster Independence Party was an Ulster nationalist political party.
Velikiy Ustyug Airport is an airport in Russia located north of Velikiy Ustyug. It is a small civilian airfield with a parking apron and a few buildings.
Michael James Wallace Ashley (born 9 September 1964) is a British billionaire retail entrepreneur in the sporting goods market, and the chief executive of Sports Direct. He entered the department store industry following the acquisition of House of Fraser following administration in 2018. 
WSP Global Inc. is a Canadian business providing management and consultancy services to the built and natural environment. It is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. 
William Albert Yorzyk Jr. (born May 29, 1933) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic champion, and former world record-holder.
John Atcherley Dew (born 5 May 1948) is a Roman Catholic bishop. He is the sixth Roman Catholic Archbishop of Wellington and the Metropolitan of New Zealand, serving since 2005. 
The Hockomock River is a stream in West Bridgewater, Massachusetts. It is a tributary of the Town River.
Classic Case was an American rock band from Chapel Hill, North Carolina formed in 2002.
WLKJ is a radio station in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, located at 105.7 MHz. WLKJ broadcasts the K-LOVE Network, and is owned by EMF Broadcasting.
Grigore Preoteasa (August 25, 1915 – November 4, 1957) was a Romanian communist activist, journalist, and politician, who served as Communist Romania's Minister of Foreign Affairs between October 4, 1955 and the time of his death.
William T. Piper Memorial Airport is a city-owned public airport two miles east of Lock Haven, in Clinton County, Pennsylvania. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Yeniseysk Airport  is an airport in Russia located northwest of Yeniseysk.
Argentina Sono Film S.A.C.I. is an entertainment company based in Buenos Aires that produced most of the major films during the classic period of Argentine cinema from 1933. In its current format, it serves as a production and distribution company.
Paul Patrick Chomnycky, OSBM, (born 19 May 1954) is a bishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Church and the current bishop of the Diocese of Stamford, Connecticut.
Gospel Music Workshop of America is an international music convention founded by Rev. James Cleveland.
KMGA (99.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States. The station is owned by Cumulus Media. Its studios are located in Downtown Albuquerque and the transmitter tower is located atop Sandia Crest east of the city.
Viane is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
The Strength of Serbia Movement – BK ") is a political party in Serbia, founded and led by Serbian businessman Bogoljub Karić.
Hasse Ekman (10September 191515February 2004) was a Swedish director, actor, writer and producer for film, stage and television.
Kostroma Airport  is an airport in Russia located 6 km northeast of Kostroma. It services propeller-driven transports.
Semyazino Airport  is an airport in Russia located 6 km west of Vladimir. It is a forestry commission and VVS Antonov An-26 base.
The Kickamuit River is a river in the U.S. states of Massachusetts and Rhode Island flowing approximately .
Marie of Luxembourg (1304 – 26 March 1324), was by birth member of the House of Luxembourg and by marriage Queen of France and Navarre.
Clementia of Hungary (; 1293–13 October 1328) was queen of France and Navarre as the second wife of King Louis X.
KKUU is a commercial radio station in Indio, California, broadcasting to the Palm Springs, California, area on 92.7 FM.
Frederick Richard Simms (12 August 1863 – 22 April 1944) was a British mechanical engineer, businessman, prolific inventor and motor industry pioneer. Simms coined the words "petrol" and "motorcar". He founded the Royal Automobile Club, and the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
Elizabeth Murray (September 6, 1940 – August 12, 2007) was an American painter, printmaker and draughtsman. Her works are in many major public collections, including those of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden, the Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Carnegie Museum of Art, and the Wadsworth Atheneum. Murray was known for her use of shaped canvases.
Craig James Bryson (born 6 November 1986) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Aberdeen. He plays in central midfield as a box-to-box midfielder.
Clube de Futebol Estrela dos Amadores  is a football  club that plays in the Santiago Island League North Zone in Cape Verde. The team is based in the town of Tarrafal in the northern part of the island of Santiago and are one of the oldest clubs in the area. 
Tainan National University of the Arts  is an arts university in Guantian District, Tainan, Taiwan. The campus is in the countryside; beside the campus there is a reservoir. 
Polotsk Airport  is an airport in Belarus, located 9 km south of Polotsk. It is purely civilian use.
Club Deportivo Real Sociedad, commonly known as Real Sociedad , is a Honduran football club based on Tocoa, Colón, Honduras.
Sarman is a small airfield with an asphalt runway in Tatarstan, Russia, located northwest of Sarman village.
Trashigang , or Tashigang, is a town in eastern Bhutan and the district capital of the Trashigang Dzongkhag .
Kaluga  Airport  is an international airport, located northeast of Kaluga, Russia.
Oktyabrsky Airport  is an airport in the Republic of Bashkortostan in Russia. This general aviation airport is located southwest of Oktyabrsky.
Maria Guida (born 23 January 1966 in Vico Equense) is an Italian long-distance runner.
WYOS is the CBS Sports Radio affiliate of Binghamton, New York, branded as "CBS Sports Radio 1360". It is currently under ownership of Townsquare Media.
The River Bourne or the Chertsey Bourne is in Berkshire and Surrey; it runs from sources in Windsor Great Park and Swinley Forest through to the River Thames.
Pavlodar International Airport  is an airport in Kazakhstan located southeast of Pavlodar. Services medium-sized airliners.
Ciudad Evita is a city in the "partido" of La Matanza in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, located 20 kilometers (13 mi) from Downtown Buenos Aires within the Greater Buenos Aires metro area. Ciudad Evita has a population of 68,650 (2001).
Leuville-sur-Orge is a commune south of Paris, France. It is situated in the Essonne department in the Île-de-France region.
Abdollah Movahed Ardabili (, born March 20, 1940) is a retired Iranian lightweight freestyle wrestler. He competed at the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Olympics and won a gold medal in 1968. He served as flag bearer for Iran at the Opening Ceremony of the 1970 Asian Games, and won a gold medal a few days later.
Joe Hutshing is an American film editor who grew up in San Diego, California and is best known for working multiple times with film director, Oliver Stone and well as with film director Cameron Crowe . Hutshing graduated from the University of Oregon in 1980. 
Atbasar Airport is an airport in Kazakhstan located north of Atbasar in the Akmola Region.
The Stop River is a low and marshy stream in Medfield, Massachusetts, and partly forming the border between Norfolk and Walpole. The river rises near Highland Lake in Walpole, flows northwards to join the Charles River in Medfield, and ultimately drains into Boston Harbor.
The Fixx are a rock and new wave band formed in 1979. The band's hits include "One Thing Leads to Another", "Saved by Zero", "Are We Ourselves?", 
Anthony Wong Chau-sang (born Anthony William Perry; 2 September 1961), known professionally as Anthony Wong, is a Hong Kong actor who is perhaps best known in the West for his roles in the 1992 action film "Hard Boiled", the 2002 critically acclaimed "Infernal Affairs" and as General Yang in the 2008 Hollywood film "".
Million Dead were a post-hardcore band from London, England, active between 2000 and 2005.
Bruno Giacomelli (; born 10 September 1952) is a retired racing driver from Italy.
Albert VI (; 18 December 1418 – 2 December 1463), a member of the House of Habsburg, was Duke of Austria from 1424, elevated to Archduke in 1453. As a scion of the Leopoldian line, he ruled over the Inner Austrian duchies of Styria, Carinthia and Carniola from 1424, from 1457 also over the Archduchy of Austria until his death, rivalling with his elder brother Emperor Frederick III. 
William Robert Greer (September 22, 1909 – February 23, 1985) was an agent of the U.S. Secret Service, best known as being the driver of President John F. Kennedy's presidential limousine in the motorcade through Dealey Plaza in Dallas on November 22, 1963, when the president was assassinated.
Orkney is a gold mining town situated in the Klerksdorp district of the North West province, South Africa. It lies on the banks of the Vaal River approximately 180 km from Johannesburg near the N12 .
John Alan Lasseter (; born January 12, 1957) is an American animator, filmmaker, and former chief creative officer of Walt Disney Animation Studios, Pixar and Disneytoon Studios. He was also the Principal Creative Advisor for Walt Disney Imagineering.
Don Hopkins is an artist and programmer specializing in human computer interaction and computer graphics and an alumnus of the University of Maryland and a former member of the University of Maryland Human–Computer Interaction Lab.
Cooranbong is a town and rural suburb of the City of Lake Macquarie in New South Wales, Australia, west of the town of Morisset off the Sydney-Newcastle Freeway. Cooranbong is surrounded by the Watagans National Park.
Henry DeWolf "Harry" Smyth (; May 1, 1898 – September 11, 1986) was an American physicist, diplomat, and bureaucrat. He played a number of key roles in the early development of nuclear energy, as a participant in the Manhattan Project, a member of the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission , and U.S. ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency .
CKLN-FM was a community radio station based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Louis Rosier (5 November 1905 in Chapdes-Beaufort – 29 October 1956 in Neuilly-sur-Seine) was a racing driver from France.
Roberto José Guerrero Isaza (born 16 November 1958, in Medellín) is a former racing driver from Colombia. He participated in 29 Formula One Grands Prix, debuting on 23 January 1982.
VM Motori S.p.A. is an Italian diesel engine manufacturing company which is wholly owned by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles through its subsidiary Fiat Group Automobiles. VM headquarters and main production facilities are located in Cento, in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
Los Kjarkas is a Bolivian band from the Capinota province in the department of Cochabamba, and one of the most popular Andean folk music bands in the country's history. Among the styles they play are Saya, tuntuna, huayno, and carnavales. 
Fritz Riess or Rieß (11 July 1922 in Nuremberg – 15 May 1991 in Samedan, Switzerland) was a racing driver from Germany. He participated in one Formula One World Championship Grand Prix, on 3 August 1952. 
Nazir Ahmed, Baron Ahmed of Rotherham (born 24 April 1957) is a member of the British House of Lords. He was appointed on the recommendation of Prime Minister Tony Blair in 1998. 
Bar Refaeli (; born 4 June 1985) is an Israeli model, television host, actress, and businesswoman.
Marek Jurek (; 28 June 1960 in Gorzów Wielkopolski, Poland) is a right-wing politician and a Member of the European Parliament. Since 20 April 2007 he has been the leader of the aspirant party Right of the Republic. Politically, he is most known for being a Marshal of the Sejm in the years 2005-2007.
Charles William Miller (24 November 1874 – 30 June 1953; ) was a Brazilian sportsman, who is considered to be the father of football in Brazil.
Beagle Bros was an American software company that specialized in creating personal computing products. Their primary focus was on the Apple II family of computers. 
The Murder Junkies are an American punk rock band, best known for having been GG Allin's final backing band before his death. They perform songs from Allin's back catalog as well as their own original material. 
Mustard Plug is a ska punk band from Grand Rapids, Michigan, consisting of Dave Kirchgessner , Brendon Jenson , Jim Hofer , Nate Cohn , Colin Clive , and Rick Johnson . 
Thomas Joseph "Tom" Welling (born April 26, 1977) is an American actor, director, producer, and model best known for his role as Clark Kent in The WB/CW superhero drama "Smallville" (2001–2011). He also co-starred in the Fox fantasy comedy-drama "Lucifer" as Lt. 
Gianluca Pagliuca (; born 18 December 1966) is an Italian football coach and former professional goalkeeper.
Talvin Singh, OBE (born 1970 in London, England), is a producer and composer and tabla player, known for creating an innovative fusion of Indian classical music and drum and bass. Singh is generally considered involved with an electronica subgenre called Asian Underground, and more recently as Indian and/or Asian electronica.
Hanif Kureishi, CBE (born 5 December 1954) is a British playwright, screenwriter, filmmaker and novelist of Pakistani and English descent. In 2008, "The Times" included Kureishi in their list of "The 50 greatest British writers since 1945".
Mark 'Ronnie' Regan MBE (born 28 January 1972 in Bristol) is an English rugby union player. He has played as a hooker for Bristol, Bath, Leeds Tykes as well as England and the British Lions.
Hans Herrmann (born 23 February 1928) is a retired Formula One and sports car racing driver from Stuttgart, Germany.
Roberto Casimiro Mieres (3 December 1924 – 26 January 2012) was a racing driver from Mar del Plata, Argentina. He participated in 17 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on 7 June 1953. 
Centennial Airport is a public use airport owned by the Arapahoe County Public Airport Authority in the Denver-Aurora metropolitan area, 15 nautical miles (17 mi, 28 km) southeast of downtown Denver, Colorado, USA. Located in Dove Valley, a census designated place in Arapahoe County, the airport's runways extend into Douglas County.
Reinhold Sadler (January 10, 1848January 30, 1906) was an American politician. He was the ninth Governor of Nevada. He was a member of the Silver Party.
Roberto Bettega (; born 27 December 1950) is an Italian former footballer who played as a forward.
Klaus Tennstedt (; June 6, 1926 – January 11, 1998) was a German conductor from Merseburg. He worked with the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra, the NDR Symphony Orchestra, world-top ensembles such as the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, and most notably the London Philharmonic Orchestra, with which he was closely associated and recorded many of his celebrated recordings under the EMI label, including a cycle of Mahler’s 10 Symphonies. 
August von Pelzeln (10 May 1825, Prague – September 2, 1891) was an Austrian ornithologist. He was a grandson to novelist Karoline Pichler (1769-1843).
The Hen and Chicken Islands  lie to the east of the North Auckland Peninsula off the coast of northern New Zealand. They lie east of Bream Head and south-east of Whangarei.
The Conservative Party  is a liberal-conservative political party in Norway. It is the major party of the Norwegian centre-right, and the leading party in the governing Solberg cabinet. The current party leader is the Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg.
The River Itchen flows through east Warwickshire in England. It is a small river, about long, and its general course is from south to north.
Road Town, located on Tortola, is the capital of the British Virgin Islands. It is situated on the horseshoe-shaped Road Harbour in the centre of the island's south coast. The population was about 9,400 in 2004.
Sophonisba  (fl. 203 BC) was a Carthaginian noblewoman who lived during the Second Punic War, and the daughter of Hasdrubal Gisco Gisgonis . 
Rowland Kelechukwu "Kele" Okereke (born 13 October 1981), also known by the mononym Kele, is an English musician, best known as the lead singer and rhythm guitarist of the indie rock band Bloc Party.
Touggourt  is a city and commune, former sultanate and capital of Touggourt District, in Ouargla Province, Algeria, built next to an oasis in the Sahara. As of the 2008 census, the commune had a population of 39,409 people, up from 32,940 in 1998, and an annual growth rate of 1.8%. However, Touggourt's urban area includes the communes of Nezla, Tebesbest and Zaouia El Abidia, for a total population of 146,108.
Stephen McDannell Hillenburg (August21, 1961November26, 2018) was an American animator, voice actor, and former marine science educator. He was best known as the creator of the Nickelodeon animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants" (1999), which he also directed, produced, and wrote. 
Lindley Miller Garrison (November 28, 1864 – October 19, 1932) was a New Jersey lawyer who served as Secretary of War under U.S. President Woodrow Wilson between 1913 and 1916.
Lieutenant General Troy Houston Middleton (12 October 1889 – 9 October 1976) was a distinguished educator and senior officer of the United States Army who served as a corps commander in the European Theatre during World War II and later as president of Louisiana State University . He is best known for his decision to hold Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge, contrary to the recommendation of Lieutenant General George S. Patton, Jr., Commanding General  of the United States Third Army.
Kungur  is a town in the southeast of Perm Krai, Russia, located in the Ural Mountains at the confluence of the Iren and Shakhva Rivers into the Sylva River . Population: 64,800 (1959); 36,000 (1939).
High Island is a small private island, part of the Pelham Islands in the Bronx, New York City. It lies east of the north end of City Island between City Island Harbor and Pelham Bay in Long Island Sound. It is connected to City Island by a sandbar that emerges at very low tide, as well as by a small private bridge.
Dorothea Margaretha "Teddy" Scholten (born van Zwieteren; 11 May 1926 – 8 April 2010) was a Dutch singer from Rijswijk, close to The Hague, Netherlands.
WLBZ, virtual and VHF digital channel 2, is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Bangor, Maine, United States, serving Central and Eastern Maine. The station is owned by Tegna Inc. WLBZ's studios are located on Mount Hope Avenue in Bangor, and its transmitter is located on Rider Bluff in Holden. 
Gulf St Vincent is a large inlet of water on the southern coast of Australia, in the state of South Australia. It is bordered by Yorke Peninsula on its west, the mainland and Fleurieu Peninsula to its east, with its entrance being a line from Troubridge Point on Yorke Peninsula to Cape Jervis on Fleurieu Peninsula.
Gilf Kebir   is a plateau in the New Valley Governorate of the remote southwest corner of Egypt, and southeast Libya. Its name translates as "the Great Barrier". 
Paz Vega  (born 2 January 1976) is a Spanish actress.
Roberta Peters (May 4, 1930 – January 18, 2017) was an American coloratura soprano.
Margaret Ruth Kidder (October 17, 1948 – May 13, 2018), professionally known as Margot Kidder, was a Canadian-American actress, director, and activist whose career spanned over five decades. Her accolades include three Canadian Screen Awards and one Daytime Emmy Award. Though she appeared in an array of films and television, Kidder is most widely known for her performance as Lois Lane in the "Superman" film series, appearing in the first four films.
The Democratic League of Kosovo  is the second-largest political party in Kosovo.
PT Lion Mentari Airlines, operating as Lion Air, is an Indonesian low-cost airline. Based in Jakarta, Lion Air is the country's largest privately run airline, the second largest low-cost airline in Southeast Asia after AirAsia and the largest airline of Indonesia. 
Levallois-Perret  is a commune in the Hauts-de-Seine department and Île-de-France region of north-central France. It lies some 6 km from the centre of Paris in the north-western suburbs of the French capital. 
Paulo César da Silva Barrios (born 1 February 1980) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for Libertad in Paraguay, as a centre back.
Marton is a town in the Rangitikei district of the Manawatu-Wanganui region of New Zealand's North Island. It is situated 35 kilometres southeast of Wanganui and 40 kilometres northwest of Palmerston North.
John Roger Spottiswoode (born 5 January 1945) is a Canadian-British director, editor and writer of film and television. He was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and was raised in Britain. His father Raymond Spottiswoode was a British film theoretician who worked at the National Film Board of Canada during the 1940s, directing such short films such as "Wings of a Continent".
Guillermo Cabrera Infante (; Gibara, 22 April 1929 – 21 February 2005) was a Cuban novelist, essayist, translator, screenwriter, and critic; in the 1950s he used the pseudonym G. Caín.
Reginald Quincy "Fieldy" Arvizu (born November 2, 1969 in Bakersfield, California) is an American musician. He is best known as the bassist for the nu metal band Korn, and guitarist for the hard rock band StillWell.
Adam Keefe Horovitz (born October 31, 1966), better known as Ad-Rock or King Ad-Rock, is an American rapper, guitarist and actor. He is best known as a member of the hip hop group the Beastie Boys. 
The Minnesota Kicks were a professional soccer team that played at Metropolitan Stadium in the Minneapolis suburb of Bloomington, Minnesota from 1976 to 1981. The team was a member of the now defunct North American Soccer League.
The United States National Agricultural Library  is one of the world's largest agricultural research libraries, and serves as a national library of the United States and as the library of the United States Department of Agriculture. Located in Beltsville, Maryland, it is one of five national libraries of the United States . 
Film Roman is an American animation independently owned company. It was originally owned by Starz Inc., which is now a division of Lionsgate and later by Waterman Entertainment, the production company of producer Steve Waterman. Founded by veteran animator and director Phil Roman in 1984, it is best known for producing source animation for series such as "The Simpsons" (1992–2016), "King of the Hill" and "Family Guy" for 20th Century Fox Animation, as well as "Garfield and Friends" and various "Garfield" animated television specials.
Jadranka Kosor (; born 1 July 1953) is a Croatian politician and former journalist who served as the Prime Minister of Croatia from 2009 to 2011, having taken office following the sudden resignation of her predecessor Ivo Sanader. Kosor was the first and so far only woman to become Prime Minister of Croatia since independence.
The Open University of Catalonia  is an Internet-centered open university based in Barcelona, Spain.
Johann Adam Schall von Bell (1 May 1591 – 15 August 1666) was a German Jesuit and astronomer. He spent most of his life as a missionary in China  and became an adviser to the Shunzhi Emperor of the Qing dynasty.
Karl Ernst Claus (also Karl Klaus or Carl Claus, , 23 January 1796 – 24 March 1864) was a Baltic German chemist and naturalist. Claus was a professor at Kazan State University and a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences. 
Princess Irina Alexandrovna of Russia (; 15 July (OS: 3 July) 1895 – 26 February 1970) was the only daughter and eldest child of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia. She was also the only niece of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, and the wife of the wealthiest man in Imperial Russia, Prince Felix Felixovich Yusupov, one of the men who murdered Grigori Rasputin, "holy healer" to her cousin, the hemophiliac Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia, in 1916.
Hot Snakes are an American post-hardcore band led by Rick Froberg and John Reis, formed in 1999 in San Diego, California. Reis and Froberg had previously performed together in Pitchfork and Drive Like Jehu, after which Reis had found international success with Rocket from the Crypt. Hot Snakes disbanded in 2005 but reunited in 2011.
Anton Ritter von Schmerling (August 23, 1805 in Lichtental, ViennaMay 23, 1893 in Vienna), Austrian statesman, was born at Vienna, where his father held a high position on the judicial side of the civil service.
Innisfallen or Inishfallen  is an island in Lough Leane; one of the three Lakes of Killarney in County Kerry, Ireland. 
Arthur Leslie Lydiard (6 July 1917 – 11 December 2004) was a New Zealand runner and athletics coach. He has been lauded as one of the outstanding athletics coaches of all time and is credited with popularising the sport of running and making it commonplace across the sporting world. 
İnce Minareli Medrese  is a 13th-century madrasa  located in Konya, Turkey, now housing the Museum of Stone and Wood Art .
The University of Los Lagos  is a university in Chile. It is a derivative university part of the Chilean Traditional Universities. 
Philip Alfred Mickelson (born June 16, 1970), nicknamed Lefty, is an American professional golfer. He has won 44 events on the PGA Tour, including five major championships: three Masters titles (2004, 2006, 2010), a PGA Championship (2005), and an Open Championship (2013).
The Danish East India Company  refers to two separate Danish chartered companies. The first company operated between 1616 and 1650. 
Hans-Emil Schuster (born September 19, 1934 in Hamburg) is a German astronomer and a discoverer of minor planets and comets, who retired in October 1991. He worked at Hamburg Observatory at Bergedorf and European Southern Observatory , and was former acting director of La Silla Observatory. 
Macquarie River a watercourse that is part of the Macquarie–Barwon catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is one of the main inland rivers in New South Wales, Australia.
Wellington is a town in inland New South Wales, Australia, located at the junction of the Macquarie and Bell Rivers. It is within the local government area of Dubbo Regional Council. The town is from Sydney on the Great Western Highway and Mitchell Highway.
Broken Bay, a semi–mature tide-dominated drowned valley estuary, is a large inlet of the Tasman Sea located about north of Sydney central business district on the coast of New South Wales, Australia; being one of the bodies of water that separate greater Metropolitan Sydney from the Central Coast. Broken Bay is the first major bay north of Sydney Harbour.
Illawarra is a region in the Australian state of New South Wales. It is a coastal region situated immediately south of Sydney and north of the Shoalhaven or South Coast region. It encompasses the cities of Wollongong, Shellharbour and the town of Kiama.
The Ulster Popular Unionist Party  was a unionist political party in Northern Ireland. It was founded in 1980 by James Kilfedder, independent Unionist Member of Parliament for North Down, who led the party until his death in 1995.
Sara Jane Moore (née Kahn; born February 15, 1930) is an American who attempted to assassinate US President Gerald Ford in 1975. She was given a life sentence for the attempted assassination and was released from prison on December 31, 2007, after serving 32 years. 
The Nuclear Energy Agency  is an intergovernmental agency that is organized under the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development . Originally formed on 1 February 1958 with the name European Nuclear Energy Agency —the United States participated as an Associate Member—the name was changed on 20 April 1972 to its current name after Japan became a member.
Liam Pádraic Aiken (born January 7, 1990) is an American actor. He has starred in films such as "Stepmom" (1998), "Road to Perdition" (2002), and "Good Boy!" (
Bushey is a town in the Hertsmere borough of Hertfordshire in the East of England. It has a population of 24,000. 
The Taurus Mountains , are a mountain complex in southern Turkey, separating the Mediterranean coastal region of southern Turkey from the central Anatolian Plateau. The system extends along a curve from Lake Eğirdir in the west to the upper reaches of the Euphrates and Tigris rivers in the east. It is a part of the Alpide belt in Eurasia.
Al-Hakam Ibn Hisham Ibn Abd-ar-Rahman I  was Umayyad Emir of Cordoba from 796 until 822 in the Al-Andalus .
Henry Carr (November 27, 1941 – May 29, 2015) was an American track and field athlete who won two gold medals at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Gregory Buck Kinnear (born June 17, 1963) is an American actor and television personality. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "As Good as It Gets" (1997).
William George "Borneo" Gregory (born May 14, 1957), is an American retired NASA astronaut and United States Air Force lieutenant colonel.
Alice Louise Waters (born April 28, 1944) is an American chef, restaurateur, activist and author. She is the owner of Chez Panisse, a Berkeley, California restaurant famous for its organic, locally grown ingredients and for pioneering California cuisine, which she opened in 1971.
Mary Somerville (née Fairfax, formerly Greig; 26 December 1780 – 29 November 1872), was a Scottish science writer and polymath. She studied mathematics and astronomy, and was nominated to be jointly the first female member of the Royal Astronomical Society at the same time as Caroline Herschel.
The Issaquah Alps is the unofficial name for the highlands near Issaquah, Washington, a suburb of Seattle, including Cougar Mountain, Squak Mountain, Tiger Mountain, Taylor Mountain, Rattlesnake Ridge, Rattlesnake Mountain, and Grand Ridge. The term was invented in 1977 by noted nature author Harvey Manning within the pages of his trail guidebook "Footsore 1", elevating their status from foothills to "Alps" to advocate preservation. 
Third World is a Jamaican reggae fusion band formed in 1973. Their sound is influenced by soul, funk and disco. 
Yokoyama spent his boyhood during World War II and was evacuated to Tottori with his family. 
Eva Narcissus Boyd (June 29, 1943 – April 10, 2003), known by the stage name of Little Eva, was an American pop singer. Although some sources claim that her stage name was inspired by a character from the novel "Uncle Tom's Cabin", she stated in an interview that she was named after her aunt, which prompted her family to call her "Little Eva."
Karl Christian Friedrich Krause (; 6 May 1781 – 27 September 1832) was a German philosopher, born at Eisenberg, in Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg. His philosophy, known as "Krausism", was very influential in Restoration Spain.
William Learned Marcy (December 12, 1786July 4, 1857) was an American lawyer, politician, and judge who served as U.S. Senator, Governor of New York, U.S. Secretary of War and U.S. Secretary of State. In the latter office, he negotiated the Gadsden Purchase, the last major acquisition of land in the continental United States.
Ivan Danilovich Chernyakhovsky (; in Oksanyna, Kiev Governorate, Russian Empire – 18 February 1945 in Mehlsack, East Prussia, Nazi Germany) was the youngest ever Soviet general of the army. For his leadership during World War II he was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union twice. He died from wounds received outside Königsberg at age 38 while in command of the 3rd Belorussian Front.
Anne Jacqueline Hathaway (born November 12, 1982) is an American actress and singer. One of the world's highest-paid actresses in 2015, she has received multiple awards, including an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, a British Academy Film Award, and a Primetime Emmy Award. Her films have earned $6.4 billion worldwide, and she appeared in the "Forbes" Celebrity 100 in 2009.
William Thomas Stead (5 July 1849 – 15 April 1912) was an English newspaper editor who, as a pioneer of investigative journalism, became a controversial figure of the Victorian era. Stead published a series of hugely influential campaigns whilst editor of "The Pall Mall Gazette", and he is best known for his 1885 series of articles, "The Maiden Tribute of Modern Babylon". 
Guido Reni (; 4 November 1575 – 18 August 1642) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, although his works showed a classical manner, similar to Simon Vouet, Nicholas Poussin and Philippe de Champaigne. He painted primarily religious works, but also mythological and allegorical subjects. 
Joseph Strick (July 6, 1923 – June 2, 2010) was an American director, producer and screenwriter.
The University of Tampere   was a public university in Tampere, Finland that was merged with Tampere University of Technology to create the new Tampere University on 1 January 2019.
Ian Richard Hodder (born 23 November 1948 in Bristol) is a British archaeologist and pioneer of postprocessualist theory in archaeology that first took root among his students and in his own work between 1980-1990. At this time he had such students as Henrietta Moore, Ajay Pratap, Nandini Rao, Mike Parker Pearson, Paul Lane, John Muke, Sheena Crawford, Nick Merriman, Michael Shanks and Christopher Tilley. , he is Dunlevie Family Professor of Anthropology at Stanford University in the United States.
John Buford, Jr. (March 4, 1826 – December 16, 1863) was a United States Army cavalry officer. He fought for the Union as a brigadier general during the American Civil War. 
Bruce Howard Kulick (born December 12, 1953) is an American guitarist, musician and since 2000 a member of the band Grand Funk Railroad. Previously, Kulick was a long-time member of the band Kiss (19841996). He was also a member of Union with John Corabi from 19972002 and Blackjack from 19791980.
Heinrich Eduard Heine (16 March 1821 – October 1881) was a German mathematician.
Drusus Julius Caesar (14 BC – 14 September AD 23), was the son of Emperor Tiberius, and heir to the Roman Empire following the death of his adoptive brother Germanicus in AD 19.
Don Valley is a town in Victoria, Australia, approximately 70 km east of Melbourne's central business district. Its local government area is the Shire of Yarra Ranges. At the , Don Valley had a population of 576.
Silvan is a town in Victoria, Australia, 40 km east of Melbourne's central business district. Its local government area is the Shire of Yarra Ranges. At the 2006 Census, Silvan had a population of 1908.
Alvin Lee (born Graham Anthony Barnes; 19 December 1944 – 6 March 2013) was an English singer, songwriter, and guitarist. He is best known as the lead vocalist and lead guitarist of the blues rock band Ten Years After.
Howard Robert Horvitz (born May 8, 1947) is an American biologist best known for his research on the nematode worm "Caenorhabditis elegans", for which he was awarded the 2002 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, together with Sydney Brenner and John E. Sulston.
Chalk River Laboratories  is a Canadian nuclear research facility in Deep River near Chalk River, about north-west of Ottawa.
Onondaga Community College  is a public community college that serves Onondaga County, New York, at two campuses. Part of the State University of New York  system, OCC is one of 30 locally sponsored community colleges in New York State.
Sir George Hilaro Barlow, 1st Baronet, GCB (20 January 1763 – 18 December 1846) served as Acting Governor-General of India from the death of Lord Cornwallis in 1805 until the arrival of Lord Minto in 1807.
Merricks North is a rural locality in the south side of Victoria, Australia. Its local government area is the Shire of Mornington Peninsula.
Fergus is the largest community in Centre Wellington, a township within Wellington County in Ontario, Canada. It lies on the Grand River about 18 km NNW of Guelph. 
Hermann Schlegel (10 June 1804 – 17 January 1884) was a German ornithologist and herpetologist.
Teenage Head is a Canadian rock group from Hamilton, Ontario and was a popular Canadian punk rock band during the early 1980s.
William Steele Sessions (born May 27, 1930) is an American civil servant who served as a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas and Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Sessions served as FBI director from 1987 to 1993, when he was dismissed by President Bill Clinton.
Ballina  is a town in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia, and the seat of the Ballina Shire local government area. Ballina's urban population at June 2018 was 26,381. The town lies on the Richmond River and serves as a gateway to Byron Bay.
The Goulburn River, a major inland perennial river of the Goulburn Broken catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the alpine, Northern Country/North Central, and Southern Riverina regions of the Australian state of Victoria. The headwaters of the Goulburn River rise in the western end of the Victorian Alps, below the peak of Corn Hill before descending to flow into the Murray River near Echuca, making it the longest river in Victoria at . The river is impounded by the Eildon Dam to create Lake Eildon, the Eildon Pondage, the Goulburn Weir and Waranga Basin.
Ramsey Island  is an island about off St David's Head in Pembrokeshire on the northern side of St Brides Bay, in southwest Wales. It is in area. Ramsey means  "Hrafn's island".
Aer Arann  was a regional airline based in Dublin, Ireland. The airline operated scheduled services on behalf of Aer Lingus Regional. The airline had three bases in Cork, Dublin and Shannon which operated under the Aer Lingus Regional brand.
Carl Wilhelm Richard Hülsenbeck (23 April 189220 April 1974) was a German writer, poet, and psychoanalyst born in Frankenau, Hessen-Nassau.
Steven Wayne Lindsey (born August 24, 1960) is a retired U.S. Air Force officer and NASA astronaut. Lindsey served as Chief of the NASA Astronaut Office from September 2006 until October 2009.
Rockbank is a township and rural locality near Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 29 km west of Melbourne's Central Business District, located within the City of Melton local government area. Rockbank recorded a population of 1,536 at the 2016 Census.
Brian Laudrup (, born 22 February 1969) is a Danish former footballer who played as a winger, forward or as a midfielder. He currently works as a football commentator, pundit and analyst on Kanal 5 and 6'eren. 
Francesco Totti (; born 27 September 1976) is an Italian former professional footballer who played for Roma and the Italy national team. He is often referred to as "Er Bimbo de Oro" , "L'Ottavo Re di Roma" , "Er Pupone" , "Il Capitano" , and "Il Gladiatore"  by the Italian sports media. 
Lugo , also called Lucus Augusti in Latin, is a city in northwestern Spain in the autonomous community of Galicia. It is the capital of the province of Lugo. The municipality had a population of 98,025 in 2018, making it the fourth most populous city in Galicia.
Le Faulq is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Elizabeth de Beauchamp Goudge FRSL (24 April 1900 – 1 April 1984) was a British author of novels, short stories and children's books as Elizabeth Goudge. She won the Carnegie Medal for British children's books in 1946 for "The Little White Horse". 
The Socialist Party  is a Trotskyist political party in Australia affiliated with the Committee for a Workers' International . It publishes a monthly magazine called "The Socialist" which contains a socialist perspective on news and current issues.
August Kopff (February 5, 1882 – April 25, 1960) was a German astronomer and discoverer of several comets and asteroids.
Helmuth Rilling (born 29 May 1933 in Stuttgart) is a German choral conductor and an academic teacher. He is the founder of the Gächinger Kantorei (1954), the Bach-Collegium Stuttgart (1965), the Oregon Bach Festival (1970), the Internationale Bachakademie Stuttgart (1981) and other Bach Academies worldwide, as well as the "Festival Ensemble Stuttgart" (2001) and the "Junges Stuttgarter Bach Ensemble" (2011). 
Fontenay-le-Pesnel is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Eugène Michel Antoniadi (1 March 1870 – 10 February 1944) was a Greek astronomer.
Prelog  is a city in Međimurje County, in northern Croatia. The total population of the city is 7,815 (census 2011).
The River Nith  is a river in south-west Scotland. The Nith rises in the Carsphairn hills of East Ayrshire, more precisely between Prickeny Hill and Enoch Hill, east of Dalmellington. 
Joseph Helffrich (12 January 1890 in Mannheim, Baden – 1971) was a German astronomer.
Hurghada  is a city in the Red Sea Governorate of Egypt. It is one of the country's main tourist centres located on the Red Sea coast.
Holywell  is the fifth largest town and a community in Flintshire, Wales. It lies to the west of the estuary of the River Dee. The community includes Greenfield.
Ashur-nasir-pal II  was king of Assyria from 883 to 859 BC.
Quettehou is a commune in the Manche department in north-western France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune Morsalines was merged into Quettehou.
Leonardo Sciascia (; 8 January 1921 – 20 November 1989) was a Sicilian writer, novelist, essayist, playwright, and politician. Some of his works have been made into films, including "Porte Aperte" (1990; "Open Doors"), "Cadaveri Eccellenti" (1976; Illustrious Corpses), and "Il giorno della civetta" (1968; "The Day of the Owl").
Quad City International Airport is a public airport in Rock Island County, Illinois, three miles (5 km) south of Moline, partly in Blackhawk Township and partly in Coal Valley Township. In 2012 it was named "Illinois Primary Airport of the Year".
Karl Hermann von Struve (October 3, 1854 – August 12, 1920) was a Russian astronomer. In Russian, his name is sometimes given as "German Ottovich Struve"  or "German Ottonovich Struve" .
Arend Friedrich August Wiegmann (2 June 1802 – 15 January 1841) was a German zoologist and herpetologist born in Braunschweig.
John Albert Vasa  (25 June 1612 – 29 December 1634) was a Polish cardinal, and a Prince-Bishop of Warmia and Kraków. He was the son of Swedish and Polish King Sigismund III Vasa and Austrian archduchess Constance of Austria.
Alicia Roanne Witt (born August 21, 1975) is an American actress, singer-songwriter, and pianist. She first came to fame as a child actress after being discovered by David Lynch, who cast her as Alia Atreides in his film "Dune" (1984) and in a guest role in his television series "Twin Peaks" (1990).
The Fortunes are an English harmony beat group. Formed in Birmingham, the Fortunes first came to prominence and international acclaim in 1965, when "You've Got Your Troubles" broke into the US and UK Top 10s. Afterwards, they had a succession of hits including "Here It Comes Again" and "Here Comes That Rainy Day Feeling Again"; continuing into the 1970s with more globally successful releases such as "Storm in a Teacup" and "Freedom Come, Freedom Go".
Elliott Gould (born Elliott Goldstein; August 29, 1938) is an American actor. He began acting in Hollywood films during the 1960s. In addition to his performance in the comedy "Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice" (1969), for which he received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, Gould is perhaps best known for his significant leading roles in Robert Altman films, starring in "M*A*S*H" (1970), "The Long Goodbye" (1973) and "California Split" (1974).
KWTV-DT, virtual channel 9 (UHF digital channel 25), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. It serves as the flagship television property of locally based owner Griffin Communications, and is part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV affiliate KSBI (channel 52). 
Dow Corning was an American multinational corporation headquartered in Midland, Michigan, United States. Originally established as a joint venture between The Dow Chemical Company and Corning Incorporated, Dow bought out Corning and Dow Corning became a 100% Dow subsidiary. 
Axel Honneth (; ; born 1949) is a German philosopher who is professor of philosophy at both the University of Frankfurt and Columbia University. He is also director of the "Institut für Sozialforschung"  in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Atlantic Theater Company is an Off-Broadway non-profit theater, whose mission is to produce great plays "simply and truthfully utilizing an artistic ensemble." The company was founded in 1985 by David Mamet, William H. Macy, and 30 of their acting students from New York University, inspired by the historical examples of the Group Theatre and Stanislavski. 
WIIH-CD, virtual channel 17 (VHF digital channel 8), is a low-powered, Class A television station licensed to Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. It is a translator of CW affiliate WISH-TV (channel 8) that is owned by the Nexstar Media Group. 
Inchmurrin  is an island in Loch Lomond in Scotland. It is the largest fresh water island in the British Isles.
Kirsty Hawkshaw (born 26 October 1969) is an English electronic music vocalist and songwriter. In addition to her work as a solo artist, she is known as the lead vocalist of early 1990s dance group Opus III, and her collaborative work with other musicians and producers.
The Kingdom of Janjero  was a tiny kingdom located in what is now Ethiopia. It lay in the angle formed by the Omo and the Jimma Gibe Rivers; to the west lay the Kingdom of Jimma and to the south the Kingdom of Garo. 
The Middle Class were an American punk rock band established in 1977 from Orange County, California. The band consisted of Jeff Atta on vocals, Mike Atta on lead guitar, Mike Patton on bass, and Bruce Atta on drums.
Immanuel Kant Baltic Federal University  formerly known as the "Immanuel Kant Russian State University" , or in brief the "Kant University"  and as Kaliningrad State University (1967–2005), is a university in the Russian city of Kaliningrad .
Henry I (919/921 – 1 November 955), a member of the German royal Ottonian dynasty, was Duke of Bavaria from 948 until his death.
Tully Louise Bevilaqua (née Crook on 19 July 1972 in Merredin, Western Australia) is an Australian professional women's basketball player. She formerly played for the San Antonio Stars in the WNBA and the Perth Lynx in Australia's WNBL.
The Western Tatras  are mountains in the Tatras, part of the Carpathian Mountains, located on the Polish-Slovak borders. The mountains border the High Tatras in the east, Podtatranská kotlina in the south, Choč Mountains in the west and Rów Podtatrzański  in the north. 
Alcon is a global medical company specializing in eye care products with headquarters in Fort Worth, Texas, United States, and incorporated in Fribourg, Switzerland. Alcon's American headquarters are located in Fort Worth, Texas. 
Huis Doorn  is a manor house and national museum in the town of Doorn in the Netherlands. The residence is appointed with early 20th century interior from the time when former German Emperor Wilhelm II resided (1919–1941).
The Formula One Group is a group of companies responsible for the promotion of the FIA Formula One World Championship, and the exercising of the sport's commercial rights.
Golden Smog is an alternative country-rock supergroup of loosely connected musicians mostly from the Minneapolis area. At various times, members of Soul Asylum, The Replacements, Wilco, The Jayhawks, Run Westy Run, The Honeydogs and Big Star have worked with Golden Smog. 
La Lima is a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés.
Adeje is a town and municipality in the southwestern part of the island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands, and part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain. The town Adeje is located 4 km from the coast, 8 km north of the resort town Los Cristianos, 60 km southwest of the island capital Santa Cruz de Tenerife and about 17 km northwest of Tenerife South Airport.
Xonox, a division of K-tel Software Inc., was an American third-party manufacturer of cartridges for the Atari 2600, ColecoVision, Commodore 64 and Commodore VIC-20 in the early 1980s. Xonox was one of many small video game companies to fold during the Video Game Crash of 1983.
Ban Ki-moon (; ; ; born 13 June 1944) is a South Korean politician and diplomat who served as the eighth Secretary-General of the United Nations from January 2007 to December 2016. Before becoming Secretary-General, Ban was a career diplomat in South Korea's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and in the United Nations. 
University of New York Tirana  is an accredited private higher education institution in Tirana, Albania. Inaugurated in September 2002, it is the first private university in the country.
Alfred Dregger (10 December 1920, Münster – 29 June 2002, Fulda) was a German politician and a leader of the Christian Democratic Union .
The Canadian Canoe Museum is a museum dedicated to canoes located in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada. The museum's mission is to preserve and share the culture and history of the canoe.
Asher Benjamin (June 15, 1773July 26, 1845) was an American architect and author whose work transitioned between Federal architecture and the later Greek Revival architecture. His seven handbooks on design deeply influenced the look of cities and towns throughout New England until the Civil War. 
The Blender Foundation is a nonprofit organization responsible for the development of Blender, an open source 3D content-creation program.
Berdsk  is a town in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, a satellite of Novosibirsk, situated on a bank of the Berd River. Population: 
KBRK-FM (93.7 FM, "B93.7") is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary music format. The station is licensed to serve Brookings in the U.S. state of South Dakota. The station is currently owned by Alpha Media, through licensee Digity 3E License, LLC.
Ercan International Airport  is the primary civilian airport of the internationally unrecognised Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. It is located about 13 km east of North Nicosia, near the village of Kirklar.
Bela Crkva  is a town and municipality located in the South Banat District of the autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia. The town has a population of 8,868, while the Bela Crkva municipality has 17,285 inhabitants.
XESPN-AM, known on-air as Cadena 800, is a Spanish language news/talk station that serves the Tijuana-San Diego area.
Hosapete, also known as Hospet, is a city in Ballari District in central Karnataka, India. It is located on the Tungabhadra River, 12 km from Hampi. Hampi is a World Heritage site containing the ruins of the medieval city of Vijayanagara, the former capital of the Vijayanagara Empire.
The Third Republic of South Korea was the government of South Korea from December 1963 to November 1972.
Rathafandhoo  is an inhabited island of the Gaafu Dhaalu Atoll, Maldives.
Kanduhulhudhoo  is one of the inhabited islands of Gaafu Alif Atoll.
Villingili  is one of the inhabited islands of Gaafu Alif Atoll.
Abdalqadir as-Sufi (born Ian Dallas in Ayr, Scotland in 1930) is a Shaykh of Instruction, leader of the Darqawi-Shadhili-Qadiri Tariqa, founder of the Murabitun World Movement and author of numerous books on Islam, Sufism and political theory. Born in Scotland, he was a playwright and actor before he converted to Islam in 1967 with the Imam of the Qarawiyyin Mosque in Fez, Morocco.
Kinbidhoo  is one of the inhabited islands of Thaa Atoll. In the order of the inhabited islands, Kinbidhoo is the 12th island and the island code is N-12.
KLOL (101.1 MHz "Mega 101") is a commercial FM radio station in Houston, Texas. It is owned by Entercom and airs a Spanish-language Latin pop radio format. KLOL serves as the Spanish-language flagship station for the Houston Texans football team.
Heusenstamm is a town of over 18,000 people in the Offenbach district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Darmstadt in Hesse, Germany.
Veyvah  is one of the inhabited islands of Meemu Atoll.
Jesper Kyd Jakobson (; born February 3, 1972) is a Danish composer and sound designer, who has worked on various video game, television, and film projects. He has composed soundtracks for the "Hitman" series, "Assassin's Creed" series, "Borderlands" series, "Darksiders II" and "State of Decay", among many others. 
Dhiffushi  is one of the inhabited islands of Kaafu Atoll.
Hinnavaru  is one of the inhabited islands of Lhaviyani Atoll. The island has a population of more than 4000 people.
Hithaadhoo  is one of the inhabited islands and third largest island in Baa Atoll.
Fainu  is one of the inhabited islands of Raa Atoll.
Holhudhoo  is one of the inhabited islands of Noonu Atoll. The island is second most populous island in the atoll with 2038. 
WEEI-FM (93.7 FM) is a sports-formatted radio station licensed to Lawrence, Massachusetts and serving the Greater Boston region owned by Entercom. Studios are located on Birmingham Parkway in Brighton, and its transmitter, owned by American Tower, is located off Lakeland Park Drive in Peabody. 
Maroshi  is one of the inhabited islands of the Shaviyani Atoll administrative division and geographically part of the Miladhummadulhu Atoll in the Maldives.
Naivaadhoo is one of the inhabited islands of Haa Dhaalu Atoll administrative division and geographically part of Thiladhummathi Atoll in the north of the Maldives. 
Eva Pfaff (born 10 February 1961) is a German former tennis player.
Thakandhoo  is one of the inhabited islands of Haa Alif Atoll administrative division and is geographically part of Thiladhummathi Atoll in the north of the Maldives. It is an island-level administrative constituency governed by the Thakandhoo Island Council. 
Ian William Murray (born 20 March 1981 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish football player and coach, who is the manager of Scottish League One club Airdrieonians.
Solofra  is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of Southern Italy.
Heart North Wales Coast (formerly Coast 96.3 and originally Marcher Coast FM) was an independent local radio station broadcast along the North Wales coast, and owned & operated by Global Radio.
Circulatory System is a psychedelic rock musical ensemble formed by musician/painter Will Cullen Hart, and featuring Derek Almstead, Suzanne Allison, Peter Erchick, John Fernandes, Charlie Johnston, and Heather McIntosh.
Arthur Albert "Art" Link (May 24, 1914 – June 1, 2010) was an American politician of the North Dakota Democratic Party, and later the Democratic-NPL. He served as a U.S. Representative from 1971 to 1973 and as the 27th Governor of North Dakota from 1973 to 1981.
Peter Outerbridge (born June 30, 1966) is a Canadian actor, best known for his role as Ari Tasarov in the CW action series "Nikita", Dr. David Sandström in the TMN series "ReGenesis", Henrik "Hank" Johanssen in "Orphan Black", Bob Corbett in "Bomb Girls", William Easton in "Saw VI" and George Brown in the television film "". He also played the lead role of Detective William Murdoch in a three-episode mini-series, "The Murdoch Mysteries", in its initial run on Canadian television, with two episodes shown in 2004 and a third in 2005.
KSNW, virtual channel 3 (UHF digital channel 45), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Wichita, Kansas, United States. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group. 
Turtle Mountain Community College is a tribal college in Belcourt, North Dakota. TMCC is located ten miles from the Canada–US border in Turtle Mountain, the north central portion of North Dakota. 
The Catalonia national football team  is the official football team of Catalonia. It is organised by the Catalan Football Federation, founded in 1900. 
Ameriprise Financial, Inc. is an American diversified financial services company. Ameriprise Financial engages in business through its subsidiaries, providing financial planning, products and services, including wealth management, asset management, insurance, annuities, and estate planning.
KNDU, virtual channel 25 (UHF digital channel 26), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Richland, Washington, United States and serving the Tri-Cities  area. The station is owned by the Cowles Company of Spokane as part of The KHQ Television Group. KNDU's studios are located on West Kennewick Avenue in Kennewick, and its transmitter is located on Jump Off Joe Butte.
KCOS, virtual and VHF digital channel 13, is a Public Broadcasting Service  member television station licensed to El Paso, Texas, United States. The station is owned by the nonprofit El Paso Public Television Foundation. 
Cambridge International Airport , previously "Marshall Airport Cambridge UK", is a regional airport in Cambridgeshire, England. It is located on the eastern outskirts of Cambridge, south of Newmarket Road and west of the village of Teversham, from the centre of Cambridge and approximately from London.
Matthew W. Davis (born May 8, 1978) is an American actor who is known for his roles as Warner Huntington III in "Legally Blonde", Adam Hillman on the ABC comedy-drama "What About Brian" from 2006 to 2007 and Alaric Saltzman on The CW fantasy drama "The Vampire Diaries" from 2009 to 2017 also spin-off series "Legacies" since 2018. He starred on the short-lived CW mystery and horror drama "Cult" as Jeff Sefton, and had a recurring role on the CBS police drama "" as Sean Yeager.
Tito  is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. It is bounded by the comuni of Abriola, Picerno, Pignola, Potenza, Sant'Angelo Le Fratte, Sasso di Castalda, Satriano di Lucania, Savoia di Lucania.
Paolo Petrovich Troubetzkoy (also known as Pavel or Paul; ; Intra, Italy, 15 February 1866 — Pallanza, 12 February 1938) was an artist and a sculptor who was described by George Bernard Shaw as "the most astonishing sculptor of modern times".
James Island is a town in Charleston County, South Carolina, United States. It is located in the central and southern parts of James Island. 
Baron Clemens August von Droste zu Vischering, German Clemens August Freiherr von Droste zu Vischering (21 January 1773 – 19 October 1845) was an Archbishop of Cologne. His clashes with the Prussian government personified the conflict relationship between the Catholic Church and the Prussian-Protestant state power in the 19th century Germany.
Massachusetts College of Art and Design, branded as MassArt, is a public college of visual and applied art in Boston, Massachusetts. Founded in 1873, it is one of the nation’s oldest art schools, the only publicly funded free-standing art school in the United States, and was the first art college in the United States to grant an artistic degree. MassArt is a member of the Colleges of the Fenway , and the ProArts Consortium .
The Meenachil  River flows through the heart of Kottayam district of Kerala state, India. The river, long, flows through Poonjar, Teekoy, Erattupetta, Palai, Ettumanoor and Kottayam before emptying itself into the Vembanad Lake at Kumarakom, the famous tourist place of Kerala.
Sigurd Magnusson Slembe  (died 12 November 1139) was a Norwegian pretender to the throne. 
WWCR is a shortwave radio station located in Nashville, Tennessee in the United States. WWCR uses four 100 kW transmitters to broadcast on about a dozen frequencies.
Jeremy Davies (born Jeremy Boring; October 8, 1969) is an American film and television actor. He is known for portraying the Norse god Baldur in "God of War" for which he received the BAFTA Award for Best Performance in a Video Game in 2018, Corporal Upham in "Saving Private Ryan", Daniel Faraday on the ABC series "Lost" and Dickie Bennett in the FX series "Justified", for which he was twice nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series, winning in 2012.
Ribeauville is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Rahim Yar Khan  is a city in Punjab province of Pakistan. It is the 17th Largest city of Pakistan. 
The River Cart  is a tributary of the River Clyde, Scotland, which it joins from the west roughly midway between the towns of Erskine and Renfrew and opposite the town of Clydebank.
Mohamed Hussein Tantawy Soliman (, ; born 31 October 1935) is an Egyptian field marshal and former politician. He was the commander-in-chief of the Egyptian Armed Forces and, as Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, was the de facto head of state from the ousting of Hosni Mubarak on 11 February 2011 to the inauguration of Mohamed Morsi as President of Egypt on 30 June 2012. 
Garachico is a municipality and town on the northern coast of Tenerife, about 52 km West of the capital Santa Cruz de Tenerife, 50 km from Tenerife North Airport and 67 km from Tenerife South Airport. The town itself nestles below a 500m+ (1500 ft) cliff.
Beatrice I (1143 – 15 November 1184) was Countess of Burgundy from 1148 until her death, and was also Holy Roman Empress by marriage to Frederick Barbarossa. She was crowned empress by Antipope Paschal III in Rome on 1 August 1167, and as Queen of Burgundy at Vienne in August 1178.
Andrei Petrovich Ryabushkin  was a Russian painter. His major works were devoted to life of ordinary Russians of the 17th century.
Elliott Hershel Lieb (born July 31, 1932) is an American mathematical physicist and professor of mathematics and physics at Princeton University who specializes in statistical mechanics, condensed matter theory, and functional analysis.
Cumberland is an incorporated village municipality in the Comox Valley on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.
The Force Publique  was a gendarmerie and military force in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo from 1885 , through the period of Belgian colonial rule (Belgian Congo – 1908 to 1960). After independence, the FP was retitled as the Congolese National Army or ANC.
Danièle Graule (Castres, 1 October 1944), known as Dani is a French actress and singer.
Linstead is a town in the parish of St. Catherine, Jamaica in the West Indies. In 1991 its population was 14,144. It is located 12 mi/19 km NNW of Spanish Town.
Raphael Nii Amaa Ollennu, JSC, FGA (21 May 1906 – 22 December 1986) was a jurist and judge who became a Justice of the Supreme Court of Ghana, the acting President of Ghana during the Second Republic from 7 August 1970 to 31 August 1970 and the Speaker of the Parliament of Ghana from 1969 to 1972.
WTEL (610 AM) is a Philadelphia radio station with an all-sports format. Owned and operated by the Beasley Broadcast Group, the WTEL studios are located at 555 City Avenue in Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania and its transmitters are located in the Crescent Park section of Bellmawr, New Jersey.
Incourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Beresford is a Canadian town in Gloucester County, New Brunswick.
Latina  is the capital of the province of Latina in the Lazio region, in central Italy. , the city has 115,895 inhabitants and is thus the second-largest city of the region, after the national capital Rome. 
Stirling Dale Silliphant (January 16, 1918 – April 26, 1996) was an American screenwriter and producer. He is best remembered for his screenplay for "In the Heat of the Night", for which he won an Academy Award in 1967, and for creating the television series "Naked City" and "Route 66". Other features as screenwriter include the Irwin Allen productions "The Towering Inferno" and "The Poseidon Adventure".
Thomas Cunningham Thayer (born November 7, 1960) is an American musician and songwriter. He is the lead guitarist for the American hard rock band Kiss, and was lead guitarist for the band Black 'n Blue.
Andreas Michalakopoulos (; 17 May 1876, Patras – 7 March 1938, Athens) was an important liberal politician in the inter-war period who served as Prime Minister of Greece from 7 October 1924 to 26 June 1925.
The College of Southern Nevada  is a public community college in Clark County, Nevada. The college has more than 2,500 teaching and non teaching staff and is the largest public college or university in Nevada. It is part of the Nevada System of Higher Education.
KPAZ-TV, virtual channel 21 (UHF digital channel 20), is a TBN owned-and-operated television station licensed to Phoenix, Arizona, United States. The station is owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network. 
The Goetheanum, located in Dornach, in the canton of Solothurn, Switzerland, is the world center for the anthroposophical movement.
Lieutenant Colonel Sir Henry Lionel Galway (25 September 185917 June 1949) was the Governor of South Australia from 18 April 1914 until 30 April 1920.
Raiding  is a small Austrian market town in the district of Oberpullendorf in Burgenland. It is the birthplace of Franz Liszt.
George Stanley Clinton (born June 17, 1947) is an American composer, songwriter, arranger, and session musician.
The Union for Democracy and Progress  is a political party in Mauritania. The UDP is led by Naha Mint Mouknass, and as of early 2008 it is the only political party in Mauritania that is headed by a woman.
Kigoma is a town and lake port in north western Tanzania, on the north eastern shores of Lake Tanganyika and close to the border with Burundi and The Democratic Republic of the Congo. It serves as the capital for the surrounding Kigoma Region and has a population of 135,234 (2007 census) and an elevation of 775 m.
Luca Toni (; born 26 May 1977) is an Italian retired professional footballer who played as a striker. He also was a sporting director  for Verona.
Choi Sung-hee (born February 28, 1980), known professionally as Bada, is a South Korean singer, composer and musical actress. She debuted as a member of the South Korean girl group S.E.S. in 1997. 
New University of Lisbon , NOVA, is a Portuguese university whose Rectorate is located in Campolide, Lisbon. Founded in 1973, it is the youngest of the public universities in the Portuguese capital city, earning its name as the "New"  University of Lisbon.
The Atlantic Oceanographic and Meteorological Laboratory , a federal research laboratory, is part of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's  Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research , located in Miami, Florida. AOML's research spans tropical cyclone and hurricanes, coastal ecosystems, oceans and human health, climate studies, global carbon systems, and ocean observations. 
Thomas Vanek (born 19 January 1984) is an Austrian professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for the Detroit Red Wings  of the National Hockey League . He has previously played for the Buffalo Sabres, New York Islanders, Montreal Canadiens, Minnesota Wild, Florida Panthers, Vancouver Canucks and Columbus Blue Jackets. Vanek was drafted by the Sabres fifth overall in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft, making him the highest drafted Austrian in NHL history.
The Mahajana Eksath Peramuna  is a left-wing political party in Sri Lanka. Today the party is led by Dinesh Gunawardena, son of Philip Gunawardena.
Anthony Charles De Longis (born March 23, 1950) is an American actor, stuntman, and fight choreographer.
Karen L. Thurman (born January 12, 1951) is a former U.S. Representative from Florida. She is a Democrat.
RWE AG, until 1990: "Rheinisch-Westfälisches Elektrizitätswerk AG" , is a German electric utilities company based in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia. Through its various subsidiaries, the energy company supplies electricity and gas to more than 20 million electricity customers and 10 million gas customers, principally in Europe. 
Stapleford Aerodrome is an operational general aviation aerodrome in the Epping Forest district of Essex, England, near the village of Abridge. It is about south of North Weald Airfield and north of Romford. The airfield is just within the M25, close to the junction with the M11.
Bryggens Museum is a museum located in Bergen, Norway.
Peter Hans Kolvenbach (30 November 1928 – 26 November 2016), was the twenty-ninth Superior General of the Society of Jesus, the largest male Catholic religious order.
Seona Dancing  were a 1980s British new wave group, best known for providing comedian Ricky Gervais with his first experiences as a public performer. Although the band was not successful, their single "More to Lose" went on to become a teen anthem in the Philippines.
Timothy Taylor's is a family-owned regional brewery founded in 1858 by Timothy Taylor. Originally based in Cook Lane, Keighley, West Yorkshire, England. 
Smilets  reigned as tsar of Bulgaria from 1292 to 1298. The date of his birth is unknown.
The Young New Zealand Party was a faction in the New Zealand Parliament in the 19th century. It predated the creation of political parties as they are understood today.
ATA Brasil  was a low-cost airline based in Recife, Brazil. It operated domestic passenger and cargo services. 
Richard Kline (born April 29, 1944) is an American actor and television director. He is best known for his role of Larry Dallas on the ABC sitcom "Three's Company".
Thomas Mervyn Davies (9 December 1946 – 15 March 2012), often known as "Merv the Swerve", was a Welsh rugby union player who won 38 caps for Wales as a No. 8.
Shefki Kuqi (pronounced ; born 10 November 1976) is a Finnish former professional football player.
Henri Édouard Tresca (12 October 1814 – 21 June 1885) was a French mechanical engineer, and a professor at the Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers in Paris.
The Romanian Air Force  is the air force branch of the Romanian Armed Forces. It has an air force headquarters, an operational command, four air bases and an air defense brigade. 
Geoffrey Michael Petrie (born April 17, 1948) is an American retired basketball player. A native of Pennsylvania, he played professional basketball in the National Basketball Association  for the Portland Trail Blazers where he won NBA Rookie of the Year in 1971. 
The Durmitor  is a massif located in northwestern Montenegro. It is part of the Dinaric Alps. 
Peleng is an island off the southeast coast of Sulawesi, Indonesia and is the largest island of the Banggai Islands . It is surrounded by the Banda Sea and Molucca Sea and has an area of 2,406 km².
Collioure  is a commune in the southern French department of Pyrénées-Orientales.
Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark (, born 9 June 1983 in St Mary's Hospital, London), also known under her stage name Theodora Greece, is a British actress and member of the Greek royal family and Danish Royal Family. She is currently ninth in the line of succession to the defunct Greek throne.
Alexandre Brongniart (5 February 17707 October 1847) was a French chemist, mineralogist, and zoologist, who collaborated with Georges Cuvier on a study of the geology of the region around Paris.
Holly Elizabeth Robinson Peete (born September 18, 1964) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her roles as Judy Hoffs on the Fox TV police drama "21 Jump Street", Vanessa Russell on the ABC sitcom "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper", and Dr. Malena Ellis on the NBC/WB sitcom "For Your Love". She also served as one of the original co-hosts of the CBS Daytime talk show, "The Talk".
Sanmenxia  is a prefecture-level city in the west of Henan Province, China. The westernmost prefecture-level city in Henan, Sanmenxia borders Luoyang to the east, Nanyang to the southeast, Shaanxi Province to the west and Shanxi Province to the north. The city lies on the south side of the Yellow River at the point where the river cuts through the Loess Plateau on its way to the North China Plain.
Pedro Pablo Abarca de Bolea y Jiménez de Urrea, 10th Count of Aranda, GE, KOGF (1718 in Siétamo, Huesca – 1798 in Épila, Saragossa), was a Spanish statesman and diplomat.
The University of Catania  is a university located in Catania, Sicily. Founded in 1434, it is the oldest university in Sicily, the 13th oldest in Italy, and the 29th oldest university in the world. 
Natalie Jean Williams (born November 30, 1970) is an American former professional basketball player in the Women's National Basketball Association .
Luis Alberto Scola Balvoa (born April 30, 1980) is an Argentine professional basketball player for the Shanghai Sharks of the Chinese Basketball Association . A three-time All-EuroLeague selection with Tau Ceramica, he signed with the Houston Rockets in 2007, and was voted to the NBA All-Rookie First Team. Later on, he played for the Phoenix Suns, Indiana Pacers, Toronto Raptors and Brooklyn Nets.
Virginia Highlands Community College is located in Abingdon, Virginia, United States. One of the 23 schools in the Virginia Community College System, the college was established November 30, 1967 to serve the residents of Washington County, western Smyth County, and the city of Bristol. 
Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation  is a government-owned and controlled corporation established through the Presidential . PAGCOR is the Philippines' largest contributor of revenue to the government after the Bureau of Internal Revenue and the Bureau of Customs.
Brother Isle  is a small, uninhabited island in Shetland, Scotland. It lies between the islands of Yell and Shetland Mainland. It is in size.
Vaglio Basilicata is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. It is bounded by the comuni of Albano di Lucania, Brindisi Montagna, Cancellara, Pietragalla, Potenza, Tolve and Tricarico.
Ferdinand Karl Franz Schwarzmann, Ritter von Hebra (7 September 1816, in Brno, Moravia – 5 August 1880 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary) was an Austrian physician and dermatologist known as the founder of the New Vienna School of Dermatology, an important group of physicians who established the foundations of modern dermatology.
Jan Joosten van Lodensteyn (or Lodensteijn; 1556–1623), known in Japanese as Yayōsu , was a native of Delft and one of the first Dutchmen in Japan, and the second mate on the Dutch ship "De Liefde", which was stranded in Japan in 1600. Some of his shipmates were Jacob Quaeckernaeck, Melchior van Santvoort, and William Adams.
Charles Terence Clegg "Terry" Wall (born 14 December 1936) is a British mathematician, educated at Marlborough and Trinity College, Cambridge. He is an emeritus professor of the University of Liverpool, where he was first appointed professor in 1965. From 1978 to 1980 he was the president of the London Mathematical Society.
El Alto International Airport  is an international airport located in the city of El Alto, Bolivia, west of La Paz. At an altitude of 4,061.5 m (13,325 ft), it is the highest international airport and the fifth highest commercial airport in the world.
Anne completed her schooling at the Athénée de Luxembourg and subsequently studied English and history at Stanford University in California.
Kriva Palanka  is a town located in the northeastern part of North Macedonia. It has 14,558 inhabitants. 
Primerica, Inc. is a United States-based multi-level marketing company that sells insurance and financial services. The company's headquarters are located in Duluth, Georgia. 
Andrea Seastrand (born August 5, 1941) is a former Republican member of the United States House of Representatives.
The Russian National Socialist Party  is a national socialist party based in Russia. 
Cut Knife is a town located in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan on Highway 40, northwest of Saskatoon and 55 km (34 miles) west of North Battleford. The population of Cut Knife in 2011 was 517.
Arutz Sheva , also known in English as Israel National News, is an Israeli media network identifying with Religious Zionism. It offers online news articles in Hebrew, English, and Russian, as well as live streaming radio, video and free podcasts. 
Abdur Rahman Biswas (1 September 1926 – 3 November 2017) was a Bangladeshi politician. He was the President of Bangladesh from 1991 to 1996. 
The Semi-arid Pampas, also known as the Dry Pampas, is a temperate grassland ecoregion of central Argentina.
The Wordsworth Trust is an independent charity in the United Kingdom. It celebrates the life of the poet William Wordsworth, and looks after Dove Cottage in the Lake District village of Grasmere where Wordsworth and his sister Dorothy Wordsworth lived between 1799 and 1808. 
Fousseni Diawara (born 28 August 1980) is a French-born Malian professional football manager and former defender. He predominantly played as a right-back.
Pontarddulais  is a community and town in the City and County of Swansea, Wales, situated northwest of Swansea city centre and falls within the Pontarddulais ward.
Smenkhkare Imyremeshaw was an Egyptian pharaoh of the mid 13th dynasty during the Second Intermediate Period. 
Justin Jeremy Gimelstob (born January 26, 1977) is a retired American tennis player. Gimelstob has been a resident of Morristown, New Jersey, and as of 2009 lived in Santa Monica, California.
Afonso Augusto da Costa, (; born in Seia, 6 March 1871; died in Paris, 11 May 1937) was a Portuguese lawyer, professor and republican politician.
Delloreen Ennis-London (born 5 March 1975) is a Jamaican hurdling athlete who won the silver medal in the 100 metre hurdles at the 2005 World Championships.
Lahnstein  is a "verband"-free town of Rhein-Lahn-Kreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is situated at the confluence of the Lahn River with the Rhine, approximately south of Koblenz. 
Steve Walsh (born June 15, 1951) is an American musician, singer and songwriter best known for his work as a member of the progressive rock band Kansas. He retired from the band in 2014 He sings lead on four of Kansas' best-known hits: "Carry On Wayward Son," "Dust in the Wind", "Point of Know Return", and "All I Wanted", the last two of which he co-wrote.
The Patriotic Party  was a conservative political party in Guatemala. 
WVOC (560 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Columbia, South Carolina, and serving the Columbia metropolitan area. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and airs a talk radio format. 
Puyang is a prefecture-level city in northeastern Henan province, People's Republic of China. Located on the northern shore of the Yellow River, it borders Anyang in the west, Xinxiang in the southwest, and the provinces of Shandong and Hebei in the east and north respectively.
Hans Hollein (30 March 1934 – 24 April 2014) was an Austrian architect and designer and key figure of postmodern architecture. Some of his most notable works are the Haas House and the Albertina extension in the inner city of Vienna.
Arbigny is a commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
Beauregard is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Ernest Torrence (born Ernest Torrance-Thomson, 26 June 1878 – 15 May 1933) was a Scottish film character actor who appeared in many Hollywood films, including "Broken Chains" (1922) with Colleen Moore, "Mantrap" (1926) with Clara Bow and "Fighting Caravans" (1931) with Gary Cooper and Lili Damita. A towering (6' 4") figure, Torrence frequently played cold-eyed and imposing villains.
La Frontera  is a municipality in the northwestern part of the island El Hierro, Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain. In 2007, the southern part of the territory of La Frontera was split off to form the new municipality of El Pinar.
Blyes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Bagrationovsk , before 1946 known by its German name  is a town and the administrative center of Bagrationovsky District in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located south of Kaliningrad, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Romina Francesca Power (born October 2, 1951) is an American actress and singer born in Los Angeles. She is part of the musical duo Al Bano and Romina Power, together with her ex-husband Albano Carrisi.
La Crosse Regional Airport is a public airport located five miles northwest of La Crosse, a city in La Crosse County, Wisconsin, United States. Until August 2013 the airport was called La Crosse Municipal Airport.
Savanna-la-Mar  is the chief town and capital of Westmoreland Parish, Jamaica. A coastal town, it contains an 18th-century fort constructed for colonial defence against pirates in the Caribbean.
The is in the northeast corner of Ueno Park in Tokyo. Opened in 1871, it has had several names, including Ministry of Education Museum, Tokyo Museum, Tokyo Science Museum, the National Science Museum of Japan, and the National Museum of Nature and Science as of 2007. 
Atlantic Coast restingas is an ecoregion of the Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests Biome, and the South American Atlantic Forest biome. It is located in northeast to southeast Brazil.
Snapper Island is a 1.65 hectare island in Sydney Harbour, Australia. It lies in the main channel of the western section of the harbour, upstream of the Sydney Harbour Bridge, adjacent to the Sydney suburb of Drummoyne.
The Neue Pinakothek  is an art museum in Munich, Germany. Its focus is European Art of the 18th and 19th century and is one of the most important museums of art of the nineteenth century in the world. Together with the Alte Pinakothek and the Pinakothek der Moderne it is part of Munich's "Kunstareal" .
Dmitriy Vasilyevich Karpov (Дмитрий Васильевич Карпов; born 23 July 1981 in Karaganda) is an athlete from Kazakhstan who competes in decathlon and heptathlon . He won the bronze medal in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Devon Energy Corporation is a company engaged in hydrocarbon exploration in the United States. It is organized in Delaware and headquartered in the 50-story Devon Energy Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Its operations are in the Barnett Shale, STACK Formation in Oklahoma, Delaware Basin, Eagle Ford Group shale, and the Rocky Mountains.
Helen Maroulis (1–4) on 18 August 2016 at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
The Centre Party was a registered political party in Jersey between 2005 and 2007.
William of Winchester (11 April 1184 – 13 December 1213), also called in English William of Lunenburg  or William Longsword, a member of the House of Welf, was heir to his family's allodial lands in the Duchy of Saxony after the deposition of his father, Duke Henry the Lion in 1180.
Alice is a small town in South Africa that is named after The Princess Alice, daughter of the British Queen Victoria. Settled in 1824 by British colonists adjacent to the Tyhume River.
The March 26 Movement ("Movimiento 26 de Marzo" – M26) is a leftist political party in Uruguay, which emerged out the Tupamaros. Since its foundation in 1971 until March 2008 was a member organisation of the Broad Front. 
The Movement toward Socialism  is a social-democratic political party in Venezuela.
The Christian Democratic Party  is a centre-left political party in East Timor. 
The Communist Party of Tajikistan  is a communist party in Tajikistan, and the oldest political party in the country.
The Ilm is a long river in Thuringia, Germany. It is a left tributary of the Saale, into which it flows in Großheringen near Bad Kösen.
Antonio "Tony" Moreno (born Antonio Garrido Monteagudo, September 26, 1887 – February 15, 1967) was a Spanish-born American actor and film director of the silent film era and through the 1950s.
Manfred Mayrhofer (26 September 1926 – 31 October 2011) was an Austrian Indo-Europeanist who specialized in Indo-Iranian languages. Mayrhofer served as professor emeritus at the University of Vienna. 
Pala  is a town in Chad and the capital of the region of Mayo-Kebbi Ouest. The Fula language is spoken in the area. 
The Arab Democratic Nasserist Party  is a Nasserist political party in Egypt, styling itself as the ideological successor of the old Arab Socialist Union party of Egypt's second president, Gamal Abdel Nasser.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives for the 24th Congress were held in 1834 and 1835 during Andrew Jackson's second term as President of the United States.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives for the 17th Congress took place in the various states between July 3, 1820  and August 10, 1821 . In four states  the election coincided with the taking of the 4th Census (August 7, 1820). 
Elections to the United States House of Representatives for the 8th Congress were held at various dates in each state, from April 26, 1802  to December 14, 1803  during Thomas Jefferson's first term in office. It was common in the early years of the United Congress for some states to elect representatives to a Congress after it had already convened. 
Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen is an American country rock band founded in 1967. The group's founder was George Frayne IV (alias Commander Cody, born July 19, 1944 at Boise, Idaho) on keyboards and vocals. 
James I of Bourbon (1319 – 6 April 1362), was the son of Louis I, Duke of Bourbon and Mary of Avesnes. He was Count of Ponthieu from 1351 to 1360, and Count of La Marche from 1341 to his death.
Christoph Luxenberg is the pseudonym of the author of "The Syro-Aramaic Reading of the Koran: A Contribution to the Decoding of the Language of the Qur'an" (German edition 2000, English translation 2007) and several articles in anthologies about early Islam.
The Yemeni Socialist Party  is a political party in Yemen. A successor of Yemen's National Liberation Front, it was the ruling party in South Yemen until Yemeni unification in 1990. 
Seloncourt is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
The Democratic Independence Party , also called the Democratic Party for Independence, is a political party in Morocco.
The University of Mostar  is a public university located in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
The Clarke Island , part of the Furneaux Group, is an island in Bass Strait, south of Cape Barren Island, about off the northeast coast of Tasmania, Australia.
The Electric Hellfire Club is an industrial metal band mixing elements of glam metal, techno, gothic rock, and psychedelia. The band's lyrics contain tongue-in-cheek references to sin, violence, sex, devil worship and similar themes. 
Freedom, Socialism and Revolution  is a Trotskyist political organisation in Brazil, created in 2009 by the fusion of "Socialismo Revolucionário"  and "Colectivo Liberdade Socialista" . LSR is an active tendency of the Socialism and Liberty Party  and the Brazilian section of the Committee for a Workers' International.
William Tharp (November 27, 1803 – January 9, 1865) was an American farmer and politician from Milford in Kent County, Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party, who served in the Delaware General Assembly and as Governor of Delaware.
Lourmarin is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. Its inhabitants are called "Lourmarinois".
Alberto Guani (1877–1956) was an Uruguayan jurist, diplomat and the Vice President from 1943 to 1947.
ChukotAVIA  is an airline based in Anadyr, Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia. It operates passenger, cargo, and utility services. Its main base is Anadyr Ugolny Airport.
The Socialist Party of Ireland  was a minor left-wing political party which existed in Ireland from 1971 to 1982.
Andhun was an Ealdorman of Sussex under King Æðelwealh, who was slain by the Wessex prince Cædwalla, who invaded and ravaged Sussex. Berhthun and Andhun succeeded in driving Caedwalla from the Kingdom. 
Protestant Theological University  is one of two theological universities in the Dutch city of Kampen.
Jargeau is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Nanceen Lavern Perry (born April 19, 1977 in Fairfield, Texas) is a former sprinter from the United States.
Addis Abebe (; born September 5, 1970) is a former long-distance runner from Ethiopia, best known for winning a bronze medal in the 10,000 metres at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Tad Gormley Stadium  is a 26,500 seat multi-purpose outdoor stadium, located in City Park, in New Orleans, Louisiana, named for Frank "Tad" Gormley.
The E Street Band is an American rock band, and has been musician Bruce Springsteen's primary backing band since 1972. The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2014.
James Donald Root (born October 2, 1971), also known by his number #4, is an American musician, songwriter and guitarist, best known for being the lead/rhythm guitarist for the American heavy metal band Slipknot, and the former lead guitarist for the American alternative metal band Stone Sour.
Wassy , formerly known as Wassy-sur-Blaise, is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France. Its population, as of 1999, is 3,294. 
Artur Jorge Braga Melo Teixeira (born 13 February 1946), commonly known as Artur Jorge, is a Portuguese football manager and former player, who played as a forward.
Elizabeth Lee "Beth" Heiden Reid (born September 27, 1959) is an American athlete who excelled in speed skating, cross-country skiing and bicycle racing. She was born in Madison, Wisconsin. Her brother Eric was a five-time gold-medalist speedskater at the 1980 Lake Placid Winter Olympics.
The River Ryburn is a river in West Yorkshire, England. It flows through the villages of Rishworth, Ripponden and Triangle before flowing into the River Calder at Sowerby Bridge.
Taylorcraft Aviation is an airplane manufacturer that has been producing aircraft for more than 70 years in several locations.
Divlje jagode  are an ex-Yugoslav and Bosnian heavy metal band formed in 1977. The band are widely considered to be regional pioneers of the heavy metal genre and one of the most popular enduring icons of rock music in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the region. 
The Guianese Socialist Party  is a political party in the French "overseas région" of French Guiana, in South America.
The United Social Democratic Party   is a centre-left social democratic political party in Guinea-Bissau.
Hirson  is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Sabrina Island is the largest of three small islets lying south of Buckle Island in the Balleny Islands of Antarctica. Sabrina Island was named after Thomas Freeman's cutter when John Balleny's squadron discovered the islands in 1839.
Francesco Giuseppe "Frank" Puglia (9 March 1892 – 25 October 1975) was an Italian film actor. Puglia had small, but memorable roles in films including "Casablanca" , "Now, Voyager" and "The Jungle Book".
Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria (28 November 1660 – 20 April 1690) was Dauphine of France by marriage to Louis, Grand Dauphin, son and heir of Louis XIV. She was known as the "Dauphine Marie Anne Victoire" or "la Grande Dauphine". 
Arthur Edeson, A.S.C. (October 24, 1891 – February 14, 1970) was a film cinematographer, born in New York City. His career ran from the formative years of the film industry in New York, through the silent era in Hollywood, and the sound era there in the 1930s and 1940s. His work included many landmarks in film history, including "The Thief of Bagdad" (1924), "Frankenstein" (1931), "The Maltese Falcon" (1941), and "Casablanca" (1942).
The Labor Party of Liberia  is a political party in Liberia. It fielded candidates in the 11 October 2005 elections.
The island of Ummanz lies in the Baltic Sea, off the west coast of the island of Rügen, and belongs, like the latter, to the county of Vorpommern-Rügen in the German state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
Juliano Haus Belletti (born 20 June 1976) is a Brazilian former professional footballer who mostly played as a right back. He was awarded the Silver Ball by "Placar" for his performances for Atlético Mineiro during the 1999 Brasileiro Série A.
Feng Chia University  is recognized as one of the leading private research universities in Taiwan, located in Taichung. It was named after Chiu Feng-Chia one of the leaders of the military resistance against the Japanese invasion of Taiwan in 1895.
The Abajo Mountains, known locally as the Blue Mountains or The Blues, is a small mountain range west of Monticello, Utah, south of Canyonlands National Park and north of Blanding, Utah. The mountain range is located within the Manti-La Sal National Forest. The highest point within the range is Abajo Peak at .
Wassoulou is a cultural area and historical region in the Wassoulou River Valley of West Africa. It is home to about 160,000 people, and is also the native land of the Wassoulou genre of music.
Campbell University is a private university in Buies Creek, North Carolina. Founded in 1887 by a young Baptist minister, J.A. Campbell, the school today enrolls more North Carolinians than any other private university in the state of North Carolina .
Adrian Neil Boothroyd (born 8 February 1971) is an English former footballer, who is manager of the England U21 team.
Evgeny Ilgizovich Bareev (; born 21 November 1966) is a Russian-Canadian chess player and trainer. Awarded the title Grandmaster by FIDE in 1989, he was ranked fourth in the FIDE world rankings in October 2003, with an Elo rating of 2739.
The Executive Committee Range is a mountain range consisting of five major volcanoes, which trends north-south for along the 126th meridian west, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.
General Guadalupe Victoria International Airport , also known as Durango International Airport, is located northeast of Durango, Durango, Mexico. It is named after Guadalupe Victoria, the first President of Mexico.
Xoxocotlán International Airport  is an international airport located at Oaxaca, Oaxaca, Mexico. The airport has only one terminal that handles domestic and international air traffic.
Lukasz Sebastian Gottwald (born September 26, 1973), known professionally as Dr. Luke, is an American record producer, songwriter and singer. His professional music career began in the late night television sketch comedy "Saturday Night Live" as its house band's lead guitarist in 1997 and producing remixes for artists such as Bon Jovi and Gravediggaz. He came into music prominence in 2004 for producing Kelly Clarkson's single "Since U Been Gone" with Swedish record producer Max Martin.
Joseph Maria Ernst Christian Wilhelm von Radowitz (6 February 1797 – 25 December 1853) was a conservative Prussian statesman and general famous for his proposal to unify Germany under Prussian leadership by means of a negotiated agreement among the reigning German princes.
Phillip Noyce (born 29 April 1950) is an Australian film director. He is an AACTA Award-Winning Film Director and has directed over 19 films, including "Rabbit-Proof Fence" (2002), "Patriot Games" (1992), "Salt" (2010) and "Clear and Present Danger" (1994).
The Akron Art Museum is an art museum in Akron, Ohio, United States.
Gesca Limitée is a division of the Power Corporation of Canada, which publishes French language daily newspapers in the provinces of Quebec and Ontario. 
She was born at Tsugaru's family home in Tokyo, she is the fourth daughter of Count Yoshitaka Tsugaru, the last representative of the Tsugaru clan and adopted son of the "daimyō" of the Tsugaru Domain . Yoshitaka Tsugaru was originally from the Owari branch of the Tokugawa clan. He was also a member of the aristocracy created by the Meiji Restoration .
The Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust  is a wildlife trust covering the counties of Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire in England.
Manuel Márquez de León International Airport is an international airport located at La Paz, Baja California Sur, Mexico, near the Gulf of California. It handles national and international air traffic of the city of La Paz. 
WZBC (90.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Alternative format. Licensed to Newton, Massachusetts, United States, the station serves Boston and its western suburbs. The station is currently owned by Boston College.
Kathleen Erin "Kate" Walsh (born October 13, 1967) is an American actress and businesswoman. Her roles include Dr. Addison Montgomery on the ABC television dramas "Grey's Anatomy" and "Private Practice", Rebecca Wright on the short-lived NBC sitcom "Bad Judge", Olivia Baker on the Netflix drama series "13 Reasons Why" and The Handler in "The Umbrella Academy".
Brass Construction was an American funk group formed in Brooklyn, New York, in 1968. They were originally known as Dynamic Soul, and went on to record a string of hit singles and albums through to 1985.
The Lamb, sometimes called Lamb Island or just Lamb, is a small , uninhabited island between the islands of Fidra and Craigleith in the Firth of Forth, off the southeast coast of Scotland. 
Bettona  is an ancient town and comune of Italy, in the province of Perugia in central Umbria at the northern edge of the Colli Martani range. It is 5 km (3 mi) E of Torgiano and 12 km (7 mi) SW of Assisi.
Jocelyn Lorette Brown (born November 25, 1950), sometimes credited as Jocelyn Shaw, is an American R&B and dance singer. Although she has only one "Billboard" Hot 100 chart entry in her name, she has an extensive background in the music industry and is well known in the world of dance music. 
CJCA is a Canadian radio station. It operates at 930 AM with the current brand name "AM930 The Light" in Edmonton, Alberta.
The Party of the Hutu Emancipation Movement , also known as the Republican Democratic Movement – Parmehutu , was a political party in Rwanda. The movement emphasised the right of the majority ethnicity to rule and asserted the supremacy of Hutus over Tutsis. 
Andrzej Marian Olechowski (born 9 September 1947 in Kraków, Poland) is a Polish politician. He was one of the co-founders of liberal conservative party Civic Platform in 2001 with Maciej Płażyński and Donald Tusk. He served as Minister of Finance (1992) in the Jan Olszewski's Government and Minister of Foreign Affairs (1993–1995) in the Waldemar Pawlak's Government.
Kazan Cathedral or Kazanskiy Kafedralniy Sobor , also known as the Cathedral of Our Lady of Kazan, is a cathedral of the Russian Orthodox Church on the Nevsky Prospekt in Saint Petersburg. It is dedicated to "Our Lady of Kazan", one of the most venerated icons in Russia.
There are 38 Kangean Islands  altogether with 6 inhabited, forming an archipelago that is part of Indonesia covering a total space of 668 square km. They are located in the Java Sea approximately north of Bali and 120 km east of Madura Island. 
Juviles is a village and municipality in the central Alpujarras, in the province of Granada in Spain. The village is located at 36° 57' north and 3° 13' east, and stands at an altitude of 1,255 metres, on the road from Trevélez to Ugíjar. 
Bulgarian Air Charter is a Bulgarian charter airline headquartered in Sofia and based at Sofia Airport.
Jean Mitry (; 7 November 1904, Soissons, Aisne – 18 January 1988, La Garenne-Colombes) was a French film theorist, critic and filmmaker, a co-founder of France's first film society, and, in 1938, of the Cinémathèque Française.
Booysens is a western suburb of Pretoria, South Africa.
Sule Skerry is a remote skerry in the North Atlantic off the north coast of Scotland.
Alexey Viktorovich Shchusev (; – 24 May 1949) was an acclaimed Russian and Soviet architect whose works may be regarded as a bridge connecting Revivalist architecture of Imperial Russia with Stalin's Empire Style.
Sprint Canada is a defunct Canadian telecommunications service provider from 1993 to 2005, when it was acquired by Rogers Communications. Sprint offered both residential and business services. 
August "Gus" Bodnar (April 24, 1923 – July 1, 2005) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played 12 seasons in the National Hockey League  for the Toronto Maple Leafs, Chicago Black Hawks and Boston Bruins.
The Anschutz Corporation is an American private holding company headquartered in Denver, Colorado, United States. It was started during 1958 by Fred Anschutz, a wildcatter, and the father of Philip Anschutz, who assumed control of the company in 1962.
Arzamas  is a city in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the Tyosha River , east of Moscow. Population: 
Pepin the Short (, , c. 714 – 24 September 768) was the King of the Franks from 751 until his death. He was the first of the Carolingians to become king.
Edith Clara Summerskill, Baroness Summerskill (19 April 1901 – 4 February 1980) was a British physician, feminist, Labour politician and writer. She was appointed to the Privy Council in 1949.
WSFJ-TV, virtual channel 51 (UHF digital channel 19), is an Ion Plus owned-and-operated television station licensed to London, Ohio, United States and serving the Columbus, Ohio television market. The station is owned by Ion Media Networks. 
Freiherr Wilhelm Emmanuel von Ketteler (25 December 181113 July 1877) was a German theologian and politician who served as Bishop of Mainz. His social teachings became influential during the papacy of Leo XIII and his encyclical "Rerum novarum".
Fopp is a British chain of retail stores selling music, film, books and other entertainment products in the United Kingdom. It is owned by HMV.
Berry Aviation is an American charter airline based in San Marcos, Texas, United States. It was established and started operations in 1983 and operates charter passenger and cargo flights as well as work for the US Postal Service. Its main base is San Marcos Municipal Airport.
Long Island Power Authority, commonly abbreviated as LIPA , is a municipal subdivision of the State of New York that owns the electric transmission and electric distribution system serving all Long Island and a portion of New York City known as the Rockaways. LIPA was originally created under the Long Island Power Act of 1985 to acquire the Long Island Lighting Company 's electric and natural gas infrastructure after the cancellation of the Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant. 
Moon Hee-joon (; or spelled Moon Hee-jun; born March 14, 1978) is a South Korean pop rock singer-songwriter signed under SidusHQ. He initially rose to fame as the leader of former boy band H.O.T. under SM Entertainment.
Azov Avia Airlines was a cargo airline based in Melitopol, Ukraine offering chartered flights using two Ilyushin Il-76MD aircraft. The airline was established and started operations in 1996, and ceased to exist in 2004.
Rata Blanca  is a heavy metal band from Argentina, formed in 1986. It is considered the most famous metal band in its country.
40 Below Summer is an American metal band from New Jersey.
Sir Nicholas George Winton (born Wertheim; 19May 19091July 2015) was a British humanitarian who established an organization to rescue children at risk from Nazi Germany. Born to German-Jewish parents who had emigrated to Britain, Winton supervised the rescue of 669 children, most of them Jewish, from Czechoslovakia on the eve of World War II. 
Vincent Paul Kartheiser (born May 5, 1979) is an American actor. He played Connor on The WB television series "Angel" and Pete Campbell on the AMC television series "Mad Men", for which he received six Screen Actors Guild Award nominations for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series and won twice along with the cast.
Henry Way Kendall (December 9, 1926 – February 15, 1999) was an American particle physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1990 jointly with Jerome Isaac Friedman and Richard E. Taylor "for their pioneering investigations concerning deep inelastic scattering of electrons on protons and bound neutrons, which have been of essential importance for the development of the quark model in particle physics."
Princess Srinagarindra (; ; 21 October 1900 – 18 July 1995) née Sangwan Talapat  was a member of the Thai Royal Family. She was also a member of the House of Mahidol, which is descended from the Chakri Dynasty, and was originated by Prince Mahidol Adulyadej, the Prince of Songkla, son of King Chulalongkorn . She was the mother of Princess Galyani Vadhana, the Princess of Naradhiwas, King Ananda Mahidol , and King Bhumibol Adulyadej .
Whiplash is an American thrash metal band. The band was founded in 1984 in Passaic, New Jersey by the three Tonys: Tony Portaro , Tony Scaglione  and Tony Bono .
AmSouth Bancorporation was a banking company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, and operated for its final year in existence as a bank holding company  of Regions Financial Corporation after a merger between the two banks. AmSouth was previously known as First National Bank of Birmingham, which was first organized by Charles Linn in 1872. 
Reimar Constantin von Alvensleben (26 August 1809 – 28 March 1892) was a Prussian  general.
Tata Steel Europe Ltd.  is a steelmaking company headquartered in London, United Kingdom, with its main operations in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands.
Ohain is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
La Roche University is a private university in McCandless Township, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1963 by the Sisters of Divine Providence as a Roman Catholic college and now sits on an campus in McCandless within the Diocese of Pittsburgh.
Nicole (Nicole Seibert, née Hohloch; born 25 October 1964, Saarbrücken, Germany) is a German singer. She won the Eurovision Song Contest 1982 with the song "Ein bißchen Frieden" , which also reached the top of the UK Singles Chart.
Everett Community College  is a community college in Everett, Washington, in the Seattle metropolitan area. EvCC educates more than 19,000 students every year at locations throughout Snohomish County, Washington with most students and faculty at the main campus in Everett.
Richard Leonard Adelman (born June 16, 1946) is an American retired professional basketball player and coach. He coached 23 seasons in the National Basketball Association. He served as head coach of the NBA's Golden State Warriors, Portland Trail Blazers, Sacramento Kings, Houston Rockets and Minnesota Timberwolves.
Joachim Sauer (born 19 April 1949) is a German quantum chemist and professor emeritus of physical and theoretical chemistry at the Humboldt University of Berlin. He is the husband of the chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel. He is one of the seven members of the board of trustees of the Friede Springer Foundation, together with former German president Horst Köhler and others.
Section 25 are an English post-punk and electronic band, best known for the single "Looking From A Hilltop", with two different music videos, and their association with Manchester record label Factory Records.
Bagnolet is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris. 
Augustin-Alexandre Dumont, known as Auguste Dumont (Paris 4 August 1801 – 28 January 1884, Paris) was a French sculptor.
The Northwest Territories Liberal Party was a short-lived branch of the Liberal Party of Canada in the Northwest Territories.
The Pachakuti Indigenous Movement  is a left-wing indigenist political party in Bolivia founded in November 2000. 
Aria Air  was an airline based in Tehran, Iran. It operated international and domestic passenger services. Its main base was at Mehrabad International Airport.
Chrislehurston is a suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa. It is located in Region E of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality.
Orchards is a suburb of Pretoria in Gauteng, South Africa. It is located north west of the Pretoria CBD, and central to the mainplace Akasia. 
Elden Jerome Campbell (born July 23, 1968) is an American retired professional basketball player who played as a power forward and center in the National Basketball Association .
The New Zealand Republican Party of 1995 was a political party which campaigned for the creation of a New Zealand republic as one of its main policies. It existed from 1995 to 2002.
Sydney Olympic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club, based in Belmore, Sydney, New South Wales, that plays in the National Premier Leagues NSW. The Club was founded as Pan-Hellenic Soccer Club in 1957 by Greek immigrants. 
Niamh Kavanagh ( ; born 13 February 1968) is an Irish singer who sang the winning entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993.
It Dies Today  is an American metalcore band that formed in Buffalo, New York during September 2001. The band achieved popular success in 2004 with the release of their debut album, "The Caitiff Choir". 
Salto  is the capital city of the Salto Department in northwestern Uruguay. As of the 2011 census it had a population of 104,028 and is the second most populated city in Uruguay.
Radical Change  is a political party in Colombia.
Independent Conservatism  is a conservative political party in Colombia. 
The Democratic Unity Party  is a socialist political party in Colombia. 
The Front of Hope  is a political party in Colombia. 
Iguala , known officially as Iguala de la Independencia, is a historic city located from the state capital of Chilpancingo, in the Mexican state of Guerrero in southwestern Mexico.
KGB-FM (101.5 MHz, "101-5 KGB") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to San Diego, California. It is owned and operated by and broadcasts a classic rock music format. KGB-FM's studios are located in San Diego's Kearny Mesa neighborhood on the northeast side, and the transmitter is located in East San Diego east of Balboa Park.
The Communist Party of Togo  is a communist party in Togo. It publishes the newspaper "Révolution" and has a youth wing, the Communist Youth Organisation of Togo .
Ujelang Atoll  is a coral atoll of 30 islands in the Pacific Ocean, in the Ralik Chain of the Marshall Islands. Its total land area is , and it encloses a lagoon of . 
Phoebe Snow (born Phoebe Ann Laub; July 17, 1950 – April 26, 2011) was an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist, best known for her 1975 song "Poetry Man". She was described by "The New York Times" as a "contralto grounded in a bluesy growl and capable of sweeping over four octaves."
The National Integration Party  is a conservative political party in Costa Rica. The party mainly endorses perennial candidate Dr. Walter Muñoz Céspedes, a San Jose medical doctor and five times presidential candidate, normally with testimonial results surrounding 1% or less of the votes. 
Torhild Skogsholm (born 18 October 1959, in Bodø) is a Norwegian politician . She was Minister of Transport and Communications from 2001 to 2005. 
The Gauley River is a river in West Virginia. It merges with the New River to form the Kanawha River, a tributary of the Ohio River. The river features numerous recreational whitewater areas, including
Lee Morgan (July 10, 1938 – February 19, 1972) was an American jazz trumpeter and composer. 
Melbourne Museum is a natural and cultural history museum located in the Carlton Gardens in Melbourne, Australia.
Lieutenant General Bernard Cyril Freyberg, 1st Baron Freyberg, (21 March 1889 – 4 July 1963) was a British-born soldier and Victoria Cross recipient, who served as the 7th Governor-General of New Zealand from 1946 to 1952.
John Henry (November 1750December 16, 1798) was the eighth Governor of Maryland and member of the United States Senate. He was born at his family's estate , located near Vienna in Dorchester County.
Friedrich Ebert (; 4 February 1871 28 February 1925) was a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany  and the first President of Germany from 1919 until his death in office in 1925.
Roshan Seth is an Indian-born British actor, who appears mainly in British and American films. He is known for his critically acclaimed performances in the films "Gandhi", "Mississippi Masala", "Not Without My Daughter", "My Beautiful Laundrette", "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom", "Such a Long Journey", and "Street Fighter: The Movie". He is the brother of retired Indian diplomat Aftab Seth.
Moshe Katsav (; born 5 December 1945) is an Israeli former politician who was the eighth President of Israel from 2000 to 2007. He was also a leading Likud member of the Israeli Knesset and a minister in its cabinet. 
Paul Tetsuhiko Kariya (born October 16, 1974) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger who played 15 seasons in the National Hockey League . Known as a skilled and fast-skating offensive player, he played in the NHL for the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Colorado Avalanche, Nashville Predators and St. Louis Blues.
Publius Sulpicius Galba Maximus (fl. late 3rd to early 2nd century BC) was a Roman military officer and Senator who was elected Roman consul twice, and appointed dictator once. 
John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich, PC, FRS (13 November 1718 – 30 April 1792) was a British statesman who succeeded his grandfather Edward Montagu, 3rd Earl of Sandwich as the Earl of Sandwich in 1729, at the age of ten. During his life, he held various military and political offices, including Postmaster General, First Lord of the Admiralty, and Secretary of State for the Northern Department. 
Blackpool F.C. is a professional association football club in the seaside town of Blackpool, Lancashire, England, which competes in League One, the third tier of English football. Founded in 1887, Blackpool's home ground since 1901 has been Bloomfield Road. 
Wilberforce University is a private, coed, liberal arts historically black university  located in Wilberforce, Ohio. Affiliated with the African Methodist Episcopal  Church, it was the first college to be owned and operated by African Americans. It participates in the United Negro College Fund.
Dorsey Burnette (December 28, 1932 – August 19, 1979) was an American early rockabilly singer. With his younger brother Johnny Burnette and a friend named Paul Burlison, he was a founder member of The Rock and Roll Trio. He is also the father of country musician and Fleetwood Mac member Billy Burnette.
Sally Kirkland (born October 31, 1941) is an American film, television and stage actress. She received Golden Globe and Independent Spirit Awards, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, for her performance in "Anna" (1987). Kirkland was also Golden Globe-nominated for her work in "The Haunted" (1991).
Cumnock Juniors Football Club are a Scottish junior football club based in Cumnock, Ayrshire.
Springhill is a community located in central Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Bickley is a district and a local government electoral ward in South East London, within the London Borough of Bromley. It is located east of Bromley and is situated 10.4 miles (16.7 km) south east of Charing Cross. 
Skipton  is a market town and civil parish in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England. Historically in the East Division of Staincliffe Wapentake in the West Riding of Yorkshire, it is on the River Aire and the Leeds and Liverpool Canal to the south of the Yorkshire Dales, north-west of Leeds, and west of York. At the 2011 Census, the population was 14,623.
Tecumseh is a town in Essex County in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. It is on Lake St. Clair east of Windsor and had a population of 23,229 at the 2016 census. It is part of the Windsor census metropolitan area, and is a part of the Windsor-Essex County region along with Amherstburg, Kingsville, Lakeshore, LaSalle and Leamington.
Paphlagonia  was an ancient area on the Black Sea coast of north central Anatolia, situated between Bithynia to the west and Pontus to the east, and separated from Phrygia  by a prolongation to the east of the Bithynian Olympus. According to Strabo, the river Parthenius formed the western limit of the region, and it was bounded on the east by the Halys river. 
Li Hongzhang, Marquess Suyi  (15 February 1823 – 7 November 1901), was a Chinese politician, general and diplomat of the late Qing dynasty. He quelled several major rebellions and served in important positions in the Qing imperial court, including the Viceroy of Zhili, Huguang and Liangguang.
Maracaibo  is a city and the municipal seat of Maracaibo Municipality in northwestern Venezuela, on the western shore of the strait that connects Lake Maracaibo to the Gulf of Venezuela. It is the second-largest city in Venezuela, after the national capital, Caracas, and the capital of the state of Zulia. 
Consuelo Vanderbilt Balsan (formerly Consuelo Spencer-Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough; born Consuelo Vanderbilt; 2 March 1877 – 6 December 1964) was a member of the prominent American Vanderbilt family. Her marriage to The 9th Duke of Marlborough has become an emblem of the socially advantageous, but loveless, marriages common during the Gilded Age.
Lionel Cranfield Sackville, 1st Duke of Dorset (18 January 168810 October 1765) was an English political leader and Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
Prince Michael Andreas Barclay de Tolly  was a Baltic German Field Marshal and Minister of War of the Russian Empire during Napoleon's invasion in 1812 and War of the Sixth Coalition. Barclay implemented a number of reforms during this time that improved supply system in the army, doubled the number of army troops, and implemented new combat training principles. He was also the Governor-General of Finland.
Frank Billings Kellogg (December 22, 1856December 21, 1937) was an American lawyer, politician and statesman who served in the U.S. Senate and as U.S. Secretary of State. He co-authored the Kellogg–Briand Pact, for which he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1929.
Sir Colin Rex Davis (25 September 1927 – 14 April 2013) was an English conductor, known for his association with the London Symphony Orchestra, having first conducted it in 1959. His repertoire was broad, but among the composers with whom he was particularly associated were Mozart, Berlioz, Elgar, Sibelius, Stravinsky and Tippett.
Cacophony was an American speed metal band formed in 1986 by guitarists Marty Friedman and Jason Becker, and signed to Shrapnel Records. They remained active until 1989, after which both guitarists forged their own solo careers and joined other bands.
Carlos Gardel (born Charles Romuald Gardès; 11 December 1890 – 24 June 1935) was a French Argentine singer, songwriter, composer and actor, and the most prominent figure in the history of tango. Gardel's baritone voice and the dramatic phrasing of his lyrics made miniature masterpieces of his hundreds of three-minute tango recordings. 
Philip Showalter Hench (February 28, 1896 – March 30, 1965) was an American physician. Hench, along with his Mayo Clinic co-worker Edward Calvin Kendall and Swiss chemist Tadeus Reichstein was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1950 for the discovery of the hormone cortisone, and its application for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. 
Sancho II , nicknamed the Pious  and the Caped or the Capuched , King of Portugal (8 September 1209 – 4 January 1248) was King of Portugal from 1223 to 1248. He was succeeded on the Portuguese throne by his brother, King Afonso III, in 1248.
He graduated from Keio University, and attended the university in the same years as "Macross" creator Shōji Kawamori and screenwriter Hiroshi Ōnogi. He joined the animation studio Artland while attending school, and was character designer in several anime series, including "The Super Dimension Fortress Macross", "Macross 7", "Gunbuster" and "Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress".
After the war, Ludendorff became a prominent nationalist leader, and a promoter of the Stab-in-the-back myth, which posited that the German loss in World War I was caused by the betrayal of the German Army by Marxists, Bolsheviks, and Jews who were furthermore responsible for the disadvantageous settlement negotiated for Germany in the Treaty of Versailles. He took part in the failed Kapp Putsch  with Wolfgang Kapp in 1920 and the Beer Hall Putsch of Adolf Hitler in 1923, and in 1925, he ran unsuccessfully for the office of President of Germany against his former superior Hindenburg.
Nash Motors Company was an American automobile manufacturer based in Kenosha, Wisconsin, in the United States from 1916 to 1937. From 1937 to 1954, Nash Motors was the automotive division of the Nash-Kelvinator Corporation. 
Imad ad-Din Zengi (;  – 14 September 1146), also romanized as Zangi, Zengui, Zenki, and Zanki, was a Oghuz Turkish atabeg who ruled Mosul, Aleppo, Hama, and Edessa. He was the namesake of the Zengid dynasty.
Eric Temple Bell (February 7, 1883 – December 21, 1960) was a Scottish-born mathematician and science fiction writer who lived in the United States for most of his life. He published non-fiction using his given name and fiction as John Taine.
Dobruja or Dobrudja  is a historical region in Eastern Europe that has been divided since the 19th century between the territories of Bulgaria and Romania. It is situated between the lower Danube River and the Black Sea, and includes the Danube Delta, Romanian coast, and the northernmost part of the Bulgarian coast. 
ACCAC  was the Qualifications, Curriculum and Assessment Authority for Wales.
Michelle Christine Trachtenberg (; born October 11, 1985) is an American actress and model. She is known for playing Jenny in "EuroTrip" (2004), Nona F. Mecklenberg in "The Adventures of Pete & Pete" (1994–1996), Dawn Summers in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (2000–2003), and Georgina Sparks in "Gossip Girl" (2008–2012).
Ivor Bertie Gurney (28 August 1890 – 26 December 1937) was an English poet and composer, particularly of songs. He was born and raised in Gloucester. 
Wu Bangguo (born 12 July 1941) is a retired high-ranking politician in the People's Republic of China. He was the Chairman and Party secretary of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress from 2003 to 2013, a position that made him China's chief legislator. 
Norwich, known as 'The Rose of New England,' is a city in New London County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 40,493 at the 2010 United States Census. Three rivers, the Yantic, the Shetucket, and the Quinebaug, flow into the city and form its harbor, from which the Thames River flows south to Long Island Sound.
Maynard is a small suburban town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The town is located 22 miles west of Boston, in the MetroWest and Greater Boston region of Massachusetts and borders Acton, Concord, Stow and Sudbury. As of the 2010 federal census, the town population was 10,106.
Hemel Hempstead is a historic town, later developed as a new town, in Hertfordshire, England. Located northwest of London, it is part of the Greater London Urban Area. The population according to the 2001 Census was 81,143, and at the 2011 census was 94,932.
Walsall  is a market town in the county of West Midlands, England. Historically part of Staffordshire, it is located north-west of Birmingham, east of Wolverhampton and from Lichfield.
Richmond is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,411 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
Duxbury  is a historic seaside town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. A suburb located on the South Shore approximately to the southeast of Boston, the population was 15,059 at the 2010 census.
Spencer is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 11,688 at the 2010 census.
Pittsfield is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 4,106 at the 2010 census.
Lisle is a town in Broome County, New York, United States. The population was 2,751 at the 2010 census.
Moravia is a town in Cayuga County, New York, United States. The population was 3,626 at the 2010 census.
Mooers is a town in Clinton County, New York, United States. The population was 3,592 at the 2010 census. The town is named after Benjamin Mooers, an early settler.
Rhinebeck is a town in Dutchess County, New York, United States. The population was 7,548 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Poughkeepsie-Newburgh-Middletown metropolitan area as well as the larger New York metropolitan area.
Mayfield is a town in Fulton County, New York, United States. The population of the town was 6,495 at the 2010 census. 
Croghan is a town in Lewis County, New York, United States. The population was 3,093 at the 2010 census.
Pittsford, a suburb of Rochester, is a town in Monroe County, New York, United States. The population was 29,405 at the 2010 census.
Camillus is a town in Onondaga County, New York, United States. The population was 24,167 at the 2010 census. 
New Windsor is a town in Orange County, New York, United States. The Town of New Windsor is in the eastern part of the county, bordering the Town of Newburgh and the City of Newburgh. The population was estimated at 25,244 in 2010 by the US Census.
Laurens is a town in Otsego County, New York, United States. The population was 2,424 at the 2010 census.
Esperance is a town in Schoharie County, New York, United States. The population was 2,043 at the 2000 census. 
Hermon is a town in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States. The population was 1,108 at the 2010 census. Hermon is named after Mount Hermon, in Syria.
Southampton,  officially the Town of Southampton, is a town located in southeastern Suffolk County, New York, partly on the South Fork of Long Island. As of the 2010 United States Census, the town had a total population of 56,790. Southampton is included in the stretch of shoreline prominently known as The Hamptons.
Bedford is a town in Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 17,335 at the 2010 census.
Barre is the most populous city in Washington County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2010 census, the municipal population was 9,052. 
Lodi is a town in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,791 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Harmony Grove and Okee are in the town and the census-designated place of Lake Wisconsin is partially in the town.
Patch Grove is a town in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 390 at the 2000 census. The Village of Patch Grove is located within the town.
Argyle is a town in Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 479 at the 2000 census. The Village of Argyle is located within the town.
Oconto is a town in Oconto County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,251 at the 2000 census. The City of Oconto is located partially within the town.
Clinton is a town in Rock County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 2190 at the 2000 census. The Village of Clinton and the unincorporated community of Bergen are located in the town.
Waukesha is a town in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 8,596 at the 2000 census. The City of Waukesha is located adjacent to the town.
The Pacific Community  is an international development organisation owned and governed by its 26 country and territory members. The organisation's headquarters are in Nouméa, New Caledonia, and it has regional offices in Suva, Fiji, and Pohnpei, Federated States of Micronesia, as well as a country office in Honiara, Solomon Islands, and field staff in other Pacific locations. Its working languages are English and French.
Nicholas Ridley, Baron Ridley of Liddesdale, (17 February 1929 – 4 March 1993) was a British Conservative politician and government minister.
Lyman Hall (April 12, 1724 – October 19, 1790), physician, clergyman, and statesman, was a signer of the United States Declaration of Independence as a representative of Georgia. Hall County is named after him.
Iligan Bay is a bay in Mindanao Island in the Philippines. The bay is part of the Bohol Sea, and curves into the northern coast of Mindanao Island.
Henry Reynolds (born 1 March 1938) is an Australian historian whose primary work has focused on the frontier conflict between European settlers in Australia and indigenous Australians.
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport is mostly in Pittston Township, Pennsylvania, and spans the border between Luzerne County and Lackawanna County. It is owned and operated by the two counties; it is about 7 miles from Scranton and 8 miles from Wilkes-Barre. 
Party of Law and Justice , previously named Party of the Socio-Economic Justice of Moldova  is a Christian-democrat political party from Moldova, led by Nicolae Alexei.
The College of Lake County  is a public community college in Grayslake, Illinois. In 1967, a referendum passed establishing the CLC community college district. 
Paul Joseph Marie Le Guen ( or ; born 1 March 1964) is a French football manager, who is currently in charge of Le Havre AC and is a former player who enjoyed a successful stay with PSG and won 17 caps for the France national team.
Ryavallen is a multi-purpose stadium in Borås, Sweden. From its inauguration in 1941 to 2004, it was the home of IF Elfsborg who now play at Borås Arena. During the 1958 FIFA World Cup, it hosted the matches between USSR and Austria, and between England and Austria.
Jan Tomaszewski (born 9 January 1948) is a former Polish international football goalkeeper of the 1970s. He backstopped the national teams that came third at the 1974 World Cup, where he was named Best Goalkeeper, that won the silver medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics, and that competed at the 1978 World Cup. 
Stephanie Beacham (born 28 February 1947) is an English television, radio, film and theatre actress. She is known for her television roles in the BBC drama "Tenko" (1981–82), the ITV drama "Connie" (1985), and for playing Sable Colby in the ABC soap operas "The Colbys" (1985–87) and "Dynasty" (1988–89). Her film appearances include "Dracula A.D. 1972" (1972), "Schizo" (1976) and "Troop Beverly Hills" (1989).
Longtown is a small town in northern Cumbria, England, just south of the Anglo-Scottish border. Its sheep market was at the centre of the 2001 United Kingdom foot-and-mouth crisis.
Oberstdorf  is a municipality and skiing and hiking town in southwest Germany, located in the Allgäu region of the Bavarian Alps. Oberstdorf is one of the highest market towns in Germany. The southernmost point in Germany is located in the municipality and it is the southernmost settlement in both Bavaria, and in Germany overall.
The Socialist Party of Uruguay  is a Uruguayan socialist political party. 
Jesper Olsen (born 20 March 1961) is a Danish former footballer who played for Ajax of the Netherlands and Manchester United of England, among other teams. Olsen was a regular left winger for the Danish national team, scoring five goals in 43 matches. He represented Denmark at the Euro 1984 and 1986 World Cup tournaments.
Joseph Albert Pierre Paul Pilote (December 11, 1931 – September 9, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and perennial All-Star, most notably for the Chicago Black Hawks of the National Hockey League , for which he served as team captain for seven seasons.
Inishbofin  is a small island off the coast of Connemara, County Galway, Ireland. Inishbofin has around 180 inhabitants and is a popular tourist destination.
Harder Stadium is a 17,000 seat, outdoor multi-purpose stadium on the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara in Santa Barbara, California. It serves as the on-campus soccer stadium for both the men's and women's programs. 
Little Tobago  is a small island off the northeastern coast of Tobago, and part of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.
Cadoneghe is a town and "comune" in the province of Padua, in the Veneto region of northern Italy. The town is approximately from Venice, the capital of the region. The city is situated on the Brenta River.
Johann Adam Bernhard Ritter von Bartsch (17 August 1757 – 21 August 1821) was an Austrian scholar and artist. His catalogue of old master prints is the foundation of the art history of printmaking, and he was himself a printmaker in engraving and etching.
Srebrna krila  are a Croatian pop band from Zagreb that are popular across the ex-Yugoslav states.
Joseph Paul Richard Worsley, (born 14 June 1977) is a retired English rugby union player who played flanker for Wasps and England.
Nipigon  is a township in Thunder Bay District, Northwestern Ontario, Canada, located along the west side of the Nipigon River and south of the small Lake Helen running between Lake Nipigon and Lake Superior. Lake Nipigon is located approximately north of Nipigon. 
Hayward Field was a historic track and field stadium in the northwest United States, located on the campus of the University of Oregon in Nearly a century in age, it has been the home of the university's track and field teams since 1921, and was the on-campus home of the varsity football team from 1919 through 1966.
Guido Adler (1 November 1855, Ivančice (Eibenschütz), Moravia – 15 February 1941, Vienna) was a Bohemian-Austrian musicologist and writer.
John Glover Roberts Jr. (born January 27, 1955) is the 17th and current Chief Justice of the United States, serving in this role since 2005.
Carl Ludwig Koch (21 September 1778 – 23 August 1857) was a German entomologist and arachnologist. He was responsible for classifying a great number of spiders, including the Brazilian whiteknee tarantula and Common house spider. He was born in Kusel, Germany and died in Nuremberg, Germany.
Elizabeth Scarlett "Lizzy" Jagger (born March 2, 1984) is an American lobbyist, model and actress. Born in New York City to Jerry Hall and Sir Mick Jagger, she has seven siblings, among them are Georgia May Jagger, James Jagger, Gabriel Jagger, and paternal half-sister of Jade Jagger. Elizabeth Jagger grew up in London, where she attended Ibstock Place School. 
WKTU (103.5 FM) – branded "103.5 KTU" – is a Rhythmic Hot AC formatted radio station licensed to Lake Success, New York, a suburb of New York City. WKTU is owned by iHeartMedia and broadcasts from studios in the former AT&T Building in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan; its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building.
Therese Neumann (8 or 9 April 1898 – 18 September 1962) was a German Catholic mystic and stigmatic.
Tinonee is a small town on the banks of the Manning River, near Taree on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales in Mid-Coast Council, Australia. Tinonee was founded in 1854 and in the late 1980s became part of Greater Taree City. At the , Tinonee had a population of 734 people.
Since gaining J.League membership in 2001, Yokohama FC has spent all but one season in the second tier of the Japanese football league system; the club gained promotion to J.League Division 1 as champions of J.League Division 2 in 2006, but were immediately relegated the following season.
Hede Massing, née "Hedwig Tune"  (6 January 1900 – 8 March 1981), was an Austrian actress in Vienna and Berlin, communist, and Soviet intelligence operative in Europe and the United States during the 1930s and 1940s. After World War II, she defected from the Soviet underground. 
The Knox Automobile Company was a manufacturer of automobiles in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States, between 1900 and 1914. Knox also built trucks and farm tractors until 1924.
Albert Karl Theodor Reuss [German: ʀɔʏ̯s or ʁɔʏ̯s] (June 28, 1855 – October 28, 1923) was an Anglo-German tantric occultist, freemason, alleged police agent, journalist, singer, and head of Ordo Templi Orientis.
George Weston Foods is one of the largest consumer products companies in Australia. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Associated British Foods Plc. Its brands include Tip Top and Top Taste.
Joe Bataan  (born November 15, 1942 in Spanish Harlem, New York City) is an African American-Filipino Latin soul musician from New York.
The Innviertel  is a traditional Austrian region southeast of the Inn river. It forms the western part of the state of Upper Austria and borders the German state of Bavaria. 
Matthias of Arras (c.1290–1352), sometimes spelled as Matthew of Arras  was a French architect, famed for his work on St. Vitus Cathedral in Prague.
Cosford is a village in Shropshire, England. It is located on the A41 road, which is itself just south of junction 3 on the M54 motorway. The village is very small and is mostly made up of dwellings that house Royal Air Force personnel who work at the adjacent RAF Cosford.
Klaus Huber (30 November 1924 – 2 October 2017) was a Swiss composer and academic based in Basel and Freiburg. Among his students were Brian Ferneyhough, Younghi Pagh-Paan, Toshio Hosokawa, Wolfgang Rihm, and Kaija Saariaho. He received the Ernst von Siemens Music Prize in 2009, among other awards.
Real Murcia Club de Fútbol, S.A.D., commonly known as Real Murcia , is a Spanish football club based in Murcia, in the namesake region. Founded in 8 February 1908, it currently plays in Segunda División B – Group 4, playing home matches at "Estadio Nueva Condomina", which holds 31,179 spectators.
The Saddle River flows south through much of Bergen County, New Jersey. The river runs through densely populated suburban areas for much of its course. 
Walden University is an online for-profit university and Public Benefit Corporation headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Walden University offers Bachelor of Science, Master of Science, Master of Business Administration, Master of Public Administration, Master of Public Health, Education Specialist, Doctor of Education, Doctor of Business Administration, and Doctor of Philosophy degrees in a number of academic fields.
Moreno is a city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is the head town of Moreno Partido. It forms part of the Greater Buenos Aires urban conurbation and is located around to the west of the autonomous city of Buenos Aires.
Leigh Creek is a former coal-mining town in eastern central South Australia. At the 2016 census, Leigh Creek had a population of 245, a 55% decrease from 550 in the previous census in 2011.
The Renous River is a tributary of the Southwest Miramichi River in New Brunswick, Canada.
KLST, virtual channel 8 (VHF digital channel 11), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to San Angelo, Texas, United States. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, which also operates NBC affiliate KSAN-TV (channel 3) under joint sales and shared services agreements with owner Mission Broadcasting. 
Melrose is the oldest town in the Flinders Ranges. It is in the shadow of Mount Remarkable, 265 km north of Adelaide, and the town was once named "Mount Remarkable". At the 2011 census, Melrose had a population of 406.
Nueva Loja , also known as Lago Agrio, is the capital of the province of Sucumbíos in Ecuador. It was founded in the 1960s as a base camp of Texaco. 
Wilhelmus Marinus Anthonius Jansen (born 28 October 1946 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch former footballer and manager. Jansen won 65 international caps with the Netherlands national football team and played in the Dutch teams that reached the 1974 and 1978 World Cup Finals.
Lauren Weisberger (born March 28, 1977) is an American novelist and author of the 2003 bestseller "The Devil Wears Prada", a "roman à clef" of her experience as a put-upon assistant to "Vogue" editor-in-chief Anna Wintour.
The Philadelphia Fury are an American soccer team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, that competes in the National Independent Soccer Association . The club formerly competed in the American Soccer League and is currently owned by Martin E. Judge and Matt Driver. The team continues to sport the colors of the original team.
Lukas Josef Podolski  on 4 June 1985) is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for Japanese side Vissel Kobe. He is regarded as one of the best German players of his generation, and among the best finishers in world football. 
The island of Makira  is the largest island of Makira-Ulawa Province in the Solomon Islands. The island is located east of Guadalcanal and south of Malaita. The largest and capital city is Kirakira.
Pedro Salinas y Serrano (27 November 1891 – 4 December 1951) was a Spanish poet, a member of the Generation of '27, as well as a university teacher, scholar and literary critic. In 1937, he delivered the Turnbull lectures at Johns Hopkins University. 
Curtis Amy (October 11, 1929 – June 5, 2002) was an American West Coast jazz musician known for his work on tenor saxophone. He also explored styles such as soul jazz and hard bop.
JILA, formerly known as the Joint Institute for Laboratory Astrophysics, is a physical science research institute in the United States. JILA is located on the University of Colorado Boulder campus. JILA was founded in 1962 as a joint institute of The University of Colorado Boulder and the National Institute of Standards & Technology
Lages, formerly Lajens, is a Brazilian municipality located in the central part of the state of Santa Catarina, in the region known in Portuguese as "Planalto Serrano".
Cyril Suk III (born 29 January 1967) is a former professional tennis player. A doubles specialist, Suk won one Grand Slam men's doubles title and four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles during his career.
The Christian Democratic Centre  was a Christian-democratic political party in Italy from 1994 to 2002. The CCD was a member of the European People's Party .
The Carnegie Corporation of New York is a philanthropic fund established by Andrew Carnegie in 1911 to support education programs across the United States, and later the world. Carnegie Corporation has endowed or otherwise helped to establish institutions that include the United States National Research Council, what was then the Russian Research Center at Harvard University , the Carnegie libraries and the Children's Television Workshop. It also for many years generously funded Carnegie's other philanthropic organizations, the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching , and the Carnegie Institution for Science .
The Democratic Party of the Atlantic  was a far-right political party, based in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. A regional party, whose electorate was concentrated on the islands of São Miguel, it was created by former supporters of the fascist New State. 
Arne Christer Fuglesang  (born March 18, 1957 in Stockholm) is a Swedish physicist and an ESA astronaut. He was first launched aboard the STS-116 Space Shuttle mission on December 10, 2006, at 01:47 GMT, making him the first Swedish citizen in space.
Intourist  is a Russian  travel agency. It is headquartered in Moscow. 
The New Conservative Group  was a short-lived Australian political party registered in the Australian Capital Territory. It was founded in November 1991 by Robyn Nolan, a former Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly, who had resigned from that party the previous month. 
Gustavo José Joaquín Noboa Bejarano (born August 21, 1937 in Guayaquil, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian politician, former President of Ecuador (from January 22, 2000, to January 15, 2003) and Vice President during Jamil Mahuad's government.
Samana Cay is now an uninhabited island in the Bahamas, believed by some researchers to have been the location of Columbus's first landfall in the Americas, on October 12, 1492.
Scooch are a British bubblegum dance group, comprising performers Natalie Powers, Caroline Barnes, David Ducasse and Russ Spencer.
Sir Richard Graves MacDonnell  (3 September 1814 – 5 February 1881) was an Anglo-Irish lawyer, judge and colonial governor. His posts as governor included Governor of the British Settlements in West Africa, Governor of Saint Vincent, Governor of South Australia, Governor of Nova Scotia and Governor of Hong Kong. 
Fecal Matter was a short-lived punk rock band from Aberdeen, Washington. The group was formed in 1985 by Kurt Cobain, the future front man of the grunge band Nirvana, along with Dale Crover of Melvins and drummer Greg Hokanson. 
Ana Carolina Ardohaín Dos Santos (born January 17, 1978) is an Argentine model, television personality and actress. She is widely known by the nickname Pampita, a diminutive for La Pampa, the Argentine province where she was born. 
Bruno Simma (born March 29, 1941 in Quierschied, Germany), is a German jurist who served as a judge on the International Court of Justice from 2003 until 2012. 
Christoph Gustav Ernst Ahl (1 September 1898 – 14 February 1945) was a German zoologist, born in Berlin.
The River Suck  is a river within the Shannon River Basin in Ireland, 133 km (82.5 mi) in length.
Meschede is a town in the Hochsauerland district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the district Hochsauerlandkreis.
The Fitchburg Railroad is a former railroad company, which built a railroad line across northern Massachusetts, United States, leading to and through the Hoosac Tunnel. The Fitchburg was leased to the Boston and Maine Railroad in 1900. 
The River Misbourne rises in a field on the outskirts of Great Missenden, Buckinghamshire, and flows down the Misbourne valley to join the River Colne just north of where the latter is crossed by the A40 Western Avenue.
William Henry Vanderbilt III (November 24, 1901April 14, 1981) was Governor of Rhode Island and a member of the wealthy and socially prominent Vanderbilt family.
August Belmont Sr., original name August Schönberg, (December 8, 1813November 24, 1890) was a German Jewish-American politician, financier, foreign diplomat, and party chairman of the Democratic National Committee during the 1860s, and later a horse-breeder and racehorse owner. He was the founder and namesake of the Belmont Stakes, third leg of the Triple Crown series of American thoroughbred horse racing.
Daniel Edward Antonucci (, ; born February 27, 1957) is a Canadian animator, director, producer, and writer. Antonucci is known for creating the Cartoon Network animated comedy series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". He also created "Lupo the Butcher", "Cartoon Sushi", and "The Brothers Grunt".
The Naas River, a perennial stream of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
Martin Sigismund Eduard von Simson (10 November 1810 – 2 May 1899) was a German jurist and distinguished liberal politician of the Kingdom of Prussia and German Empire, who served as President of the Frankfurt Parliament as well as the first President of the German Parliament and of the Imperial Court. He was ennobled by Frederick III in 1888.
Simo Johannes Valakari (born 28 April 1973) is a Finnish football coach and former player who is currently the head coach of Eliteserien club Tromsø.
Lord Alfred Henry Paget (26 June 1816 – 24 August 1888) was a British soldier, courtier and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1837 and 1865.
Publius Pomponius Secundus was a distinguished statesman and poet in the reigns of Tiberius, Caligula, and Claudius. He was suffect consul for the "nundinium" of January-June 44, succeeding the ordinary consul Gaius Sallustius Crispus Passienus and as the colleague of the other ordinary consul, Titus Statilius Taurus. Publius was on intimate terms with the elder Pliny, who wrote a biography of him, now lost.
St. Louis Regional Airport is a public airport four miles (6 km) east of Alton, in Madison County, Illinois. It is in the village of Bethalto but its mailing address is East Alton.
Karl Gustav Adolf Knies (29 March 18213 August 1898) was a German economist of the historical school of economics, best known as the author of "Political Economy from the Standpoint of the Historical Method" (1853). Knies taught at the University of Heidelberg for over 30 years, and was perhaps the most theoretically-oriented economist of the older historical school.
Vera Weizmann (; November 27, 1881 – September 24, 1966), wife of Chaim Weizmann, the first president of the State of Israel, was a medical doctor and a Zionist activist.
The Reformatory Political Federation  was a minor Protestant Christian political party in the Netherlands.
Michael Rashard Clayton (born October 13, 1982) is a former American football wide receiver who played professionally in the National Football League . He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 15th overall in the 2004 NFL draft. He played college football at LSU.
Saint-Mihiel is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Saha Airlines  is an Iranian airline based in Tehran that operates scheduled domestic flights.
Sir Rudolf Bing, KBE (January 9, 1902 – September 2, 1997) was an Austrian-born opera impresario who worked in Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States, most notably being General Manager of the Metropolitan Opera in New York City from 1950 to 1972. He was naturalized as a British subject in 1946 and was knighted in 1971.
Danube University Krems  is an Austrian university specialized in postgraduate education. It is located in Krems an der Donau, Lower Austria.
The Jazz Butcher, also known as The Jazz Butcher Conspiracy and The Jazz Butcher And His Sikkorskis From Hell, are a British musical group founded by Pat Fish.
Johann Wilhelm Ritter (16 December 1776 – 23 January 1810) was a German chemist, physicist and philosopher. He was born in Samitz  near Haynau  in Silesia (then part of Prussia, since 1945 in Poland), and died in Munich.
Vicente Gómez Martínez-Espinel (; 28 December 15504 February 1624) was a Spanish writer and musician of the Siglo de Oro.
Lee Evans III (born March 11, 1981) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League . He was drafted by the Buffalo Bills in the first round (13th overall) of the 2004 NFL Draft and also played for the Baltimore Ravens. He played college football at Wisconsin.
Jim Marurai (born 9 July 1947) is a Cook Islands politician and former Prime Minister of the Cook Islands. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Morris William Travers, FRS (24 January 1872 – 25 August 1961) was an English chemist who worked with Sir William Ramsay in the discovery of xenon, neon and krypton. His work on several of the rare gases earned him the name "Rare gas Travers" in scientific circles. 
David Ivor Young, Baron Young of Graffham, (born 27 February 1932) is a British Conservative politician and businessman.
Harmony Airways was an airline headquartered in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada, a suburb of Vancouver. It operated holiday flights from Canada to Mexico, Hawaii and Las Vegas, Nevada. Its main base was Vancouver International Airport.
Broadwick Street  is a street in Soho, City of Westminster, London. It runs for 0.18 miles (0.29 km) approximately west-east between Marshall Street and Wardour Street, crossing Berwick Street.
Neil Francis Lennon (born 25 June 1971) is a Northern Irish football coach and former player who is the manager of Scottish Premiership club Celtic.
Altenkirchen  is a town in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, capital of the district of Altenkirchen. It is located approximately 40 km east of Bonn and 50 km north of Koblenz. Altenkirchen is the seat of the "Verbandsgemeinde"  Altenkirchen.
Sankoré Madrasah, The University of Sankoré, or Sankore Masjid is one of three ancient centers of learning located in Timbuktu, Mali, West Africa. The three mosques of Sankoré, Djinguereber and Sidi Yahya compose the University of Timbuktu. 
Alboraya  or Alboraia  is a town and municipality of the province of Valencia, Spain. It is situated very close to the city of Valencia.
Paysandu Sport Club, or Paysandu, as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Belém in Pará, founded on February 2, 1914.
Asipovichy  or Osipovichi  is a town in Mahilyow Voblast, Belarus, located 136 km southwest of Mogilev, 3 km south of the Minsk-Homyel expressway. It is located at the junction of railway lines between Minsk, Homel, Mahilyow , and Baranavichy. 
Winkler is a small city with a population of 14,311 (2016 federal census) located in southern Manitoba, Canada surrounded by the Rural Municipality of Stanley. It is one hundred kilometres southwest of Winnipeg. 
Lawrence Demetric Johnson (born March 14, 1969) is an American retired basketball player who spent his professional career in the National Basketball Association  with the Charlotte Hornets and New York Knicks. At an officially listed height of 6'7" (2.01 m) tall, he played at the power forward position, due to his strength.
CHAS-FM is a radio station licensed to and serving Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada. 
CMT is a Canadian pay television channel that is owned as a joint venture between Corus Entertainment (which owns a controlling 90% interest) and Viacom (which owns the remaining 10%), owners of the flagship CMT channel in the United States.
The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research " abbreviated as CSIR was established by the Government of India in September of 1942 as an autonomous body that has emerged as the largest research and development organisation in India.
Blida  is a city in Algeria. It is the capital of Blida Province, and it is located about 45 km south-west of Algiers, the national capital. 
Al-Afdal Shahanshah (; ; 1066 – December 11, 1121), born Abu al-Qasim Shahanshah bin Badr al-Jamali and surnamed al-Malik al-Afdal , was a vizier of the Fatimid caliphs of Egypt.
Angela Bulloch (born 1966 in Rainy River, Ontario, Canada), is an artist who often works with sound and installation; she is recognised as one of the Young British Artists. Bulloch lives and works in Berlin.
James Brydges, 1st Duke of Chandos, (6 January 1673 in Dewsall, Herefordshire9 August 1744 in Cannons) was the first of fourteen children of the 8th Baron Chandos and Elizabeth Barnard. Three days after his father's death on 16 October 1714, when he became 9th Baron Chandos, he was created Earl of Carnarvon, and he was subsequently created Duke of Chandos in 1719. He was a member of parliament for Hereford from 1698 to 1714.
The Truro River is a river in the city of Truro in Cornwall, England, UK. It is the product of the convergence of the two rivers named Kenwyn and Allen which run under the city: the Truro River  flows into the River Fal, estuarial waters where wildlife is abundant, and then out into the Carrick Roads. 
Andrew James Clutterbuck (born 14 September 1973), better known by his stage name Andrew Lincoln, is an English actor. His first major role was in the BBC drama "This Life", followed by roles such as Simon Casey in the Channel 4 sitcom "Teachers" and Mark in the Christmas-themed romantic comedy film "Love Actually" (2003). 
Irving Penn (June 16, 1917October 7, 2009) was an American photographer known for his fashion photography, portraits, and still lifes. Penn's career included work at "Vogue" magazine, and independent advertising work for clients including Issey Miyake and Clinique. 
James Kottak (born December 26, 1962 in Louisville, Kentucky) is an American drummer. Kottak is best known for his work with the German hard rock band Scorpions, which he joined in 1996. 
Vija Celmins is a Latvian-American visual artist best known for photo-realistic paintings and drawings of natural environments and phenomena such as the ocean, spider webs, star fields, and rocks. Her earlier work included pop sculptures and monochromatic representational paintings. Based in New York City, she has been the subject of over forty solo exhibitions since 1965, and major retrospectives at the Museum of Modern Art, Whitney Museum of American Art, Los Angeles County Museum of Art, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, Institute of Contemporary Arts, London and the Centre Pompidou, Paris.
Andrew John 'Andy' Ward (born 28 September 1952 in Epsom, England) is an English progressive rock drummer.
PAETEC Holding Corporation was a FORTUNE 1000 telecommunications company headquartered in Perinton, New York, United States. It was founded as the private company PaeTec Communications, Inc. in 1998 by Arunas A. Chesonis. 
Westmont College, founded in 1937, is an interdenominational Christian liberal arts college in Montecito near Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara County, California.
Edward Carl Webb (born January 20, 1975) better known by his stage name Rake Yohn  is a member of the CKY Crew and a regular in the "CKY Videos", MTV's "Viva La Bam" and "Jackass".
Jacques Émile Massu (; 5 May 1908 – 26 October 2002) was a French general who fought in World War II, the First Indochina War, the Algerian War and the Suez crisis. He is famous for having led the French troops in the Battle of Algiers and for his support and, later, denunciation of torture.
Edward Crosby "Ned" Johnson III (born June 29, 1930) is an American billionaire investor and businessman who, along with daughter Abigail Johnson, owns and runs Fidelity Investments and Fidelity International. 
Pat Morris Neff (November 26, 1871 – January 20, 1952) was an American politician, educator and administrator, and the 28th Governor of Texas from 1921 to 1925, ninth President of Baylor University from 1932 to 1947, and twenty-fifth president of the Southern Baptist Convention from 1944 to 1946.
Nkosazana Clarice Dlamini-Zuma (born 27 January 1949), sometimes referred to by her initials NDZ, is a South African politician and anti-apartheid activist, currently serving as Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs. She was South Africa's Minister of Health from 1994 to 1999, under President Nelson Mandela, Minister of Foreign Affairs, under presidents Thabo Mbeki and Kgalema Motlanthe, Minister of Home Affairs in the first term of former President Jacob Zuma (with whom she was previously married for 16 years) and Minister in the Presidency for the National Planning Commission for Policy and Evaluation under President Cyril Ramaphosa.
Wilhelm Jordan (1 March 1842, Ellwangen, Württemberg – 17 April 1899, Hanover) was a German geodesist who conducted surveys in Germany and Africa and founded the German geodesy journal.
Main Source is a Canadian/American hip hop group based in New York City/Toronto, composed of Toronto DJs and producers, Sir Scratch and K-Cut, and Queens MC and producer Large Professor. Later, MC Mikey D  replaced Large Professor.
Chittagong College is a government college in Chittagong, Bangladesh. It is the second college established in Bangladesh after Dhaka College. 
Pierre Charles Bouvier (born 9 May 1979) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, musician, composer and actor who is best known as the lead vocalist of the rock band Simple Plan.
Daliah Lavi (born Daliah Lewinbuk or Levenbuch; ; 12 October 1942 – 3 May 2017) was an Israeli actress, singer, and model.
, also known as MRO, is a Japanese broadcast network affiliated with the Japan News Network . Their headquarters are located in Ishikawa Prefecture.
Manisa  is a large city in Turkey's Aegean Region and the administrative seat of Manisa Province.
Kelheim is a town and municipality in Bavaria, Germany. It is the capital of the district Kelheim and is situated at the confluence of Altmühl and Danube. Kelheim has a population of around 15,750.
Andrzej Maksymilian Fredro (c.1620–1679) was a Polish szlachcic and writer.
Aylmer Bourke Lambert (2 February 1761 – 10 January 1842) was a British botanist, one of the first fellows of the Linnean Society.
Dalian Ocean University (, Dalian Fisheries University before 2010) is a university in Dalian, China. Founded in 1952, it is the sole university featuring fisheries science courses in northern China. 
North Sentinel Island is one of the Andaman Islands, an archipelago in the Bay of Bengal which also includes South Sentinel Island. It is home to the Sentinelese, a people who have rejected, often violently, any contact with the outside world. 
Harvard Summer School (founded 1871) is a summer school located at Harvard University. It serves more than 5,000 students per year.
Joseph Hormayr, Baron zu Hortenburg  (20 January 1781 or 1782 – 5 October 1848) was an Austrian and German statesman and historian.
Antony Garrard Newton Flew (; 11 February 1923 – 8 April 2010) was an English philosopher. Belonging to the analytic and evidentialist schools of thought, Flew was most notable for his work related to the philosophy of religion. During the course of his career he taught at the universities of Oxford, Aberdeen, Keele and Reading, and at York University in Toronto.
Zhlobin  is a city in the Zhlobin District of Gomel Region of Belarus, on the Dnieper river. As of 2017, the population is 76,078.
Thomas Cajetan (; 20 February 1469 – 9 August 1534), also known as Gaetanus, commonly Tommaso de Vio or Thomas de Vio, was an Italian philosopher, theologian, cardinal (from 1517 until his death) and the Master of the Order of Preachers 1508-18. He was a leading theologian of his day who is now best known as the spokesman for Catholic opposition to the teachings of Martin Luther and the Protestant Reformation while he was the Pope's Legate in Augsburg, and perhaps also among Catholics for his extensive commentary on the "Summa Theologica" of Thomas Aquinas.
Bluefields  is the capital of the South Caribbean Autonomous Region  in Nicaragua. It was also the capital of the former Zelaya Department, which was divided into North and South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Regions. It is located on Bluefields Bay at the mouth of the Escondido River in the municipality of the same name.
Richard O. Fleischer (; December 8, 1916 – March 25, 2006) was an American film director known for such movies as "The Narrow Margin" (1952), "Fantastic Voyage" (1966) and "Soylent Green" (1973).
Osaka Municipal Transportation Bureau  was the public department of transportation of the city of Osaka, Japan that existed from 1903 to 2018. It operated the municipal subway lines, the New Tram, and city buses.
Louis-Lucien Klotz (11 January 1868 – 15 June 1930) was a French journalist and politician. He was the French Minister of Finance during World War I.
The 1986 United States House of Representatives elections was held on November 4, 1986, in the middle of President Ronald Reagan's second term in office while he was still relatively popular with the American public. As in most midterm elections, the President's party—in this case, the Republican Party — lost seats, with the Democratic Party gaining a net of five seats and cementing its majority. 
The 1966 United States House of Representatives elections was an election for the United States House of Representatives in 1966 which occurred in the middle of President Lyndon B. Johnson's second term. As the Vietnam War continued to escalate and race riots exploded in cities across the country, Johnson's popularity had fallen, and the opposition Republican Party was able to gain a net of 47 seats from Johnson's Democratic Party, which nonetheless maintained a clear majority in the House. This was also the first election that occurred after the Voting Rights Act of 1965 became law.
Paul Noel McGinley (born 16 December 1966) is an Irish professional golfer who has won four events on the European Tour. At the 2002 Ryder Cup, he famously holed a ten-foot putt on the 18th hole in his match against Jim Furyk at The Belfry which won the Ryder Cup for Europe. 
The 1938 United States House of Representatives elections was an election for the United States House of Representatives in 1938 which occurred in the middle of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's second term. Roosevelt's Democratic Party lost a net of 72 seats to the Republican Party, who also picked up seats from minor Progressive and Farmer–Labor Parties.
Port Blair  is the capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a union territory of India situated in the Bay of Bengal. It is also the local administrative sub-division  of the islands, the headquarters for the district of South Andaman, and is the territory's only notified town. It houses the headquarters of the Andaman and Nicobar Police, Andaman and Nicobar Command, the first integrated tri-command of the armed forces of India and Indian Coast Guard.
The Moldavian Democratic Republic , also known as the Moldavian Republic, was a state proclaimed on by the "Sfatul Țării"  of Bessarabia, elected in October–November 1917 following the February Revolution and the start of the disintegration of the Russian Empire.
Rock Hill is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 4,635 at the 2010 census. It is home to the Fairfax House on the National Register of Historic Places.
Wellston is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States, along the northwest border of the city of St. Louis. The population was 2,313 at the 2010 census.
Kimberling City is a city in Stone County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,400 at the 2010 census.
Irondale is a city in Washington County, Missouri, United States. The population was 445 at the 2010 census.
Hardin is a city in and the county seat of Big Horn County, Montana, United States. The population was 3,505 at the 2010 census.
Columbia Falls  is a city in Flathead County, Montana, United States. The population was 4,710 at the 2010 census (though a 2016 estimate puts it at 5,241)
St. Ignatius  is a town in Lake County, Montana, United States. The population was 842 at the 2010 census. 
Livingston is the county seat of Park County, Montana, United States. It is located in southwestern Montana, on the Yellowstone River, north of Yellowstone National Park. The population of Livingston was 7,044 according to the 2010 census.
Culbertson is a town in Roosevelt County, Montana, United States. The population was 714 at the 2010 census.
Hysham is a town in and the county seat of Treasure County, Montana, United States. The population was 312 at the 2010 census.
Alliance is a city and the county seat of Box Butte County, in the western part of the state of Nebraska, in the Great Plains region of the United States. Its population was 8,491 at the 2010 census.
Plattsmouth is a city and county seat of Cass County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 6,502 at the 2010 census.
Sutton is a city in Clay County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,502 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Hastings, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Chappell is a city and county seat of Deuel County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 929 at the 2010 census.
Geneva is a city in, and the county seat of, Fillmore County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 2,217 at the 2010 census.
Aurora is a city in Hamilton County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 4,479 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Hamilton County.
Crofton is a city in Knox County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 726 at the 2010 census.
Nebraska City is a city in, and the county seat of, Otoe County, Nebraska, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 7,289.
Falls City is a city and county seat of Richardson County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 4,325 at the 2010 census, down from 4,671 in 2000.
Gering is a city and the county seat of Scotts Bluff County, on the west edge of Nebraska, United States. The population was 8,500 at the 2010 census.
Madison Heights is a city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is a suburb of Detroit. As of the 2010 census, its population was 29,694.
Coon Rapids is a northern suburb of Minneapolis, and is the largest city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 61,476 at the 2010 census, making it the thirteenth largest city in Minnesota and the seventh largest Twin Cities suburb.
Center City is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 628 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Chisago County.
New Hampton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 2,165 at the 2010 census. 
Keene is a city in and the seat of Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 23,409 at the 2010 census.
Troy is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 2,145 at the 2010 census. It is situated at the base of Mount Monadnock.
Meadowlands is a city in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 134 at the 2010 census.
Randolph is a heavily forested town in Coos County, New Hampshire, U.S., extending from the northern slopes of the White Mountains of the Presidential Range  to the Crescent Range and Berlin , with U.S. Route 2 cutting through the middle. The northern and southern parts of Randolph are within the White Mountain National Forest and the Ice Gulch Town Forest, while the central part is the settled portion of town. 
Jonestown is a town in Coahoma County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,298 as of the 2010 census, down from 1,701 at the 2000 census.
Indianola is a city in Sunflower County, Mississippi, United States, in the Mississippi Delta. The population was 12,066 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Sunflower County.
Waterville Valley is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 247 at the 2010 census.
Prairie Home is a town, with legal status as a city, in Cooper County, Missouri, United States. The population was 280 at the 2010 census.
New Franklin is a city in Howard County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,089 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Columbia, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
New Boston is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 5,321 at the 2010 census. 
Houston Lake is a city in Platte County, Missouri, United States. The population was 235 at the 2010 census.
Chesterfield is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States, and a western suburb of St. Louis. As of the 2010 census, the population was 47,484, making it the state's fourteenth-largest city. 
Crane  is a town in Stone County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,462 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Branson, Missouri Micropolitan Statistical Area.
East Kingston is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 2,357 at the 2010 census.
Plaistow  is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 7,609 at the 2010 census.
Somersworth is a city in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 11,766 at the 2010 census. Somersworth has the smallest area and third-lowest population of New Hampshire's 13 cities.
Springfield is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 1,311 at the 2010 census. Gile State Forest is located within the town.
Bergenfield is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 26,764, reflecting an increase of 517 (+2.0%) from the 26,247 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,789 (+7.3%) from the 24,458 counted in the 1990 Census.
Wallington is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 11,335, reflecting a decline of 248 (-2.1%) from the 11,583 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 755 (+7.0%) from the 10,828 counted in the 1990 Census.
Woodbury is a city in Gloucester County, New Jersey, in the United States. As of the 2010 United States Census the city's population was 10,174, reflecting a decline of 133 (-1.3%) from the 10,307 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 597 (-5.5%) from the 10,904 counted in the 1990 Census. Woodbury is the county seat of Gloucester County.
Fords is an unincorporated community and census-designated place  located within Woodbridge Township, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP's population was 15,187.
Haledon  is a borough in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 8,318, reflecting an increase of 66 (+0.8%) from the 8,252 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 1,301 (+18.7%) from the 6,951 counted in the 1990 Census.
Rahway is a city in southern Union County, New Jersey, United States. It is part of the New York metropolitan area, southwest of Manhattan and west of Staten Island. 
Artesia is a city in Eddy County, New Mexico, United States, centered at the intersection of U.S. Route 82 and U.S. Route 285; the two highways serve as the city's Main Street and First Street, respectively. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 17,801.
Logan is a village in Quay County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 1,094 at the 2000 census.
Red River is a resort town in Taos County, New Mexico, United States, located in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains. The population was 477 at the 2010 census. Red River is a prime spot for tourism on the Enchanted Circle Scenic Byway, and is 36 miles (57.9 kilometres) from Taos, New Mexico.
Westerlo is a town in Albany County, New York, United States. The population was 3,361 at the 2010 census.
Hume is a town in Allegany County, New York, United States. The population was 2,071 at the 2010 census. The town is on the northern border of Allegany County. 
Colesville is a town in Broome County, New York, United States. The population was 5,232 at the 2010 census.
Carrollton is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 1,297 at the 2010 census. The name comes from an early settler.
Mansfield is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 808 at the 2010 census. The name was thought to be that of a noble family in England.
Ellery is a town in Chautauqua County, New York, United States, located northwest of Jamestown and with an extended lakefront on the east side of Chautauqua Lake. In the 2010 census, Ellery had a population of 4,528.
Sheridan is a town in Chautauqua County, New York, United States. The population was 2,673 at the 2010 census. The town is on the county's northern border, east of Dunkirk.
Black Brook is a town in Clinton County, New York, United States. The population was 1,497 at the 2010 census. It is named after a stream that flows through the town.
Stockport is a town in Columbia County, New York, United States. The population was 2,815 at the 2010 census.
Meredith is a town in Delaware County, New York, United States. The population was 1,529 at the 2010 census. It is an interior town in the northern part of the county.
Union Vale is a town in Dutchess County, New York, United States. The population was 4,877 at the 2010 census.
Chesterfield is a town in Essex County, New York, United States. The population was 2,445 at the 2010 census. The name possibly is from a location in New England.
North Elba is a town in Essex County, New York, United States. The population was 8,957 at the 2010 census. The town is named after the island of Elba.
Brighton is a town in Franklin County, New York, United States. The population was 1,435 at the 2010 census. It was named after Brighton, England, by early surveyors in the region.
Ephratah is a town in Fulton County, New York, United States. The population was 1,682 at the 2010 census. It is named after Ephrath, a biblical town in what is now Israel.
New Baltimore is a town in the northeast part of Greene County, New York, United States. The population was 3,370 at the 2010 census.
German Flatts is a town in Herkimer County, New York, United States. The population was 13,258 at the 2010 census.
Henderson is a town in Jefferson County, New York, United States. The population was 1,360 at the 2010 census. 
Worth is a town in Jefferson County, New York, United States. The population was 231 at the 2010 census. The town is named after William Worth, a commander of troops during the Battle of Sackett's Harbor.
Ossian is a town in Livingston County, New York, United States. The population was 789 at the 2010 census. Ossian is a figure in Celtic mythology.
Lenox is a town in Madison County, New York, United States. The population was 9,112 as of the 2010 census.
Ogden is a town in Monroe County, New York, USA. The population was 19,856 at the 2010 census.
Palatine is a town in Montgomery County, New York, United States. The population was 3,240 at the 2010 census, the highest since the 1820s. 
Pendleton is a town on the southern edge of Niagara County, New York, United States. It is east of the city of Niagara Falls and southwest of the city of Lockport. The population was 6,397 at the 2010 census.
Deerfield is a town in Oneida County, New York, United States. The population was 4,273 at the 2010 census.
Verona  is a town in southwestern Oneida County, New York, United States. The population was 6,293 at the 2010 census. The town was named after Verona, Italy.
Van Buren is a town located in Onondaga County, New York, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town had a population of 13,185. The town is named after future President Martin van Buren, who was then governor of the state.
Crawford is a town in Orange County, New York, USA. The population was 9,316 at the 2010 census. 
Wawayanda is a town in Orange County, New York, in the United States. The population was 7,266 as recorded by the 2010 census. The town of Wawayanda is in the western part of the county, south of Middletown.
Amboy is a town in Oswego County, New York, United States. The population was 1,263 at the 2010 census. The town is named after a location in New Jersey.
Volney is a town in Oswego County, New York, United States. The population was 5,926 at the 2010 census. 
Otsego is a town in the north-central part of Otsego County, New York, United States. The population was 3,900 at the 2010 census. 
Hoosick is a town in Rensselaer County, New York, United States. The population was 6,924 at the 2010 census. It was named from the Hoosic River.
Halfmoon is a town in Saratoga County, New York, United States. The population was 21,535 at the 2010 census. 
Jefferson is a town in Schoharie County, New York, USA. The population was 1,285 at the 2000 census.
Junius is a town in Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 1,471 at the 2010 census.
Fine is a town in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States. The population was 1,512 at the 2010 census. 
Piercefield is a town in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States. The population was 310 at the 2010 census.
Erwin is a town in Steuben County, New York, United States. The population was 8,037 at the 2010 census. 
Prattsburgh is a town in Steuben County, New York, United States. The population was 2,064 at the 2000 census.
Woodhull is a town in Steuben County, New York, United States. The population was 1,524 at the 2000 census.
Neversink is a town in Sullivan County, New York, United States. The population was 3,557 at the 2010 census.
Hardenburgh is a town located in the western part of Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 215 at the 2010 census. The town is located inside the Catskill Park.
Queensbury is a town in Warren County, New York, United States. The population was 27,901 at the 2010 census.
Ontario is a town in the northwest corner of Wayne County, New York, United States. The population was 9,778 at the 2000 census, and 10,136 at the 2010 census. 
North Castle is a town in Westchester County, New York, United States. The population was 11,841 at the 2010 census. It has three hamlets: Armonk, Banksville, and North White Plains.
Eagle is a town in Wyoming County, New York. The population was 1,194 at the 2000 census.
Haw River is a town in Alamance County, North Carolina, United States. It is part of the Burlington, North Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census the population was 2,298.
Aurora is a town in Beaufort County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 520 at the 2010 Census.
Bolivia is a town in Brunswick County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 143 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Brunswick County.
Varnamtown is a town in Brunswick County, North Carolina, United States situated on the banks of the Lockwood Folly River. The population was 541 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Myrtle Beach metropolitan area.
Cedar Point is a town in Carteret County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,297 in 2010.
Goldston is a town in Chatham County, North Carolina, United States, south of Pittsboro. The population was 268 at the 2010 census.
New Bern is a city in Craven County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 29,524, which had risen to an estimated 30,242 as of 2013. It is the county seat of Craven County and the principal city of the New Bern Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Bethania is the oldest municipality in Forsyth County, North Carolina, United States, and was most recently incorporated in 1995, upon the reactivation of the original 1838/1839 town charter. In 2009, Bethania celebrated the 250th anniversary of its establishment in 1759. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 328.
Mount Holly is a small suburban city in northeastern Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. The city is situated just west of the Catawba River, north of Interstate 85, south of North Carolina State Highway 16, and west of Charlotte. The population was 13,656 at the 2010 census, up from 9,618 at the 2000 census.
Whitsett is a town in Guilford County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 590 at the 2010 census.
Hendersonville is a city in Henderson County, North Carolina, United States. It is south of Asheville and is the county seat of Henderson County. Like the county, the city is named for 19th-century North Carolina Supreme Court Chief Justice Leonard Henderson.
La Grange  is a town in Lenoir County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 2,873 based on the 2010 census. La Grange is located in North Carolina's Inner Banks region.
Biscoe is a town in Montgomery County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,700 at the 2010 census. The town is named after Henry Biscoe, an important customer of the local lumber business.
Gaston is a town in Northampton County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,152 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Franklinville is a town in Randolph County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,164 at the 2010 census.
Parkton is a town in Robeson County, North Carolina, in the Lumberton metro area, in the United States. The town was named because it was a place where farmers tied up their horses while waiting for the train. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 436.
Landis is a town in Rowan County, North Carolina, in the United States. At the 2000 census, its population was 2,996. The town is located just north of Kannapolis and south of China Grove.
Roseboro is a town in Sampson County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,191 at the 2010 census.
Marshville is a town in Union County, North Carolina, United States. Its population was 2,402 at the 2010 census. Marshville is known as the birthplace of country music singer Randy Travis.
Wilson is a city in and the county seat of Wilson County, North Carolina, United States. Located approximately east of the capital city of Raleigh, it is served by the interchange of Interstate 95 and U.S. Route 264. Wilson had an estimated population of 49,610 in 2012, according to the Census Bureau.
Litchville is a city in Barnes County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 172 at the 2010 census. Litchville was founded in 1900.
Souris is a city in Bottineau County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 58 at the 2010 census. Souris was founded in 1901.
Ayr is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 17 at the 2010 census. Ayr was founded in 1883.
Munich is a city in Cavalier County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 210 at the 2010 census.
Regent is a city in Hettinger County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 160 at the 2010 census.
Riverdale is a town in McLean County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 205 at the 2010 census.
Neche  is a city in Pembina County, North Dakota, United States. It sits on the banks of the Pembina River. The population was 371 at the 2010 census.
Forest River is a city in Walsh County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 125 at the 2010 census. Forest River was founded in 1887.
Ashtabula is a city in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States, and the center of the Ashtabula Micropolitan Statistical Area (as defined by the United States Census Bureau in 2003). It is located at the mouth of the Ashtabula River on Lake Erie, one of the Great Lakes, across from the province of Ontario, Canada and northeast of Cleveland. 
Carrollton is a village in Carroll County, Ohio, United States, located southeast of Canton. The population was 3,241 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Carroll County.
Beachwood is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States, and a suburb of Cleveland. As of the 2010 census the city's population was 11,953.
Highland Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. Originally part of Mayfield Township, Highland Heights is part of the Greater Cleveland area. As of the 2010 census the city's population was 8,345.
Parma Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States and a western suburb of Cleveland. Parma Heights is surrounded on the north, east and south by the larger city of Parma. The cities of Brook Park and Middleburg Heights form most of the western border.
Pitsburg is a village in Darke County, Ohio, United States. The population was 388 at the 2010 census.
Ken Kercheval (July 15, 1935 – April 21, 2019) was an American actor, best known for his role as Cliff Barnes on the television series "Dallas" and its 2012 revival.
Todd Andrew Woodbridge, OAM (born 2 April 1971) is a retired Australian professional tennis player and current sports broadcaster with the Nine Network.
Cleveland Keith "Cleve" Benedict (born March 21, 1935) is a retired Republican politician from West Virginia.
Lizzy Borden is an American heavy metal band formed in Los Angeles in 1983. To date, the band has charted on the "Billboard" 200 four times.
Prayssac  is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Belaya River  is a river in Bashkortostan, Russian Federation. Its source lies in the south-western Ural Mountains.
Morawa is a town in the Mid West region of Western Australia. It is located within the Shire of Morawa, approximately 370 kilometres (230 mi) north of the state capital Perth, on the railway line between Wongan Hills and Mullewa.
The Westinghouse Broadcasting Company, also known as Group W, was the broadcasting division of Westinghouse Electric Corporation. It owned several radio and television stations across the United States and distributed television shows for syndication.
Broederstroom is a small town situated on the Daspoortrand in the foothills of the Magaliesberg mountains in the North West Province of South Africa.
Dirk Kuyt (Dutch: Dirk Kuijt; ; born 22 July 1980) is a Dutch former professional footballer. Originally starting out as a striker, he played much of his career as a winger.
Amadou Jean Tigana (born 23 June 1955) is a former French international footballer, having played in midfield and managed professional football extensively throughout France, including 52 appearances and one goal for the France national football team during the 1980s. He most recently coached Chinese Super League outfit Shanghai Shenhua. 
Ponte Vedra Beach is an unincorporated seaside community in St. Johns County, Florida, United States. Located eighteen miles (29 km) southeast of downtown Jacksonville and north of St. Augustine, it is part of the Jacksonville Beaches area.
Gary Brooker, , (born 29 May 1945) is an English singer, songwriter, pianist and founder and lead singer of the rock band Procol Harum. He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours on 14 June 2003, in recognition of his charitable services.
Franckh-Kosmos Verlags-GmbH & Co. is a media publishing house based in Stuttgart, Germany, founded in 1822 by Johann Friedrich Franckh. In the nineteenth century the company published the fairy tales of Wilhelm Hauff as well as works by Wilhelm Waiblinger and Eduard Mörike. 
Issoudun  is a commune in the Indre department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It is also referred to as Issoundun, which is the ancient name.
Rough Draft Studios, Inc. is an American animation production studio based in Glendale, California, with a second studio in Glendale and its sister studio Rough Draft Korea located in Seoul, South Korea. The studio was founded in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California by Gregg Vanzo in 1991.
Karl Franz Gebhardt (23 November 1897 – 2 June 1948) was a German medical doctor and a war criminal during World War II. He served as Medical Superintendent of the Hohenlychen Sanatorium, Consulting Surgeon of the Waffen-SS, Chief Surgeon in the Staff of the Reich Physician SS and Police, and personal physician to Heinrich Himmler.
The Lake Champlain Transportation Company  provides car and passenger ferry service at three points on Lake Champlain in the United States. From 1976 to 2003, it was owned by Burlington, Vermont, businessman Raymond C. Pecor, Jr. who is Chairman of the company's board. 
Wilbert Huntington Harrison (January 5, 1929 – October 26, 1994) was an American rhythm and blues singer, pianist, guitarist and harmonica player.
Kurt Grelling (2 March 1886 – September 1942) was a German logician and philosopher, member of the Berlin Circle.
WUAB, virtual channel 43 (VHF digital channel 10), is a CW-affiliated television station serving Cleveland, Ohio, United States, that is licensed to Lorain. The station is owned by Gray Television, as part of a duopoly with Shaker Heights-licensed CBS affiliate WOIO (channel 19). 
Eugène Marie Henri Fouques Duparc (21 January 1848 – 12 February 1933) was a French composer of the late Romantic period.
High Atlas, also called the Grand Atlas Mountains  is a mountain range in central Morocco, North Africa.
Edenhope is a town in Victoria, Australia. It is located on the Wimmera Highway, 30 kilometres from the South Australian border, in the Shire of West Wimmera local government area. At the Edenhope had a population of 946.
Mirboo North is a town in Victoria, Australia, located east of Melbourne, with a population of 1,697. It is in the South Gippsland Shire local government area.
The Msunduzi River is a river in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It is also known by its anglicised name, the "Dusi River". 
Vodice  is a town in the Šibenik-Knin County, Croatia. It borders the Adriatic Sea and has a population of 8,875 (2011 census).
Carloforte  is a fishing and resort town of located on Isola di San Pietro , approximately off the southwestern coast of Sardinia, in the Province of South Sardinia, Italy.
New Directions Publishing Corp. is an independent book publishing company that was founded in 1936 by James Laughlin and incorporated in 1964. Its offices are located at 80 Eighth Avenue in New York City.
Curtis Granderson Jr. (born March 16, 1981) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball . He previously played for the Detroit Tigers, New York Yankees, New York Mets, Los Angeles Dodgers, Toronto Blue Jays, and Milwaukee Brewers.
Pentala Harikrishna (born 10 May 1986) is a chess Grandmaster from Guntur, Andhra Pradesh, India. He became the youngest grandmaster from India on 12 September 2001, a record now held by Gukesh D. He was Commonwealth Champion in 2001, World Junior Champion in 2004 and Asian Individual Champion in 2011.
Calp  is a coastal town located in the "comarca" of Marina Alta, in the province of Alicante, Valencian Community, Spain, by the Mediterranean Sea. It has an area of 23.5 km² and a population density of 920 persons/km². The town is located 67 km from the city of Alicante and lies at the foot of the Natural Park of Penyal d'Ifac.
Martin Haug (30 January 1827 – 3 June 1876) was a German orientalist.
Ewald Friedrich Graf von Hertzberg (2 September 1725 – 22 May 1795) was a Prussian statesman.
South African Express Airways SOC Ltd, known as South African Express or simply SA Express, is a state-owned airline based in South Africa that started operations on 24 April 1994. Although the airline is operationally independent of South African Airways, its flights are incorporated within the strategic alliance with South African Airways. The airline has its head office at Airways Park, Jones Road, next to O.R. Tambo International Airport in Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni, Gauteng. 
The Thomas Edison Center at Menlo Park, also known as the Menlo Park Museum / Edison Memorial Tower, is a memorial to inventor and businessman Thomas Alva Edison, located in the Menlo Park area of Edison, Middlesex County, New Jersey. The tower was dedicated on February 11, 1938, on what would have been the inventor's 91st birthday.
Dr. Alex Quaison-Sackey (9 August 1924 – 21 December 1992) was a Ghanaian diplomat who served during the first and third republics. He was the first black African to serve as president of the United Nations General Assembly.
Rhona Brankin (born 19 January 1950) is a former Labour Co-operative Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Midlothian constituency. She was first elected in 1999 and was re-elected in 2003 and 2007. 
Anthony Criss (born December 2, 1970), better known by his stage name Treach, is an American rapper and actor. He is perhaps best known as the lead rapper of the hip hop group Naughty by Nature.
Anoeta is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain.
Stephen C. "Steve" Miner (born June 18, 1951) is an American director of film and television, film producer, and a member of the Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences. He is notable for his work in the horror genre, including "Friday the 13th Part 2", "Friday the 13th Part III", "House", "Warlock", "" and "Lake Placid." He has also directed numerous comedy and drama films, as well as episodes of notable television series including "The Wonder Years, Dawson's Creek", and "Smallville."
Spanky and Our Gang was an American 1960s sunshine pop band led by Elaine "Spanky" McFarlane. The band derives its name from Hal Roach's "Our Gang" comedies of the 1930s , because of the similarity of her surname with that of George McFarland . 
Diebold Schilling the Elder (c. 1445–1485) was the author of several of the Swiss illustrated chronicles, the "Berner Schilling of 1483, the "Spiezer Schilling" (1480s), and the "Zürcher Schilling" of 1484. 
Don McKellar (born August 17, 1963) is a Canadian actor, writer, and filmmaker. He was part of a loosely-affiliated group of filmmakers to emerge from Toronto known as the Toronto New Wave.
The Persuasions are an a cappella group that began singing together in Brooklyn, New York in the mid-1960s.
The Ulster Political Research Group is an advisory body connected to the Ulster Defence Association , providing advice to them on political matters. The group was permanently founded in January 2002, and is largely a successor to the Ulster Democratic Party (which had been dissolved in 2001).
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama  is an automobile factory in Montgomery, Alabama. 
Robert Patrick Gunton Jr. (born November 15, 1945) is an American actor. Gunton is known for playing strict, authoritarian characters, including Warden Samuel Norton in the 1994 prison film "The Shawshank Redemption", Chief George Earle in 1993's "Demolition Man", Dr. Walcott, the domineering dean of Virginia Medical School in "Patch Adams", and President Juan Peron in the original Broadway production of "Evita", for which he received a Tony Award nomination. 
The Oakland Museum of California or OMCA  is an interdisciplinary museum dedicated to the art, history, and natural science of California, located adjacent to Oak Street, 10th Street, and 11th Street in Oakland, California. The museum contains more than 1.8 million objects dedicated to "telling the extraordinary story of California." 
Spineshank is an American nu metal band. The band has sold over 540,000 records. 
Didier Fernand Agathe (born 16 August 1975) is a French former professional footballer. He is most known for his playing time at Celtic FC
Steve Rubell (December 2, 1943 – July 25, 1989) was an American entrepreneur and co-owner of the New York disco Studio 54.
Britstown is a small farming town situated in the Northern Cape province of South Africa, in the Pixley ka Seme District Municipality, Emthanjeni Local Municipality. The town is named after Hans Brits who settled here after he accompanied David Livingstone on a venture into the interior.
Limanowa  is a small town (population 14,624 ) in southern Poland, in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship. It is the capital of Limanowa County.
Matthew Mansfield Neely (November 9, 1874January 18, 1958) was an American Democratic politician from West Virginia. He is the only West Virginian to serve in both houses of the United States Congress and as the Governor of West Virginia. 
Shelley Marie Hack (born July 6, 1947) is an American model, actress, producer, and political and media advisor. Hack is best remembered as the face of Revlon's "Charlie" perfume from the mid-1970s until the early 1980s, and for her role as Tiffany Welles in Season 4 (1979–1980) of the ABC television drama "Charlie's Angels", replacing the departing Kate Jackson. 
Bornheim is a town in the Rhein-Sieg district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is situated on the West bank of the Rhine, approx. 10 km north-west of Bonn, 20 km south of Cologne.
WCVE-FM ("WCVE News", 88.9 MHz) is a public radio station licensed to Richmond, Virginia, serving the Richmond/Petersburg area. WCVE-FM is owned and operated by Commonwealth Public Broadcasting Corporation. 
Magnus Carl Hedman (; born 19 March 1973 in Huddinge) is a Swedish former football goalkeeper. He played 58 matches for the Sweden national football team, and represented his country at two FIFA World Cup and two European Championship tournaments.
Fnac  is a large French retail chain selling cultural and electronic products, founded by André Essel and Max Théret in 1954. Its head office is in "Le Flavia" in Ivry-sur-Seine near Paris.
Thunder Bay Chill is a Canadian soccer team based in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada. Founded in 2000, the team plays in USL League Two, the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid.
John Thomas Alderdice, Baron Alderdice (born 28 March 1955) is a Northern Ireland politician. He was Speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly 1998–2004, leader of the Alliance Party of Northern Ireland 1987–1998, and since 1996 has sat in the House of Lords as a Liberal Democrat.
Sydney United 58 Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Edensor Park, Sydney, New South Wales Australia. The club was formed as Sydney Croatia in 1958, by Croatian Australians in the area, but it was renamed in 1993 as Sydney United after having the name Sydney CSC for a season.
Sankhkare Mentuhotep III  of the Eleventh dynasty was Pharaoh of Egypt during the Middle Kingdom. He was assigned a reign of 12 years in the Turin Canon.
Allan Alcorn (born January 1, 1948 in San Francisco) is an American pioneering engineer and computer scientist best known for creating "Pong", one of the first video games.
Friedrich Ernst Ludwig Fischer (20 February 1782, Halberstadt – 17 June 1854) was a Russian botanist, born in Germany. He was director of the St Petersburg botanical garden from 1823 to 1850.
George Kennedy Allen Bell (4 February 1883 – 3 October 1958) was an Anglican theologian, Dean of Canterbury, Bishop of Chichester, member of the House of Lords and a pioneer of the ecumenical movement.
MNG Airlines is a Turkish cargo airline headquartered in Istanbul with bases at Atatürk International Airport and Cologne Bonn Airport.
William Ross, Baron Ross of Marnock, (7 April 1911 – 10 June 1988) was the longest serving Secretary of State for Scotland, holding office from 1964 to 1970 and again from 1974 to 1976, throughout the premiership of Harold Wilson.
William "Sonny" Criss (23 October 1927 – 19 November 1977) was an American jazz musician.
Gildone is a hill town and "comune" in the province of Campobasso, in the Molise region . At its peak, the town consisted of 3,000 inhabitants, but the population now numbers about 900. 
Burlington International Airport is a joint-use civil-military airport in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States. It is owned by the City of Burlington, Vermont's most populous municipality. 
The Loddon River, an inland river of the northcentral catchment, part of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the lower Riverina bioregion and Central Highlands and Loddon Mallee regions of the Australian state of Victoria. The headwaters of the Loddon River rise on the northern slopes of the Great Dividing Range east of Daylesford and descend to flow north into the Little Murray River, near Swan Hill. The river is impounded by the Cairn Curran and Laanecoorie reservoirs.
The Environmental Working Group  is an American activist group that specializes in research and advocacy in the areas of agricultural subsidies, toxic chemicals, drinking water pollutants, and corporate accountability. EWG is a nonprofit organization (501(c)(3)).
David Belasco (July 25, 1853 – May 14, 1931) was an American theatrical producer, impresario, director and playwright. He was the first writer to adapt the short story "Madame Butterfly" for the stage, and he launched the theatrical career of many actors, including James O'Neill, Mary Pickford, Lenore Ulric and Barbara Stanwyck. 
Bradley Darryl Wong (born October 24, 1960) is an American actor, best known for his portrayal of Henry Wu in Jurassic Park. Wong won a Tony Award for his performance as Song Liling in "M. Butterfly", becoming the only actor in Broadway history to receive the Tony Award, Drama Desk Award, Outer Critics Circle Award, Clarence Derwent Award, and Theatre World Award for the same role. 
Ian McDonald (born 25 June 1946 from Osterley, Middlesex) is an English multi-instrumental musician, best known as a founding member of progressive rock band King Crimson, formed in 1969, and of the hard rock band Foreigner in 1976. He is well known as a rock session musician, predominantly as a saxophonist. He also plays keyboards, flute, vibraphone and guitar.
Joal-Fadiouth is a town and commune in the Thiès Region at the end of the Petite Côte of Senegal, south-east of Dakar.
The TAZARA Railway, also called the Uhuru Railway or the Tanzam Railway, is a railway in East Africa linking the port of Dar es Salaam in east Tanzania with the town of Kapiri Mposhi in Zambia's Central Province. The single-track railway is long and is operated by the Tanzania-Zambia Railway Authority .
Tignes  is a commune in the Tarentaise Valley, in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France, known for the highest skiable area in Europe. It is located in the Savoie region with good transport links in and out of Lyon, Geneva and Chambery.
University Radio York  is a campus radio covering the campus of the University of York. It was the first legal independent radio station in the United Kingdom.
The Ruzizi  is a river, long, that flows from Lake Kivu to Lake Tanganyika in Central Africa, descending from about to about above sea level over its length. The steepest gradients occur over the first , where hydroelectric dams have been built. 
Charlie Ward Jr. (born October 12, 1970) is an American retired professional basketball player, college football Heisman Trophy winner and Davey O'Brien Award winner and a Major League Baseball draftee. 
Cardinale  is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Cropani is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Futebol Clube de Ultramarina  is a football  club that plays in the São Nicolau Island League in Cape Verde. It is based in the city of Tarrafal in the island of São Nicolau. The team has only reached a few of the final games before and after independence.
Magisano is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region, southern Italy. As of 2013, Magisano had an estimated population of 1,268.
Platania is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the western part of the Calabria region of Italy.
Schleusingen is a city in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated 10 km north of Hildburghausen, and 12 km southeast of Suhl.
The Collectors Club, often referred to as the Collectors Club of New York, is a private club and philatelic society in New York City. Founded in 1896, it is one of the oldest existing philatelic societies in the United States. 
San Floro is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Settingiano is a town and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
Arzachena Costa Smeralda is an Italian association football club located in Arzachena, Sardinia. The club currently play in Serie C, the third tier of Italian football.
McDonald Mariga Wanyama (; born 4 April 1987) is a Kenyan footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for the Kenya national team.
Notodden Fotballklubb is a Norwegian football club located in Notodden. The team currently plays in 1. divisjon, the second tier of the Norwegian football league system.
Gerard Johannes Kleisterlee (born 28 September 1946) is a Dutch businessman and engineer. He is the chairman of Vodafone, and the former president and CEO of Philips.
Paul Gregory Bootkoski (born July 4, 1940) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who formerly served as the bishop of the Diocese of Metuchen, New Jersey from 2002 until March 8, 2016; he was replaced by Msgr. James Checchio, as Bishop of the Diocese of Metuchen.
Llanbedr Airport , formerly RAE Llanbedr , is an operational general aviation airport located in the Snowdonia National Park near the village of Llanbedr, Gwynedd, northwest Wales.
Bhanumati Annasaheb Rajopadhye, later Bhanu Athaiya (; born 28 April 1929), is an Indian costume designer, having worked in over 100 films, since the 1950s, with filmmakers such Guru Dutt, Yash Chopra, Raj Kapoor, Ashutosh Gowariker, and international directors such Conrad Rooks and Richard Attenborough.
AS Pirae is a football club from Pirae in Tahiti. They are one of the most successful teams in Tahiti having won the Tahiti Division Fédérale eight times. They are also the first French Polynesian team to have reached the final of the OFC Champions League, which they achieved in 2006.
Schwarzenbach an der Saale is a town in the district of Hof, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Saale, 11 km south of Hof. 
Virson is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France. The Atlantic Ocean is situated to the west.
Gesa Stadium  is a Minor League Baseball park in the northwest United States, located in Pasco, Washington. Opened in 1995, it is the home field of the Tri-City Dust Devils of the Class A-Short Season Northwest League .
The Stuttgart Technology University of Applied Sciences – Hochschule für Technik  is one of ten institutes for higher education in Stuttgart. It was founded in 1832 as a school for construction craftsmen  and was inaugurated as a University of Applied Sciences in 1971.
Staufenberg is a town in the district of Gießen, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated on the river Lahn, 10 km north of Gießen.
Strasburg ) is a town in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated in the historic Uckermark region, about west of Pasewalk, and east of Neubrandenburg.
Amr ibn al-Layth or Amr-i Laith Saffari  was the second ruler of the Saffarid dynasty of Iran from 879 to 901. He was the son of a whitesmith and the younger brother of the dynasty's founder, Ya'qub ibn al-Layth al-Saffar.
Todtnau is a town in the district of Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. As of 2009 its population was of 4,932.
Allendorf  is a municipality which situated in the north west of Hesse, Germany. The municipality is within the Waldeck-Frankenberg district in a rural region called the upper Eder Valley. 
Yuri Valeryevich Nikiforov (alternate spelling Valeriovych; , ; born 16 September 1970) is a football coach and a former player who played mainly as a central defender. He is an assistant coach of FC Dynamo Moscow.
Markus Frank Zusak (born 23 June 1975) is an Australian writer. He is best known for "The Book Thief" and "The Messenger" , two novels for young adults which became international bestsellers. 
Nadine Ernsting-Krienke (born 5 February 1974 in Telgte, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a field hockey striker from Germany, who won the gold medal with the women's national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. She is one of the most decorated field hockey players in Germany, having played in four consecutive Summer Olympic Games, starting in 1992. 
Vranjina  is a settlement, an island and a hill in Skadar Lake, in the Montenegrin municipality of Podgorica. Until the first half of the 18th century Vranjina, like other islands of Skadar lake, was one of the hills in the Zeta—Skadar lowlands.
Waibstadt is a town in the district of Rhein-Neckar-Kreis, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Elisabeth "Sissy" Schwarz (born 19 May 1936) is an Austrian former figure skater who is best known for her career in pair skating. With Kurt Oppelt, she is the 1956 Olympic champion, the 1956 World champion, the 1956 European champion, and a five-time Austrian national champion (1952–56).
Richard L. Breen (June 26, 1918 – February 1, 1967) was a Hollywood screenwriter and director.
BV Cloppenburg is a German association football club located in Cloppenburg, Lower Saxony.
The San Joaquin Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System, located in coastal Orange County, California.
The Alcantara  is a river in Sicily, southern Italy. It has its source on the south side of Monti Nebrodi and its mouth in the Ionian Sea at Capo Schiso in Giardini-Naxos. The river is long.
The Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company, commonly referred to as Penn Mutual, was founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1847. It was the seventh mutual life insurance company chartered in the United States.
Football Club Francavilla, also known as F.C. Francavilla or Francavilla, is an Italian association football club located in Francavilla in Sinni, Basilicata. 
The history of F.C. Turris 1944 A.S.D. has covered 68 years of the football from the club based in Torre del Greco, Campania. It was a professional Italian football club, founded in 1944 as F.C. Turris 1944 and refounded in 2004. In summer 2012 its sports title of Serie D was transferred to Real Hyria Nola, club of the city of Nola.
Wolframs-Eschenbach is a town in the district of Ansbach, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 14 km southeast of Ansbach, and 36 km southwest of Nuremberg.
Dhepa river The " Dhepa" is a small river in northern Bangladesh. The river originates from the Atrai river in Mohanpur and falls into the Punarbhaba. The length of this river is , and the depth of this river is .
Landresse is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Shah Abbas II  (30 August 1632 – 26 October 1666), was the seventh Safavid king  of Iran, ruling from 1642 to 1666. Born Soltan Mohammad Mirza, he was the eldest son of Safi I with his Circassian wife, Anna Khanum.
Anne-Charlotte de Turckheim (born 5 April 1955) is a French actress, screenwriter, comedienne and film producer. Born in Montereau-Fault-Yonne, Seine-et-Marne, France, the daughter of Françoise Husson and Arnaud de Turckheim, a member of a noble Protestant family from Alsace, Charlotte de Turckheim studied theater after completing her baccalauréat degree. 
Panauti  is a municipality in Kavrepalanchok District in Province No. 3 of Nepal located 32 km Southeast of the capital Kathmandu. The town is currently listed as a UNESCO tentative site since 1996.
Breaking Pangaea was an emo pop band from Philadelphia, PA. The band gained a small but passionate following from early 2000 to 2003, especially among college students. 
Ocala International Airport is five miles west of Ocala, in Marion County, Florida. It is also known as Ocala International Airport-Jim Taylor Field and was previously Ocala Regional Airport or Jim Taylor Field.
Augustine "Austin" Amamchukwu Ejide (born 8 April 1984) is a Nigerian football goalkeeper who plays for Israeli club Hapoel Hadera. His name, Amamchukwu, means ""I know God"".
Mosalsk  is a town and the administrative center of Mosalsky District in Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located west of Kaluga, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
KBPK (90.1 MHz) is a non-commercial FM radio station licensed to Buena Park, California. The station is owned by the Buena Park School District and operated by the Fullerton College Media Studies Department, the campus on which the KBPK studios are located. 
Melksham Town Football Club is a football club based in Melksham, Wiltshire, England. Affiliated to the Wiltshire Football Association, they are currently members of the and play at the Oakfield Stadium.
KUAT-TV, virtual channel 6 (UHF digital channel 30), is a Public Broadcasting Service  member television station licensed to Tucson, Arizona, United States. Owned by the Arizona Board of Regents and operated by the University of Arizona, it broadcasts from the facilities of Arizona Public Media, located on campus in the Modern Languages Building. KUAT's transmitter is located atop Mount Bigelow. 
State Research Center - Institute for High Energy Physics  is a research organisation in Protvino , Russia. It was established in 1963.
Benahadux  is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.
The Whigs are an American garage rock band from Athens, Georgia, consisting of lead singer and guitarist Parker Gispert, drummer Julian Dorio and bassist Timothy Deaux.
Stamboliyski  is a town in southern Bulgaria, located on the right bank of Maritsa river and is a part of Plovdiv Province. It was founded in 1873–75, when the Istanbul-Belovo railway was built. 
Yalutorovsk  is a town in Tyumen Oblast, Russia, located on the Tobol River southeast of Tyumen. Population: 
Lyaskovets  is a town in central northern Bulgaria, located in homonymous municipality of Veliko Tarnovo Province, 10 km northeast of Veliko Tarnovo, 2 km southeast of Gorna Oryahovitsa and 5 km south of the Yantra River, north of the Balkan Mountains. Its name comes from the word "leska"  or "leshnik" , because the tree was abundant in the area. 
Dead Horse Bay is a small water body off Barren Island, between the Gerritsen Inlet and Rockaway Inlet in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.
Tabernas is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain, as well as the name of the principal town of the municipality. It is located on the edge of the famous Tabernas Desert, the filming location of many feature films and TV series. 
Zurgena is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.
O Incio is a municipality in the province of Lugo in Galicia in north-west Spain.
Ngassam Nana Falemi (born May 5, 1974) is a Cameroonian-Romanian footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. Born in Romania, he played for the Cameroon national football team, including appearing at the 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup.
Ehra-Lessien is a municipality in the district of Gifhorn, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The Municipality Ehra-Lessien includes the villages of Ehra and Lessien.
George Friederich Sherrill (born April 19, 1977) is a former professional baseball relief pitcher. Sherrill pitched in Major League Baseball  for the Seattle Mariners, Baltimore Orioles, Los Angeles Dodgers, and Atlanta Braves from 2004 through 2012. He was an MLB All-Star in 2008.
Premier Rides is an amusement ride manufacturer based in the United States. The company was the first to use Linear Induction Motors  on their roller coasters. 
Kim Dae-Eui (; born 30 May 1974) is a South Korean football player who plays for Home United FC as a winger and attacker.
Igor Anatolyevich Lediakhov (; born 22 May 1968) is a Russian football coach and a former player who played as an attacking midfielder.
Mewstone is an unpopulated island, composed of muscovite granite, located close to the south coast of Tasmania, Australia. The island has steep cliffs and a small flat summit and is part of the Pedra Branca group, lying southeast of Maatsuyker Island, and off the south coast of Tasmania. Mewstone comprises part of the Southwest National Park and the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site.
WPTT (1540 AM, "Party 92.9") is a radio station located in Hartford, Wisconsin, and serving the Milwaukee metropolitan area. WPTT is owned by Tomsun Media LLC, which is operated by David and Connie Stout.
Dominique Rocheteau (; born 14 January 1955) is a French former international football winger. He played in the final tournament of three World Cups, scoring at least a goal in each of them, and was part of the team that won the European Championship in 1984. 
The Indiana State Museum is a museum located within White River State Park in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States. The museum houses exhibits on the science, art, culture, and history of Indiana from prehistoric times up to the present day. 
Unecha  is a town and the administrative center of Unechsky District in Bryansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Unecha River  southwest of Bryansk, the administrative center of the oblast.
Penn Dayton Badgley (born November 1, 1986) is an American actor and musician. He is best known for his role as Dan Humphrey on The CW's series "Gossip Girl" (2007–12) and as Joe Goldberg in the Netflix thriller series "You" (2018–present).
Mirecourt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France. Mirecourt is known for lace-making and the manufacture of musical instruments, particularly those of the Violin family. 
Malaryta  is a city in the southwest corner of Brest Region, Belarus and the administrative centre of Malaryta District. 
The Clinton Foundation (founded in 1997 as the William J. Clinton Foundation and from 2013 to 2015 briefly renamed the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation) is a non-profit organization under section 501(3) of the U.S. tax code. It was established by former President of the United States Bill Clinton with the stated mission to "strengthen the capacity of people in the United States and throughout the world to meet the challenges of global interdependence." Its offices are located in New York City and Little Rock, Arkansas.
The River Alport flows for 9 km in the Dark Peak of the Peak District in Derbyshire, England. Its source is on Bleaklow, from which it flows south through the Grains in the Water swamp, then over gritstone to Alport Bridge on the A57 Snake Pass route from Sheffield to Manchester, where it joins the River Ashop, which flows into the Ladybower Reservoir about down the valley.
Carlos Antônio Dobbert de Carvalho Leite (June 25, 1912 – July 19, 2004), best known as Carvalho Leite was a Brazilian Association footballer who played as a striker. 
The San Juan River is, together with the Jáchal, the most important river of the Argentine province of San Juan. Both join the Desaguadero/Colorado system that ends at the Atlantic Ocean.
Bellizzi is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Casaletto Spartano is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy. 
Centola  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Cuccaro Vetere  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Laurino is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southwestern Italy. 
Montecorvino Pugliano is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-west Italy. The communal seat is in Pugliano; no settlement in the municipality is called "Montecorvino", a toponym related to the nearby commune of Montecorvino Rovella.
Omignano is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Polla is a town and "comune" of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-west Italy. In 2011 its population was 5,327.
Rofrano  is a town and "comune" of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-west Italy. It is located in the southern Cilento. In 2015 its population was 1,539.
San Giovanni a Piro  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southern Italy. 
Sicignano degli Alburni  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southern Italy. 
Torre Orsaia  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy. 
Kyobo Life Insurance Co., Ltd.  is a South Korean life insurance company headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, formerly known as Daehan Education Insurance . Kyobo Life is one of the big 3 life insurance companies in South Korea.
Yavapai College is a community college located in Yavapai County, Arizona. The main campus is in Prescott, with locations in Clarkdale, Prescott Valley, Chino Valley, and Sedona.
Dualstar Entertainment Group, LLC is a privately held American limited liability company owned by Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen, which produced movies, TV shows, magazines, video games, and other popular media. Dualstar was based in Los Angeles, California.
WPUR (107.3 FM) is a country music formatted radio station in Atlantic City, New Jersey. WPUR is more commonly known as "Cat Country 107.3". Its transmitter is located in Atlantic City, while studios are in Northfield, New Jersey.
The Indiana Hoosiers football program represents Indiana University Bloomington in NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision college football and in the Big Ten Conference. The Hoosiers have played their home games at Memorial Stadium since 1960.
Controguerra  is a town and "comune" in Teramo province in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.
Columbia Artists Management, Inc.  is an international talent management agency.
The Army of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnian: "Vojska Federacije Bosne i Hercegovine/Војска Федерације Босне и Херцеговине",
Malnate is a town and "comune" located in the province of Varese, in the Lombardy region of northern Italy. It lies in a mountainous region approximately north of Milan, in the foothills of the Alps near the border between Italy and Switzerland.
Blasphemy are a Canadian black metal band based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Lonate Pozzolo is a town and "comune" located in the province of Varese, in the Lombardy region of northern Italy. It is served by Ferno-Lonate Pozzolo railway station.
High Standard Firearms was an American manufacturer of firearms, based in Houston, Texas. The company was founded in Hamden, Connecticut in 1926 as a supplier to the numerous firearms companies in the Connecticut Valley. 
The Catholic Democrats is an unregistered minor conservative political party in Ireland with no elected representation. It was initially known as the National Party and later as the Christian Democrats.
Challand-Saint-Anselme ; is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of northwestern Italy.
Fontainemore (Valdôtain: ; Issime ; from 1939 to 1946) is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.
Sarre  is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.
Morgex  is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy. High quality white wine is produced here.
Lohoré Steve Ulrich Gohouri (8 February 1981 – December 2015), known as Steve Gohouri, was an Ivorian professional footballer who played as a defender.
WFRG-FM (104.3 FM), branded as Big Frog 104, is a country music radio station licensed to Utica, New York. Owned by Townsquare Media as part of a cluster with news-talk station WIBX, hot AC-formatted WLZW, classic hits-formatted WODZ and classic rock-formatted WOUR, it bills itself as "Central New York’s Number One For New Country".
KMUV-LD, UHF digital channel 21 (virtual channel 23), is a low-power television station licensed to Monterey, California, United States and serving the Monterey Bay area. It is a translator of CBS/CW+/Telemundo affiliate KION-TV (channel 46, also licensed to Monterey) which is owned by News-Press & Gazette Company. KMUV's transmitter is located on Fremont Peak; its parent station maintains studios on Moffett Street in Salinas behind the city's airport.
Benny Feilhaber (; born January 19, 1985) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Sporting Kansas City.
Stephen Kenny (born 30 October 1971) is a football manager and former player who is currently manager of the Republic of Ireland U21. He had formerly managed Longford Town, Bohemians, Derry City, Dunfermline Athletic, Shamrock Rovers and Dundalk F.C.. He is one of Ireland's most successful ever managers having won 14 trophies by his 44th birthday, and boasts extensive experience in European competition as well as aiding in the development of several of the Republic of Ireland Euro 2016 squad.
North Eastern MetroStars Soccer Club, commonly known as MetroStars, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Adelaide, South Australia. Founded in 1994, the club currently competes in the National Premier Leagues South Australia, with matches played at the T.K. Shutter Reserve in the north-eastern suburb of Klemzig. 
James Robert Holland (born 15 May 1989) is an Australian football player who plays as a midfielder for LASK Linz in the Austrian Football Bundesliga.
Clive Berghofer Stadium  is a stadium in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia. Situated on Mary Street on the eastern fringes of Toowoomba CBD adjacent to Queens Park and Toowoomba East State School. 
Mavor Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. Located in Hudson Bay, it is a member of the Belcher Islands group. Fairweather Sound lies to its northwest.
Segget River  is a river in Johor, Malaysia. The length of the river is about 4,280 meters. 
PAF Base Rafiqui, formerly known as PAF Base Shorkot , is a Pakistan Air Force  airbase located near Shorkot, Jhang District, in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is around 337 km south of Islamabad. 
Sochos  is a community and a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Lagkadas, of which it is a municipal unit. 
Raffaella Reggi (; born 27 November 1965) is a former professional tennis player from Italy.
Prairie Dog Town Fork Red River is a sandy-braided stream about long, formed at the confluence of Palo Duro Creek and Tierra Blanca Creek, about northeast of Canyon in Randall County, Texas, and flowing east-southeastward to the Red River about east of the 100th meridian, south-southwest of Hollis, Oklahoma.
Georgy Yakovlevich Sedov  was a Russian Arctic explorer.
In the general election held on 27 December 2002, the party was a partner in the National Rainbow Coalition, which won 56.1% of the popular vote and 125 out of 212 elected seats. The party itself took 59 of these seats. 
Alexander Nikolaevich Yakovlev (; 2 December 1923 – 18 October 2005) was a Soviet politician and historian. During the 1980s he was a member of the Politburo and Secretariat of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. He was called the "godfather of glasnost" as he is considered to be the intellectual force behind Mikhail Gorbachev's reform program of glasnost and perestroika.
The Singapore Management University is the third autonomous university in Singapore. The university provides broad-based business programmes modelled after the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Football Club Copenhagen , commonly known as FC København, FC Copenhagen, Copenhagen or simply FCK, is a professional Danish football club in Copenhagen, Denmark. FCK was founded in 1992 through the merger of Kjøbenhavns Boldklub and Boldklubben 1903.
Grand View University is a private liberal arts university in Des Moines, Iowa. Founded in 1896 and affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, the university enrolls approximately 2,000 students and is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission.
The Constitutional Union  is a liberal conservative political party in Morocco, aligned with the ruling monarchy.
John William Griggs (July 10, 1849 – November 28, 1927) was an American Republican Party politician, who served as the 29th Governor of New Jersey, from 1896 to 1898, stepping down to assume the position as the United States Attorney General from 1898 to 1901.
John Milton (April 20, 1807 – April 1, 1865) was an American lawyer and politician, who was the fifth Governor of Florida. 
Thomas "Tom" Danielson (born March 13, 1978) is an American former professional road racing cyclist who most recently rode for UCI ProTeam , until a positive test for synthetic testosterone in August 2015 and Cannondale's decision not to renew his contract. He previously competed professionally for (2005–2007), (2004), Saturn (2003) and Mercury (2002).
Protvino  is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located about south of Moscow and west of Serpukhov, on the left bank of the Protva River. Population: 
The Singapore Democratic Party  is a social liberal political party in Singapore.
Drive Like Jehu was an American post-hardcore band from San Diego active from 1990 to 1995. Formed by rhythm guitarist and vocalist Rick Froberg and lead guitarist John Reis, ex-members of Pitchfork, along with bassist Mike Kennedy and drummer Mark Trombino, both from Night Soil Man, after their two bands disbanded in 1990. 
The Aravalli Range  is a range of mountains running approximately 692 km (430 mi) in a southwest direction, starting in North India from Delhi and passing through southern Haryana, through to Western India across the states of Rajasthan and ending in Gujarat.
Goli Otok  is a barren, uninhabited island that was the site of a political prison which was in use when Croatia was part of Yugoslavia. The prison was in operation between 1949 and 1989. 
Royal Air Force Barkston Heath or RAF Barkston Heath is a Royal Air Force station near Grantham, Lincolnshire, England.
The Golden Palominos are an American musical group headed by drummer and composer Anton Fier, first formed in 1981. Aside from Fier, the Palominos membership has been wildly elastic, with only bassist Bill Laswell and guitarist Nicky Skopelitis appearing on every album through 1996. Their latest work, 2012's "A Good Country Mile" features vocalist Kevn Kinney.
Aviva plc is a British multinational insurance company headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It has about 33 million customers across 16 countries. 
Camilo Torres Restrepo (3 February 1929 in Bogotá, Colombia – 15 February 1966 in Santander) was a Colombian socialist, Roman Catholic priest, a predecessor of liberation theology and a member of the National Liberation Army  guerrilla organisation. During his life, he tried to reconcile revolutionary Marxism and Catholicism.
Flint Island is an uninhabited coral island in the central Pacific Ocean, part of the Southern Line Islands under the jurisdiction of Kiribati. In 2014 the Kiribati government established a exclusion zone around each of the southern Line Islands , Flint, Vostok, Malden, and Starbuck).
George Robert Waterhouse (6 March 1810 – 21 January 1888) was an English naturalist. He was a keeper at the department of geology and later curator of the Zoological Society of London's museum.
The Thumb is a region and a peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan, so named because the Lower Peninsula is shaped like a mitten. The Thumb area is generally considered to be in the Central Michigan region, located east of the Tri-Cities, and north of Metro Detroit. 
The Royal Castle in Warsaw  is a castle residency that formerly served throughout the centuries as the official residence of the Polish monarchs. It is located in the Castle Square, at the entrance to the Warsaw Old Town. 
Hans-Christian Schmid (born 1965) is a German film director and screenwriter.
Luis Trenker (born Alois Franz Trenker, 4 October 1892 – 13 April 1990) was a South Tyrolean film producer, director, writer, actor, architect, alpinist, and bobsledder.
Shewa , formerly romanized as Shua , is a historical region of Ethiopia, formerly an autonomous kingdom within the Ethiopian Empire. The modern Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa is located at its center.
Giacomo Filippo Maraldi (August 21, 1665 – December 1, 1729) was a French-Italian astronomer and mathematician. His name is also given as Jacques Philippe Maraldi.
The Lahore University of Management Sciences  is a private, independent research university located in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.
Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego  also formerly "Isla de Xátiva" is an island near the southern tip of South America from which it is separated by the Strait of Magellan. The western portion (61.4%) of the island  is in Chile , while the eastern portion (38.6%, ) is in Argentina . 
Reinhold Ewald (born December 18, 1956) is a German physicist and ESA astronaut.
Western Thrace or West Thrace  is a geographic and historical region of Greece, between the Nestos and Evros rivers in the northeast of the country; East Thrace, which lies east of the river Evros, forms the European part of Turkey, and the area to the north, in Bulgaria, is known as Northern Thrace.
The Montreal Machine was the sole Canadian team in the World League of American Football , a springtime developmental professional league set up by the National Football League  that played in 1991 and 1992. There were also three European teams and six United States-based teams. 
The University of Puerto Rico in Cayey  is a state university located in the municipality of Cayey, Puerto Rico.
Haydée Tamara Bunke Bider (November 19, 1937 – August 31, 1967), better known as Tania or Tania the Guerrilla, was an Argentine-born East German communist revolutionary and spy who played a prominent role in the Cuban government after the Cuban Revolution and in various Latin American revolutionary movements. She was the only woman to fight alongside Marxist guerrillas under Che Guevara during the Bolivian Insurgency (1966–1967) where she was killed in an ambush by CIA-assisted Bolivian Army Rangers.
The Great Plains Art Museum is a fine arts museum located in Lincoln, Nebraska that is dedicated to the arts of the Great Plains in the United States.
Autopsy is a death metal band, founded in 1987 in the United States by Chris Reifert and Eric Cutler. They disbanded in 1995, but reunited in 2009.
Barwon River, a perennial river that is part of the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the north-west slopes and Orana regions of New South Wales, Australia.
Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Herbst (1 November 1743 – 5 November 1807) was a German naturalist and entomologist from Petershagen, Minden-Ravensberg. He served as a chaplain in the Prussian army. 
Abraham van Riebeeck (; 18 October 1653 – 17 November 1713) was a merchant with the Dutch East India Company and the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1709 to 1713.
Teresa Edwards (born July 19, 1964) is an American former women's basketball player and four time Olympic gold medalist. 
The Phu Phan mountains  are a range of hills dividing the Khorat Plateau of the Isan region of Thailand into two basins: the northern Sakhon Nakhon Basin, and the southern Khorat Basin.
The Kingdom of Hungary was a monarchy in Central Europe that existed from the Middle Ages into the 20th century (1000–1946 with the exception of 1918–1920). The Principality of Hungary emerged as a Christian kingdom upon the coronation of the first king Stephen I at Esztergom around the year 1000; his family  led the monarchy for 300 years. 
King William Island  is an island in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, which is part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. In area it is between and making it the 61st-largest island in the world and Canada's 15th-largest island. Its population, as of the 2011 census, was 1,279, all of whom live in the island's only community, Gjoa Haven.
Elgin City Football Club  are a Professional senior football club based in Elgin, Moray. They currently compete in the Scottish Professional Football League in Scottish League Two.
Keith Football Club are a senior football club who currently play in the Highland League in Scotland. They were founded in 1910 and play at Kynoch Park in Keith, Moray. Although the town of Keith is relatively small, the club have produced a few notable players such as Hamish French and former Scotland captain, Colin Hendry.
Changan Ford Mazda  was an automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Chongqing, China and a joint venture between Changan Automobile, Ford Motor Company and Mazda. Its principal activity was the manufacture and sale of Ford and Mazda branded passenger cars in China.
The Bay of All Saints , also known as All Saints' Bay and Todos os Santos Bay, is the principal bay of the Brazilian state of Bahia, to which it gave its name. Todos os Santos Bay sits on the eastern coast of Brazil, surrounding part of Bahia's capital Salvador and opening to the Atlantic Ocean. 
WSB (750 AM), branded as "News 95.5 and AM750", is a commercial radio station licensed to Atlanta, Georgia, broadcasting a news/talk format. It also uses the slogan "Atlanta's news, weather, traffic, and Georgia Bulldogs station." 
Bathurst Island  is one of the Tiwi Islands in the Northern Territory off the northern coast of Australia along with Melville Island.
The County of Savoy  was a State of the Holy Roman Empire which emerged, along with the free communes of Switzerland, from the collapse of the Burgundian Kingdom in the 11th century. It was the cradle of the future Savoyard state.
Wu Ding  was a king of the Shang dynasty in ancient China, whose reign lasted from approximately 1250–1192 BC. According to the traditional chronology, his reign was 1324–1266 BC.
Jan Jacobus Wouters (born 17 July 1960 in Utrecht, Netherlands) is a former professional football midfielder. He used to play defensive midfielder and was Dutch Footballer of the Year in 1990.
Fox Kids  was an American children's programming block and branding for a slate of international children's television channels. Originally a joint venture between the Fox Broadcasting Company  and its affiliated stations, it was later owned by Fox Kids Worldwide.
Kemijoki , with its length, is the longest river in Finland. It runs through Kemijärvi and Rovaniemi before reaching the Gulf of Bothnia at Kemi.
Roanne  is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Vladislav Aleksandrovich Tretiak, MSM (; born 25 April 1952) is a Russian former goaltender for the Soviet Union national ice hockey team. Considered to be one of the greatest goaltenders in the history of the sport, he was voted one of six players to the International Ice Hockey Federation's  Centennial All-Star Team in a poll conducted by a group of 56 experts from 16 countries. He is the current president of the Ice Hockey Federation of Russia and was the general manager of the Russian 2010 Winter Olympic team.
Franklin Knight Lane (July 15, 1864 – May 18, 1921) was a political progressive and American Democratic politician from California who served as United States Secretary of the Interior from 1913 to 1920. He also served as a commissioner of the Interstate Commerce Commission, and was the Democratic nominee for Governor of California in 1902, losing a narrow race in what was then a heavily Republican state.
The name United Rhodesia Party and the acronym, URP, refer to two political parties in Southern Rhodesia. 
Yelena Gadzhievna Isinbayeva (; born 3 June 1982) is a Russian former pole vaulter. She is a two-time Olympic gold medalist (2004 and 2008), a three-time World Champion (2005, 2007 and 2013), the current world record holder in the event, and is widely considered the greatest female pole-vaulter of all time. 
The De Long Islands  are an uninhabited archipelago often included as part of the New Siberian Islands, lying north east of Novaya Sibir.
Carl Heinrich Carsten Reinecke (23 June 182410 March 1910) was a German composer, conductor, and pianist in the Middle Romantic Era.
Conrad I of Brno  (died 6 September 1092) was the duke of Bohemia for eight months in 1092. He was the brother and successor of Vratislaus II (died 14 January 1092) as the third son of Bretislaus I and Judith of Schweinfurt. 
The Red River, long, is a major stream of north-central Tennessee, United States and south-central Kentucky and a major tributary of the Cumberland River.
Ivy is an American indie pop band composed of Andy Chase, Adam Schlesinger, and Dominique Durand.
Manuel Amador Guerrero (30 June 1833 – 2 May 1909), was the first president of Panama from 20 February 1904 to 1 October 1908. He was a member of the Conservative Party.
The New Politics Initiative  was a faction of Canada's New Democratic Party. It was generally viewed to be further left than Alexa McDonough's leadership, but not as far left as the Socialist Caucus.
Shepperton is a suburban village in the borough of Spelthorne, in the county of Surrey in England, southwest of Charing Cross, London, bounded by the Thames to the south and much of the east and which is in the northwest bisected by the M3 motorway. Shepperton is equidistant between the towns of Chertsey and Sunbury-on-Thames. 
Panayotis Alexander "Alexi" Lalas (born June 1, 1970) is an American retired soccer player who played mostly as a defender. Lalas is best known for his participation with the United States men's national soccer team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup, where he was a standout player on the team with his distinctive long beard and hair. After the World Cup, Lalas went on to become the first American in Italy's Serie A as a member of Calcio Padova.
Haymana is a town and district of Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey, 72 km south of the capital, Ankara. According to the 2010 census, the population of the district is 33,886, of whom 9,091 live in the town of Haymana.
Jan  Ingenhousz or Ingen-Housz FRS (8 December 1730 – 7 September 1799) was a Dutch physiologist, biologist and chemist.
Clock DVA are an industrial, post-punk and EBM group from Sheffield, England. The group was formed in 1978 by Adolphus "Adi" Newton and Steven "Judd" Turner. 
Stig Halvard Dagerman (5 October 1923 – 4 November 1954) was a Swedish journalist and writer. He was one of the most prominent Swedish authors writing in the aftermath of WWII, but his existential texts transcend time and place and continue to be widely published in Sweden and abroad.
Agaete is a municipality of Las Palmas province, on the Canary Islands, Spain.
Temuera Derek Morrison (born 26 December 1960) is a New Zealand actor who first gained recognition for his role as Dr. Hone Ropata on the New Zealand soap opera "Shortland Street". He gained critical acclaim after starring as Jake "The Muss" Heke in the 1994 film "Once Were Warriors" and its 1999 sequel "What Becomes of the Broken Hearted?." 
Flying Buffalo Incorporated  is a Scottsdale, Arizona game company that publishes role playing games, card games, gaming materials, and runs Play-by-mail games.
Francis Charles Joseph Bello (born July 9, 1965) is an Italian American musician who plays bass guitar for the thrash metal band Anthrax.
Walafrid, alternatively spelt Walahfrid, surnamed Strabo  (c. 808 – 18 August 849), was an Alemannic Benedictine monk and theological writer who lived on Reichenau Island in southern Germany.
Amy Lyn Acuff (born July 14, 1975) is a track and field athlete from the United States. A high jump specialist, she competed in the 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games as a member of USA Track and Field. 
Francis Patrick "Frank" Fahy (23 May 1879 – 12 July 1953) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served as Ceann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann from 1932 to 1951. He served as a Teachta Dála  from 1919 to 1954.
Viplavakari Lanka Sama Samaja Party  was a political group in what is now called Sri Lanka, that broke away from the Trotskyist Lanka Sama Samaja Party, since Philip Gunawardena  refused to reconcile with the Bolshevik Samasamaja Party. When the BSP and LSSP fused in 1950, Gunawardena split to form VLSSP.
Tammin Sursok is a South African-born Australian actress and singer. She is known for her roles on television as Dani Sutherland on "Home and Away", Colleen Carlton on "The Young and the Restless", and Jenna Marshall on "Pretty Little Liars".
Mark Levinson is an American high-end audio equipment brand established in 1972 by eponymous founder Mark Levinson, and based in Stamford, Connecticut. It is owned by Harman International Industries, a subsidiary of South Korean company Samsung Electronics.
Sid Vicious (born John Simon Ritchie, 10 May 1957 – 2 February 1979) was an English bassist and vocalist. He achieved fame as a member of the punk rock band the Sex Pistols, replacing Glen Matlock, who had fallen out of favour with the rest of the group.
Rachel Hannah Weisz ( ; born 7 March 1970) is an English-American actress. She is the recipient of an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Critics' Choice Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award.
William Henry Cosby Jr. (; born July 12, 1937) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, musician, and author. He held an active career for over six decades before being convicted and imprisoned for sex offenses in 2018.
Karpacz  is a spa town and ski resort in Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland, and one of the most important centres for mountain hiking and skiing, including ski jumping. Its population is about 5,000 (2014). 
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada. The band is composed of guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger, guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair. 
Anne Fausto-Sterling (born July 30, 1944) is the Nancy Duke Lewis Professor of Biology and Gender Studies at Brown University. She participates actively in the field of sexology and has written extensively on the fields of biology of gender, sexual identity, gender identity, and gender roles.
Lothair I or Lothar I  (795 – 29 September 855) was the Holy Roman Emperor (817–855, co-ruling with his father until 840), and the governor of Bavaria (815–817), King of Italy (818–855) and Middle Francia (840–855).
Jacques Bernard "Jacky" Ickx  (born 1 January 1945, in Brussels) is a Belgian former racing driver who won the 24 Hours of Le Mans six times, achieved eight wins and 25 podium finishes in Formula One. He also won the Can-Am Championship in 1979 and is a former winner of the Dakar Rally.
Cesare Baronio (also known as Caesar Baronius; 30 August 1538 – 30 June 1607) was an Italian cardinal and ecclesiastical historian of the Roman Catholic Church. His best-known works are his "Annales Ecclesiastici" , which appeared in 12 folio volumes (1588–1607). Pope Benedict XIV conferred upon him the title of Venerable.
The Cagayan River, also known as the Rio Grande de Cagayan, is the longest river in the Philippines and the largest river by discharge volume of water . It has a total length of approximately and a drainage basin covering . It is located in the Cagayan Valley region in northeastern part of Luzon Island and traverses the provinces of Nueva Vizcaya, Quirino, Isabela and Cagayan.
Louis-Gabriel Suchet (2 March 1770 – 3 January 1826), Duke of Albufera , was a French Marshal of the Empire and one of the most successful commanders of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.
John Graham Mellor (21 August 1952 – 22 December 2002), known by his name from May of 1975, Joe Strummer, was a British musician, singer, composer, actor and songwriter who was the co-founder, lyricist, rhythm guitarist and lead vocalist of the Clash, a rock band formed in 1976 as part of the original wave of British punk rock.
Peter Benenson (31 July 1921 – 25 February 2005) was a British lawyer, human rights activist and the founder of human rights group Amnesty International . Benenson refused all honours but in his 80s, largely to please his family, he accepted the Pride of Britain Award for Lifetime Achievement in 2001.
Princess Charlotte of Monaco, Duchess of Valentinois (Charlotte Louise Juliette Grimaldi; 30 September 1898 – 15 November 1977), was the daughter of Louis II, Prince of Monaco, and the mother of Rainier III, Prince of Monaco. From 1922 until 1944, she was the Hereditary Princess of Monaco, heir presumptive to the throne.
Martha Washington ("née" Dandridge; – May 22, 1802) was the wife of George Washington, the first President of the United States. Although the title was not coined until after her death, Martha Washington served as the inaugural First Lady of the United States. 
Phyllis Dorothy James, Baroness James of Holland Park, (3 August 1920 – 27 November 2014), known professionally as P. D. James, was an English crime writer. She rose to fame for her series of detective novels starring police commander and poet Adam Dalgliesh.
Marciana Marina is a town and "comune" in the province of Livorno , one of the most important towns of Elba Island. 
Banks Peninsula is a peninsula of volcanic origin on the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand. It has an area of approximately and encompasses two large harbours and many smaller bays and coves. 
Salzwedel  of Altmarkkreis Salzwedel, and has a population of approximately 21,500. Salzwedel is located on the German Timber-Frame Road.
Bad English was an English/American hard rock/glam metal supergroup formed in 1987. It reunited Journey keyboardist Jonathan Cain with singer John Waite and bassist Ricky Phillips, his former bandmates in The Babys, along with Journey guitarist Neal Schon and drummer Deen Castronovo.
David Edward Jenkins (26 January 19254 September 2016) was a Church of England cleric and theologian. He was Bishop of Durham from 1984 until 1994. 
Hewanorra International Airport , located near Vieux Fort Quarter, Saint Lucia, in the Caribbean, is the larger of Saint Lucia's two airports and is managed by the Saint Lucia Air and Seaports Authority . It is on the southern cape of the island, about 53.4 km (33.2 mi) from the capital city, Castries.
Theobald Theodor Friedrich Alfred von Bethmann-Hollweg (29 November 1856 – 1 January 1921) was a German politician who was the Chancellor of the German Empire from 1909 to 1917.
Mwai Kibaki, C.G.H. (born 15 November 1931) is a Kenyan politician who was the third President of Kenya, serving from December 2002 until April 2013.
John Dennis Profumo, ( ; 30 January 1915 – 9 March 2006) was a British politician whose career ended in 1963 after a sexual relationship with the 19-year-old model Christine Keeler in 1961. The scandal, which became known as the Profumo affair, led to his resignation from the Conservative government of Harold Macmillan.
Roderick Andrew Anthony Jude McDowall (17 September 1928 – 3 October 1998) was an English-American actor, voice artist, film director and photographer. He is best known for portraying Cornelius and Caesar in the original "Planet of the Apes" film series, as well as Galen in the spin-off television series. He began his acting career as a child in England, and then in the United States, in "How Green Was My Valley" (1941), "My Friend Flicka" (1943) and "Lassie Come Home" (1943).
Joachim du Bellay (also Joachim Du Bellay; ; c. 1522 – 1 January 1560) was a French poet, critic, and a founder of the Pléiade. He notably wrote the manifesto of the group: "Défense et illustration de la langue française", which aimed at promoting French as an artistic language, equal to Greek and Latin.
Bernard Hill (born 17 December 1944) is an English film, stage and television actor. He is known for playing Yosser Hughes, the troubled "hard man" whose life is falling apart in Alan Bleasdale's groundbreaking 1980s TV drama "Boys from the Blackstuff" and, more recently, as the Duke of Norfolk in the BBC adaptation of Dame Hilary Mantel's "Wolf Hall". He is also known for roles in blockbuster films, including Captain Edward Smith in "Titanic", King Théoden in "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy and Luther Plunkitt, the Warden of San Quentin Prison in the Clint Eastwood film "True Crime".
Robert William Hoskins (26 October 1942 – 29 April 2014) was an English actor. His work included lead roles in "Pennies from Heaven" (1978), "The Long Good Friday" (1980), "Mona Lisa" (1986), "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" (1988), "Mermaids" (1990), and "Super Mario Bros." (1993), and supporting performances in "Brazil" (1985), "Hook" (1991), "Nixon" (1995), "Enemy at the Gates" (2001), "Mrs. Henderson Presents" (2005), "A Christmas Carol" (2009), "Made in Dagenham" (2010), and "Snow White and the Huntsman" (2012). He also directed two feature films.
Johnnie Clyde Johnson (July 8, 1924 – April 13, 2005) was an American pianist who played jazz, blues and rock and roll. His work with Chuck Berry led to his induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. 
Etta James (born Jamesetta Hawkins; January 25, 1938 – January 20, 2012) was an American singer who performed in various genres, including blues, R&B, soul, rock and roll, jazz and gospel. Starting her career in 1954, she gained fame with hits such as "The Wallflower", "At Last", "Tell Mama", "Something's Got a Hold on Me", and "I'd Rather Go Blind". 
Elizabeth Stuart (19 August 1596 – 13 February 1662) was Electress of the Palatinate and briefly Queen of Bohemia as the wife of Frederick V of the Palatinate. Due to her husband’s reign in Bohemia lasting for just one winter, Elizabeth is often referred to as the "Winter Queen". 
Philippe Quinault (; 3 June 1635 – 26 November 1688), French dramatist and librettist, was born in Paris.
Avril Ramona Lavigne (; ; born September 27, 1984) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, and actress. By the age of 15, she had appeared on stage with Shania Twain and by 16, she had signed a two-album recording contract with Arista Records worth more than $2 million.
Walter Maynard Ferguson CM (May 4, 1928 – August 23, 2006) was a Canadian jazz trumpeter and bandleader. He came to prominence in Stan Kenton's orchestra before forming his own big band in 1957. 
Godsmack is an American rock band from Lawrence, Massachusetts, formed in 1995. The band is composed of founder, frontman and songwriter Sully Erna, guitarist Tony Rombola, bassist Robbie Merrill, and drummer Shannon Larkin. 
Ferdinand I (19 April 1793 – 29 June 1875) was the Emperor of Austria from 1835 until his abdication in 1848. As ruler of Austria, he was also President of the German Confederation, King of Hungary, Croatia and Bohemia , King of Lombardy–Venetia and holder of many other lesser titles . 
Úrsula Hilaria Celia de la Caridad Cruz Alfonso (October 21, 1925 – July 16, 2003) was a Cuban singer and the most popular Latin artist of the 20th century. She was renowned internationally as the "Queen of Salsa", "La Guarachera de Cuba", as well as "The Queen of Latin Music".
The Yarrow Water is a river in the Borders in the south east of Scotland. It is a tributary of the Ettrick Water  and renowned for its high quality trout and salmon fishing. 
Dame Carol Ann Duffy (born 23 December 1955) is a Scottish poet and playwright. She is a professor of contemporary poetry at Manchester Metropolitan University, and was appointed Britain's Poet Laureate in May 2009, resigning in 2019. 
Count was a "Gensui"  in the Imperial Japanese Army and Commander of the Southern Expeditionary Army Group during World War II. He was ordered to lead the occupation over Southeast Asia .
Gerry and the Pacemakers were an English beat group prominent in the 1960s Merseybeat scene. In common with the Beatles, they came from Liverpool, were managed by Brian Epstein, and were recorded by George Martin.
Marianne Evelyn Gabriel Faithfull (born 29 December 1946) is an English singer, songwriter, and actress. She achieved popularity in the 1960s with the release of her hit single "As Tears Go By" and became one of the lead female artists during the British Invasion in the United States.
Antoine Bourdelle (30 October 1861 – 1 October 1929), born Émile Antoine Bordelles, was an influential and prolific French sculptor and teacher. He was a student of Auguste Rodin, a teacher of Giacometti and Henri Matisse, and an important figure in the transition from the Beaux-Arts style to modern sculpture.
Ehud Barak (, born Ehud Brog; 12 February 1942) is an Israeli general and politician who served as the tenth Prime Minister from 1999 to 2001. He was leader of the Labor Party until January 2011. 
Philip II Philoromaeus  or Barypous , a ruler of the Hellenistic Seleucid kingdom, was the son of the Seleucid king Philip I Philadelphus.
Audrey Faith McGraw (née Perry; born September 21, 1967), known professionally as Faith Hill, is an American singer and record producer. She is one of the most successful country artists of all time, having sold more than 40 million albums worldwide. 
Ludwig Quidde (23 March 1858, Bremen – 4 March 1941) was a German politician and pacifist who is mainly remembered today for his acerbic criticism of German Emperor Wilhelm II. Quidde's long career spanned four different eras of German history: that of Bismarck (up to 1890); the Hohenzollern Empire under Wilhelm II (1888–1918); the Weimar Republic (1918–1933); and, finally, Nazi Germany. In 1927, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
Taschen is an art book publisher founded in 1980 by Benedikt Taschen in Cologne, Germany. As of January 2017, Taschen is co-managed by Benedikt and his eldest daughter, Marlene Taschen.
DB Cargo (until 2016 as "DB Schenker Rail", previously known as "Railion Logistics" until 2009) is the management company for the Rail Freight Business Unit of Deutsche Bahn, in which DB bundles all national and European logistics activities by rail.
The Hives are a Swedish rock band that rose to prominence in the early 2000s during the post-punk revival. Their mainstream success came with the release of the album "Veni Vidi Vicious", containing the single "Hate to Say I Told You So". 
Sonia Gandhi ( Maino; born 9 December 1946) is an Indian politician. She is a former president of the Indian National Congress, the secular and left-of-centre political party, which governed India for most of its post-independence history. 
Randall Stuart Newman (born November 28, 1943) is an American singer-songwriter, arranger, composer and pianist who is known for his distinctive voice, mordant  pop songs and film scores.
Jacques Villon (July 31, 1875 – June 9, 1963), also known as Gaston Duchamp, was a French Cubist and abstract painter and printmaker.
Alphonse Marie Louis de Prat de Lamartine, Knight of Pratz (; 21 October 179028 February 1869) was a French writer, poet and politician who was instrumental in the foundation of the Second Republic and the continuation of the Tricolore as the flag of France.
Sir Daniel Michael Blake Day-Lewis (born 29 April 1957) is a retired English actor who holds both British and Irish citizenship. Born and raised in London, he excelled on stage at the National Youth Theatre, before being accepted at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, which he attended for three years. 
Beat Happening is an American indie pop band formed in Olympia, Washington in 1982. Calvin Johnson, Heather Lewis, and Bret Lunsford have been the band's continual members. 
Horace Greeley (February 3, 1811 – November 29, 1872) was an American author and statesman who was the founder and editor of the "New-York Tribune", among the great newspapers of its time. Long active in politics, he served briefly as a congressman from New York, and was the unsuccessful candidate of the new Liberal Republican party in the 1872 presidential election against incumbent President Ulysses S. Grant.
Bush are an English rock band formed in London, England in 1992. Their current lineup consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Gavin Rossdale, drummer Robin Goodridge, lead guitarist Chris Traynor, and bassist Corey Britz.
Laurie R. King (born September 19, 1952) is an American author best known for her detective fiction.
Woldemar Voigt (; 2 September 1850 – 13 December 1919) was a German physicist, who taught at the Georg August University of Göttingen. Voigt eventually went on to head the Mathematical Physics Department at Göttingen and was succeeded in 1914 by Peter Debye, who took charge of the theoretical department of the Physical Institute. In 1921, Debye was succeeded by Max Born.
Sorrento  is a town overlooking the Bay of Naples in Southern Italy. A popular tourist destination due to its variety of small antique shops and location on the Amalfi Coast, it can be reached easily from Naples and Pompeii as it is at the south-eastern end of the Circumvesuviana rail line. 
Benque Viejo del Carmen  is the westernmost town in Belize, by road west and south of Belize City, at the Guatemalan border. San Ignacio lies 13 km to the east and Melchor de Mencos just across the border. The Mopan River runs along the town's north and west edges.
Sergei Sergeievich Korsakoff (; January 22, 1854, Gus-Khrustalny – May 1, 1900, Moscow) was a Russian neuropsychiatrist, known for his studies on alcoholic psychosis. His name is lent to the eponymous Korsakoff's syndrome and Wernicke–Korsakoff syndrome.
Diana Love Webster (née Dill; formerly Douglas and Darrid; January 22, 1923 – July 3, 2015) was an American actress, born in Bermuda who was known for her marriage to actor Kirk Douglas, from 1943 until their divorce in 1951. Diana Douglas was the mother of Michael and Joel Douglas.
KYIS (98.9 FM, "98.9 KISS FM") is a hot adult contemporary radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by Cumulus Media. KYIS-FM's studios are located in Northwest Oklahoma City and a transmitter site is in the Northside of the city.
KTST (101.9 FM, "101-9 The Twister") is a country music station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.. Its transmitter is located in Northeast Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and studios are located at the 50 Penn Place building on the Northwest side.
Sergey Timofeyevich Konenkov   (; – 9 December 1971) was a famous Russian and Soviet sculptor. He was often called "the Russian Rodin".
Hemmoor is a municipality in the district of Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated near the river Oste, approx. 40 km northeast of Bremerhaven, and 25 km south of Brunsbüttel.
Wildside Press is an independent publishing company in Cabin John, Maryland, United States. It was founded in 1989 by John Betancourt and Kim Betancourt. 
United Park, formerly O2 Park and Hunky Dorys Park for sponsorship purposes, is a football stadium in Drogheda, Ireland. The ground has been home to League of Ireland side Drogheda United since 1979. 
Plavsk  is a town and the administrative center of Plavsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia, located on the Plava River. Population: 
The United States Navy Band, based at the historic Washington Navy Yard in Washington, D.C., has served the United States of America as the official musical organization of the United States Navy since 1925. The United States Navy Band serves the ceremonial needs at the seat of government, performing at presidential inaugurations, state arrival ceremonies, state funerals, state dinners, and other significant events.
Ust-Katav  is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Yuryuzan River. Population: 
WZAD "" is country music radio station licensed to Wurtsboro, New York that serves the Catskill Mountains region, Orange County, New York, and Pike County, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and broadcasts on 97.3 MHz with 620 watts ERP from a tower between Wurtsboro and Monticello. Its studios are in Poughkeepsie, New York.
Salzbergen is a municipality in the Emsland district, Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the river Ems, approx. 25 km south of Lingen, and 10 km northwest of Rheine.
Spelle is a municipality in the Emsland district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 20 km southeast of Lingen, and 10 km north of Rheine.
Stadionul Republican was a multi-purpose stadium in Chişinău, Moldova. It was used mostly for football matches. 
Guillaume Fichet (; 21 September 1433 – c. 1480) was a French scholar, who cooperated with Johann Heynlin to establish the first printing press in France  in 1470.
George Gruntz (24 June 1932 – 10 January 2013) was a Swiss jazz pianist, organist, harpsichordist, keyboardist, and composer known for the George Gruntz Concert Big Band and his work with Phil Woods, Rahsaan Roland Kirk, Don Cherry, Chet Baker, Art Farmer, Dexter Gordon, Johnny Griffin, and Mel Lewis.
Torretta  is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Palermo located on the Mediterranean island of Sicily.
The National Iranian American Council  is a nonprofit, civil society, NGO based in Washington, D.C. and is the largest organization representing people of Iranian Heritage in the United States. Trita Parsi was one of the founders and is the organization's former president. 
Castelmezzano  is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. It is bounded by the comuni of Albano di Lucania, Anzi, Laurenzana, Pietrapertosa, Trivigno.
Rex Reason (November 30, 1928 – November 19, 2015) was an American actor best known for his role in "This Island Earth" (1955).
Marsicovetere  is a town of and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Rosdorf is a municipality in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. approx. 4 km southwest of Göttingen.
Hermitage Capital Management is an investment fund and asset management company specializing in Russian markets founded by Bill Browder and Edmond Safra. Chief Operating Officer is Ivan Cherkasov. 
Athlone Stadium is a stadium in Athlone on the Cape Flats in Cape Town, South Africa. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Santos Cape Town. The stadium holds 34,000 people and was built in 1972.
Acarigua , founded as San Miguel de Acarigua, is a city in northwestern Venezuela, in the northern part of the state of Portuguesa.
WEFM is an FM Station broadcasting on 95.9 MHz in Michigan City, Indiana, east of the Chicago metropolitan area. It is a member of the Indianapolis Colts affiliates radio network, and the flagship station of the Gary SouthShore RailCats.
Nicholas Ian Willis (born 25 April 1983) is a New Zealand middle distance runner and the country's only two-time Olympic medalist in the 1500 metres. He won the silver medal at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, and bronze at the 2016 Olympics in Rio. 
Le Grand-Madieu is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Agostino Di Bartolomei (8 April 1955 in Rome – 30 May 1994 in San Marco di Castellabate) was an Italian football player, who played as a midfielder or as a defender, in a sweeper role. Famed for his elegance on the ball and playmaking skills, he is regarded as one of A.S. Roma's greatest players ever, and one of the greatest Italian players never to have been capped by the Italian national team.
Woodlands Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Woodlands, Singapore. It is currently the home ground of S.League side, Woodlands Wellington FC, and used mostly for football matches for both the S.League and Prime League competitions. 
Tostedt  is a municipality in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is the central administration of the collective municipality  which consists of 9 joint communities.
Road Ranger is a Rockford, Illinois-based chain of travel centers, truck stops and convenience stores primarily found in the mid-western United States.
KLBK-TV, virtual channel 13 (UHF digital channel 31), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Lubbock, Texas, United States. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, which also operates ABC affiliate KAMC (channel 28) under a local marketing agreement  with owner Mission Broadcasting. 
Britton Chance (July 24, 1913 – November 16, 2010) was the Eldridge Reeves Johnson University Professor Emeritus of Biochemistry and Biophysics, as well as Professor Emeritus of Physical Chemistry and Radiological Physics at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine.
Princess Adelheid Amalie Gallitzin (also known as Amaliia Samuilovna Golitsyna or in Russian as Амалия Самуиловна Голицына; 28 August 1748 – 17 April 1806) was the daughter of the Prussian Field Marshal Count Samuel von Schmettau and the mother of Prince Demetrius Augustine Gallitzin.
Fabian Wegmann (born 20 June 1980) is a German former professional road racing cyclist. Born in Münster, North Rhine-Westphalia, Wegmann currently resides in Freiburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. 
WDKL (102.7 FM, "K-Love") is a contemporary Christian formatted radio station licensed to Mount Clemens, Michigan, and serving the Detroit metropolitan area. The station broadcasts with 50,000 watts of power from an antenna located near the intersection of Gratiot Avenue and Fourteen Mile Road in Clinton Charter Township, Macomb County, Michigan, and directs its signal mainly toward the north and east to avoid interfering with WWWW-FM in Ann Arbor.
Red Light District Video  is an American pornographic film studio headquartered in Chatsworth, California.
Ilmenau is a river south of Hamburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany
Troy Norman Murray (born July 31, 1962) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the NHL. He is currently the color analyst on WGN-AM broadcasts of Chicago Blackhawks hockey games. Murray was born in Calgary, Alberta, but grew up in St. Albert, Alberta.
Algaida is a municipality on the Spanish Balearic island of Majorca. It has an area of 89.70 km² with 4,528 inhabitants .
Evaristo de Macedo Filho (born 22 June 1933, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian former footballer and coach.
The Gambila River , also called the Tochi River , is located in Khost Province, Afghanistan, and North Waziristan and Bannu District, northwestern Pakistan.
Michael James Williamson (born 8 November 1983) is an English professional football manager and player who plays as a centre back. He is the player-manager of club Gateshead.
The is a standards organization and is the International Organization for Standardization  member body for Japan. It is also a member of the International Electrotechnical Commission.
Hattorf am Harz is a municipality in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated in the southern Harz, approx. 10 km south of Osterode am Harz.
Bart van der Leck (26 November 1876, Utrecht – 13 November 1958, Blaricum) was a Dutch painter, designer, and ceramicist. With Theo van Doesburg and Piet Mondrian he founded the De Stijl art movement.
Radio Caracas Televisión  was a Venezuelan free-to-air television network headquartered in the Caracas neighborhood of Quinta Crespo. It was sometimes referred to as the Canal de Bárcenas. Owned by Empresas 1BC, Radio Caracas Televisión  was inaugurated on 15 November 1953 by William H. Phelps, Jr.. Its radio counterpart was Radio Caracas Radio.
The Rowett Institute is a research centre for studies into food and nutrition, located in Aberdeen, Scotland.
La Guardia  is a municipality located in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. There is documented presence since Bronze Age, Romans, Jews and documents since 12th century.
Franz  Xaver Richter, known as "François Xavier Richter" in France (December 1, 1709 – September 12, 1789) was an Austro-Moravian singer, violinist, composer, conductor and music theoretician who spent most of his life first in Austria and later in Mannheim and in Strasbourg, where he was music director of the cathedral. From 1783 on Haydn’s favourite pupil Ignaz Pleyel was his deputy at the cathedral.
Estadio Sixto Escobar is a multi-purpose stadium in San Juan, Puerto Rico. It is currently used mostly for soccer matches.
The University of Peradeniya  is a state university in Sri Lanka, funded by the University Grants Commission. It is the largest and oldest university in Sri Lanka, which was origionally established as the University of Ceylon in 1942.
Bathgate Thistle Football Club are a Scottish junior football club, based in the town of Bathgate, West Lothian. They play in the Scottish Junior Football Association's East Region Super League South.
Jules-Joseph Perrot (18 August 1810 – 29 August 1892) was a dancer and choreographer who later became Ballet Master of the Imperial Ballet in St. Petersburg, Russia. He created some of the most famous ballets of the 19th century including "Pas de Quatre", "La Esmeralda", "Ondine", and "Giselle" with Jean Coralli.
Li Chunxiu (Chinese: 李春秀; born August 13, 1969) is a Chinese race walker, who won the bronze medal over 10 km at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Soji of Silla was Ruler of Silla (died 500, r. 479–500). He was preceded by Jabi Maripgan (458–479) and succeeded by King Jijeung (500–514).
Homa Football Club  is an Iranian football club based in Tehran, Iran. They currently play in the Tehran Provincial Leagues.
Lukovit  is a town in northern Bulgaria, part of Lovech Province. It is situated on both banks of the Zlatna Panega between the Danubian Plain and the foot of Stara Planina. 
Michael Francis Gregson (born 27 January 1928), known professionally as Michael Craig, is a British-Australian actor and scriptwriter, known for his work in theatre, film and television both in the United Kingdom and Australia.
Tomsk State University of Control Systems and Radioelectronics  is a public university in Tomsk, Russia.
The Cross-Sanaga-Bioko coastal forests are a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion of west-central Africa. This is lush forest rich in flora and birdlife.
Saint Francis of Assisi College  is a system of private, Catholic-oriented but non-sectarian Philippine educational institutions, offering complete education from pre-school up to the graduate or masteral level of education. The main campus is situated in Las Piñas City, Metro Manila.
The Gulf of Nicoya  is an inlet of the Pacific Ocean. It separates the Nicoya Peninsula from the mainland of Costa Rica, and encompasses a marine and coastal landscape of wetlands, rocky islands and cliffs.
For Social Democracy,  or abbreviation PODEMOS,  is a political party in Venezuela. In the 2005 legislative elections the party won 15 out of 165 seats in the National Assembly.
The Cordillera de Talamanca is a mountain range that lies on the southeast half of Costa Rica and the far west of Panama. Much of the range and the area around it is included in the La Amistad International Park, which also is shared between the two countries. 
Acquedolci  is an Italian town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Messina in Sicily.
Issey Morgan Nakajima-Farran (born 16 May 1984) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays for Canadian Premier League club Pacific FC.
Stoyko Ivanov Stoykov (; 26 October 1912 – 9 December 1969) was a Bulgarian linguist.
Chandra Prakash Mainali more commonly known as CP Mainali (born August 22, 1951, in Chokpur, Taplejung District) is a communist politician in Nepal. He was born to Dhanpati and Chandrakumari Mainali. 
Sapareva Banya  is a town in southwestern Bulgaria, part of Kyustendil Province. As Ancient Germania , a former bishopric, it is a Latin Catholic titular see.
The John Cooper School is an independent, college-preparatory, nonsectarian, co-educational day school located in The Woodlands, an unincorporated planned community in Montgomery County, Texas, United States.
Augusta  is a town and "comune" in the province of Syracuse, located on the eastern coast of Sicily . The city is one of the main harbours in Italy, especially for oil refineries  which are in its vicinity.
Jermaine Paul Alexander Beckford (born 9 December 1983) is a professional footballer who plays for club Bury as a striker. He began his career as a trainee at Chelsea, and has since played for Wealdstone, Uxbridge, Leeds United, Carlisle United, Scunthorpe United, Everton, Leicester City, Huddersfield Town, Bolton Wanderers and Preston North End.
The Poly Technologies , a subsidiary of China Poly Group Corporation, is a trade company with headquarters in Beijing, China. The company deals with missiles and other military products. 
Karim Mostafa Benzema (; born 19 December 1987) is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Real Madrid and the France national team. He has been described as an "immensely talented striker" who is "strong and powerful" and "a potent finisher from inside the box".
Grissom Air Reserve Base is a United States Air Force base, located about north of Kokomo in Cass and Miami counties in Indiana. The facility was established as a U.S. Navy installation, Naval Air Station Bunker Hill, in 1942 and an active Air Force installation from 1954 to 1994. 
Tai Ping Shan Street  is a street marking the early colonial history in Hong Kong. Located at the north slope of Victoria Peak in Sheung Wan, the street starts east from a ladder street at the junction with Bridges Street and end west in Po Yan Street near Tung Wah Hospital. The street runs parallel to Hollywood Road.
WMCX (88.9 FM, The X 88.9) is a New Jersey college radio station with an Alternative Rock format. The studios and production facilities are located at Monmouth University in West Long Branch, New Jersey.
Samuel Peter W. Riley (born 8 January 1980) is an English actor and singer. He is best known for his performance in the 2007 biographical film "Control" about the life of Ian Curtis, as protagonist Sal Paradise in the 2012 adaptation of the Jack Kerouac novel "On the Road", and as Diaval in the 2014 film "Maleficent".
Frederick, Duke of Lower Lorraine, also known as "Frederick of Luxembourg" ( – 18 May 1065) was the count of Malmedy from 1035 and Duke of Lower Lorraine from 1046. He was a younger son of Frederick, Lord of Gleiberg.
The Recoleta Cultural Centre  is an exhibition and cultural events centre located in the "barrio" of Recoleta, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Timo Scheider (born 10 November 1978 in Lahnstein) is a German racing driver who competes in the FIA World Rallycross Championship for Münnich Motorsport. He won the DTM title in 2008 and 2009.
Horse Island, at 17 acres (69,000 m²), is the largest of the Thimble Islands off Stony Creek, a section of Branford, Connecticut. It is owned by Yale University and is maintained as an ecological laboratory by Yale's Peabody Museum of Natural History. 
Cetus Corporation was one of the first biotechnology companies. It was established in Berkeley, California in 1971, but conducted most of its operations in nearby Emeryville. 
Beacon is a town in Western Australia, in the Shire of Mount Marshall. It is north of Bencubbin and northeast of Perth by road.
Le Verdon-sur-Mer is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston , located in the Houston Museum District, Houston, is one of the largest museums in the United States. The permanent collection of the museum spans more than 6,000 years of history with approximately 64,000 works from six continents.
Amlwch Town Football Club is a football team, playing in Amlwch on the island of Anglesey in the Welsh Alliance League, the third tier of the Welsh football league system.
Oriel Park is a UEFA Category 2 football stadium located on the Carrickmacross Road in Dundalk, Ireland. The stadium is the home ground of Dundalk Football Club and is owned and operated by the club on land that has been leased from the Casey family since the mid 1930s.
The Constitutionalist Party of Iran–Liberal Democrat  is an Iranian exiled monarchist political party. The party condemns the Iranian Revolution and is waiting for the return of the monarchy under Reza Pahlavi.
Sporting Bengal United Football Club is an English football team from Mile End, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. They currently play in the .
Patrick Juvet (born 21 August 1950, in Montreux, Switzerland) is a former model turned singer-songwriter, who had a string of hit records in France. While his early career was focused on making pop records, he found international success as a disco music performer in the latter half of the 1970s.
The Cornell University Press is a division of Cornell University housed in Sage House, the former residence of Henry William Sage. It was first established in 1869, making it the first university publishing enterprise in the United States, but was inactive from 1884 to 1930.
The Yass River, a perennial river that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the Southern Tablelands and South Western Slopes districts of New South Wales, Australia.
Philip Arnold Smith (April 22, 1952 – July 29, 2002) was an American professional basketball player who played for 9 seasons in the National Basketball Association .
Lee McConnell (born 9 October 1978) is a retired Scottish athlete, who competed in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles having started her career as a high jumper. She is three-times an Olympian having competed for Great Britain at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Olympics, and is 11-times a medalist at major championships. 
WAJZ is an urban-leaning Rhythmic Contemporary station serving the Albany-Schenectady-Troy area. The station is owned by Pamal Broadcasting and operates at 96.3 MHz with an ERP of 470 watts and is licensed to Voorheesville, New York. 
Gilles Panizzi (born 19 September 1965) is a French rally driver on the World Rally Championship circuit.
Sergius I (, "Sergios I" ; d. 9 December 638 in Constantinople) was the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 610 to 638. He is most famous for promoting Monothelite Christianity, especially through the "Ecthesis".
Terry David Mulligan (born June 30, 1942) is a Canadian actor and radio and television personality based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Carsoli  is a town and "comune" in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo . The ancient Roman city lies southwest of the modern town.
Glory Alozie Oluchi (born 30 December 1977 in Amator, Abia State) is a Nigerian-born Spanish track and field athlete competing mostly in hurdling.
Swisttal is a municipality in the Rhein-Sieg district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Swisttal received its names from a brook named Swist, which flows in the middle of the municipality.
Louis IV the Saint (; 28 October 1200 – 11 September 1227), a member of the Ludovingian dynasty, was Landgrave of Thuringia and Saxon Count palatine from 1217 until his death. He was the husband of Saint Elizabeth of Hungary.
Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg (born María Teresa Mestre y Batista; on 22 March 1956), is the spouse of Grand Duke Henri.
Herrerism is a political faction of the National Party of Uruguay.
Eyal Ran (born November 21, 1972) is an Israeli former professional tennis player and former Captain of the Israel Davis Cup team.
Alkan Air Ltd. is an airline based in Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada. It operates seven-day-a-week charter and air ambulance  services that cover northern and western Canada and Alaska. From 2016 to 2018 Alkan also operated scheduled flights between Erik Nielsen Whitehorse International Airport and Watson Lake Airport.
Jal  is a pop rock band from Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. The band originally consisted of songwriter, vocalist and lead guitarist, Goher Mumtaz and vocalist, Atif Aslam and later joined by bass guitarist Omer Nadeem. 
Murphy Oil Corporation is a petroleum and natural gas exploration company headquartered in El Dorado, Arkansas. The company also has operating offices in Houston, Texas, Calgary, Alberta, and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
2CC is a commercial radio station on the AM band in Canberra, Australia. It began broadcasting on 1210 kHz in 1975 changing to 1206 kHz in 1978. It is jointly owned by Capital Radio Network and Grant Broadcasters.
Meldorf is a town in western Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, that straddles the river Miele in the district of Dithmarschen.
Condobolin is a town in the west of the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia, on the Lachlan River. At the , Condobolin had a population of 3,486.
Cosimo Fanzago (Clusone, 12 October 1591 – Napoli, 13 February 1678) was an Italian architect and sculptor, generally considered the greatest such artist of the Baroque period in Naples, Italy.
The United Socialist Party  is a Trotskyist political party in Sri Lanka. It is affiliated to the Committee for a Workers' International.
Vietnam Television, or VTV , is the national television broadcaster of Vietnam.
Villeneuve-la-Garenne is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris in the Hauts-de-Seine department in the Île-de-France region.
Wattignies-la-Victoire is a commune in the Nord department of northern France. It is close to the site of the Battle of Wattignies, fought in 1793 during the French Revolutionary Wars, in which the French scored a victory over Austria.
The Popular Front Party  was the main opposition political party in Ghana during the Third Republic (1979-1981). 
Anthony John Leslie Lloyd, Baron Lloyd of Berwick (called Tony; born 9 May 1929) is a retired British judge, and a former member of the House of Lords.
Forth Ports Limited is one of the largest port operators in the United Kingdom. It is based in Edinburgh, Scotland, which is situated on the Firth of Forth. 
Manitouwadge is a township in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is located in the Thunder Bay District, at the north end of Highway 614, east of Thunder Bay and north-west of Sault Ste. Marie.
Saint Peter Nolasco (1189 – 6 May 1256), "Pere Nolasc" in Catalan, "Pierre Nolasque" in French and "Pedro Nolasco" in Spanish, is a Catholic saint, born at Mas-des-Saintes-Puelles, Languedoc, today's France, although some historians claim he was born in Barcelona .
Auburn is a small town in the southern edge of the Clare Valley, in the Mid North of South Australia.
Josef "Jupp" Derwall (10 March 1927 – 26 June 2007) was a German football player and coach. Derwall was manager of the Germany national football team between 1978 and 1984, winning the UEFA Euro 1980 and reaching the final of the 1982 World Cup. 
Albemarle Corporation is a chemical company with corporate headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina. It is a specialty chemical manufacturing enterprise. 
Cecilia Nina Bowes-Lyon, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne ("née" Cavendish-Bentinck; 11 September 1862 – 23 June 1938) was the mother of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and maternal grandmother and godmother of Queen Elizabeth II.
WNTR is a commercial radio station located in Indianapolis, Indiana, broadcasting on 107.9 FM. WNTR airs a Hot AC format currently under the ownership of Cumulus Media. 
Janssen Pharmaceutica is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Beerse, Belgium. It was founded in 1953 by Paul Janssen.
Arizona Christian University is a private Christian university in Phoenix, Arizona.
KAJB, virtual channel 54 (UHF digital channel 36), is a UniMás-affiliated television station serving El Centro, California and Yuma, Arizona, United States that is licensed to Calipatria, California. Owned by Calipatria Broadcasting Company, the station is operated by Entravision Communications under a joint sales agreement , making it a sister station to El Centro-licensed Univision affiliate KVYE (channel 7). 
The Parsnip River is a long river in central British Columbia, Canada. It flows generally north-westward from the Parsnip Glacier in the Hart Ranges to the Parsnip Reach of Williston Lake, formed by the impounding of the waters of the Peace River by the W.A.C. Bennett Dam in 1968. 
Hasankeyf  is an ancient town and district located along the Tigris River in the Batman Province in southeastern Turkey. It was declared a natural conservation area by Turkey in 1981. 
Augustinus  Wilhelmus Johannes Marines Vogels (born March 26, 1975 in Naaldwijk, South Holland) is a Dutch field hockey goalkeeper, who twice won Olympic gold medals with the national squad: at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and four years later, at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
Anna Gunilla Carlsson is a Swedish politician and a member of the Moderate Party. She served as Minister for International Development Cooperation from 2006 to 2013, member of the Swedish Riksdag from 2002 to 2013 and deputy chairman of her party from 2003 to 2015.
Lalbenque is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Steve Coll (born October 8, 1958) is an American journalist, academic and executive. He is currently the dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, where he is also the Henry R. Luce Professor of Journalism. 
Montefiascone is a town and "comune" of the province of Viterbo, in Lazio, central Italy. It stands on a hill on the southeast side of Lake Bolsena, about north of Rome.
CBRE Group, Inc., is an American commercial real estate services and investment firm. It is the largest company of its kind in the world. 
Bahrain Radio and Television Corporation  is a public broadcaster in Bahrain with headquarters in Manama. The BRTC is owned by the government of Bahrain, and under the control of the Information Affairs Authority. 
Ziv Television Programs, Inc. was an American production company that specialized in productions for first-run television syndication in the 1950s.
Syed Ahmad Javed Jaffrey (born 4 December 1963) is an Indian actor, voice actor, dancer, comedian, impressionist known for his work in several Bollywood films and Indian television shows. His father is the famous comedian Jagdeep. He joined the Aam Aadmi Party  in March, 2014 and contested in the 2014 Indian general election from the Lucknow constituency only to finish 5th.
Apostolos Nikolaidis (, 19 April 1896 – 15 October 1980) was a Greek athlete, football manager and businessman. He was a leading board member and president of Panathinaikos A.C..
"Not to be confused with Ai Lào, an archaic former name for the country of Laos and geographically near the neighboring Ailao Mountains in Yunnan, China."
The Taymyr River  is a long river in Russia. It is located in the middle of the Taymyr Peninsula in the Krasnoyarsk Krai administrative region of the Russian Federation.
Pieter Weening (born 5 April 1981) is a Dutch road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental team .
987 (previously known as Perfect Ten 98.7FM before July 2005) is an English radio station of Mediacorp in Singapore. It is a 24-hour radio station that plays English hits from Singapore, United Kingdom, United States, and around the world. 987FM is the sole contemporary hit radio station broadcasting on the FM frequency band in Singapore.
The Bolshevik Samasamaja Party was the Ceylon section Bolshevik-Leninist Party of India, Ceylon and Burma  after 1945 and of the Fourth International in 1948-1950, after the dissolution of the BLPI.
Rancocas Farm was an American thoroughbred horse racing stud farm and racing stable located on Monmouth Road (County Road 537) in the Jobstown section of Springfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey.
The 3Ds were an noise pop band based from Dunedin, New Zealand, together from 1988 to 1997.
Pramathesh Chandra Barua  (24 October 1903 – 29 November 1951) was an Indian actor, director, and screenwriter of Indian films in the pre-independence era, born in Gauripur.
Dabolim Airport or Goa Airport is the sole international airport in Goa. It is located in Dabolim and operates as a civil enclave in a military airbase named INS Hansa. It is 4 km from the nearest city Vasco da Gama, 23 km from Margao, and about 30 km from the state capital Panjim.
Vaux-devant-Damloup is a former commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. It had a population of 67 (2012). On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune Douaumont-Vaux.
Elena Germanovna Vodorezova (; married name: Buianova ; born 21 May 1963), is a Russian figure skating coach and retired competitive skater who represented the Soviet Union. She is the 1983 World bronze medalist and three-time European medalist. 
Medicina  is an Italian "comune" with c. 16,000 inhabitants in the Metropolitan City of Bologna, part of the region of Emilia-Romagna.
Bormio  is a town and "comune" with a population of about 4,100 located in the Province of Sondrio, Lombardy region of the Alps in northern Italy.
Caterina or,Catharina van Hemessen (1528 – after 1565) was a Flemish Renaissance painter. She is the earliest female Flemish painter for whom there is verifiable extant work. 
Caryn Kadavy (born December 9, 1967), is an American figure skater. She is the 1987 World bronze medalist and a four-time U.S. national medalist. She also competed at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Australian National Airways  was Australia's predominant carrier from the mid-1930s to the early 1950s.
Antichan is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Villerupt  is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Marnay-sur-Seine is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Melles is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
The Perl Foundation  is dedicated to the advancement of the Perl programming language through open discussion, collaboration, design, and code. The Perl Foundation is a non-profit, 501(3) organization based in Holland, Michigan.
WCRF-FM (103.3 FM) – branded Moody Radio Cleveland – is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to Cleveland, Ohio serving Greater Cleveland. Owned by the Moody Bible Institute, the station broadcasts a religious format and is the Cleveland affiliate for Moody Radio. 
The Piedmont region of Virginia is a part of the greater Piedmont physiographic region which stretches from the falls of the Potomac, Rappahannock, and James Rivers to the Blue Ridge Mountains. The region runs across the middle of the state from north to south, expanding outward to a width of nearly 190 miles at the border with North Carolina. 
Tungkillo (, postcode 5236, altitude 299m) is a town in South Australia, located approximately south of Mount Pleasant. It sits on Adelaide-Mannum Road, north-east of the state capital, Adelaide and north-west of Mannum. At the , Tungkillo had a population of 360.
Sylvia Fine (August 29, 1913October 28, 1991) was an American lyricist, composer, and producer, and the wife of the comedian Danny Kaye. She and her future husband grew up within blocks of each other in Brooklyn, but they did not meet until 1939.
Star City is a small town of 460 inhabitants in Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 120 km (70 mi) southeast of Prince Albert and 18 km (10 mi) east of Melfort.
Seurasaari  is an island and a district in Helsinki, Finland, known mostly as the location of the Seurasaari Open-Air Museum, which consists of old, mainly wooden buildings transplanted from elsewhere in Finland and placed in the dense forest landscape of the island.
Kharovsk  is a town and the administrative center of Kharovsky District in Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Kubena River, north of Vologda, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Sir William Flood Webb KBE (21 January 1887 – 11 August 1972) was a judge of the Supreme Court of Queensland and the High Court of Australia. He was President of the International Military Tribunal for the Far East after the end of World War II.
Stefan Lindemann (born 30 September 1980, in Erfurt) is a German figure skater. He is the 2004 World bronze medalist, 2005 European bronze medalist, 2000 World Junior champion, and a seven-time (2000, 2002, 2004–2007, 2010) German national champion.
Kingdom FM is an Independent Local Radio station serving Fife. It is locally owned and operated and broadcasts from studios at Elizabeth House in Kirkcaldy.
The South Esk River, the longest river in Tasmania, is a major perennial river located in the northern region of Tasmania, Australia.
The Kushk  is a river which, during a portion of its course, forms the boundary between Afghanistan and Turkmenistan, and used to form the southernmost border of the Russian Empire and the Soviet Union. The Kushk is fed by the Aq Robat and Galleh Chagar rivers in north-western Afghanistan. 
Imbiah lookout is Singapore's biggest cluster of attractions, it is located in Sentosa Island. The area contains 11 attractions.
, also known in English as and is one of the Satsunan Islands, classed with the Amami archipelago between Kyūshū and Okinawa.
Friedrich "Fritz" Fischer (born 22 September 1956) is a former biathlete from Germany. He won a gold medal with Germany in the 4 × 7.5 km relay in the 1992 Winter Olympics. 
Mettingen is a municipality in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Marika Kilius (born 24 March 1943) is a German former pair skater. With Hans-Jürgen Bäumler, she is a two-time Olympic silver medalist, a two-time World champion, and a six-time European champion. Earlier in her career, she competed with Franz Ningel.
Gusinje , is a small town in north-eastern Montenegro. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 1,673 and is the administrative center of Gusinje Municipality.
Anneliese Rothenberger (19 June 192424 May 2010) was a German operatic soprano who had an active international performance career which spanned from 1943 to 1983. She specialized in the lyric coloratura soprano repertoire, and was particularly admired for her interpretations of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Richard Strauss.
St Blazey  is a small town in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.
Sheryl Lee Ralph (born December 30, 1956) is an American actress, singer, author, and activist. She made her screen debut in the 1977 comedy film "A Piece of the Action", before landing her breakthrough role as Deena Jones in the Broadway musical "Dreamgirls" (1981), for which she received Tony Award nomination for Best Actress in a Musical.
Ostra is a town and "comune" in the Marche, central Italy, near the modern Ostra Vetere, south-east of Senigallia.
KEST (1450 AM) is a radio station in San Francisco, California. Most of the station's programming is non-English, such as Indian, Chinese, and other Asian languages. 
Georges Charpak (; born Jerzy Charpak, 8 March 1924 – 29 September 2010) was a Polish-born French physicist from a Jewish family who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1992.
Beijing Institute of Technology , is a co-educational public university, located in Beijing, China, established in 1940, Yan'an. It is a major research university under the supervision of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
Arthur Christopher Orme Plummer (born December 13, 1929) is a Canadian actor whose career has spanned six decades, beginning with his film debut in "Stage Struck" (1958).
Jorge de Montemor  (1520? – 26 February 1561) was a Portuguese novelist and poet, who wrote almost exclusively in Spanish. 
The Marquess of Beixiang (; died 10 December 125), personal name Liu Yi, also referred to as Emperor Shao , was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty. He was selected to succeed Emperor An after Emperor An's sudden death in 125, but died soon after he became emperor and a eunuch coup in favour of Emperor Shun overthrew the regime of Empress Dowager Yan, who put him on the throne.
Sir Alfred Charles Bernard Lovell (31 August 19136 August 2012) was an English physicist and radio astronomer. He was the first Director of Jodrell Bank Observatory, from 1945 to 1980.
Kristine Marie Lilly Heavey (born July 22, 1971), Kristine Marie Lilly, is a retired American soccer player who last played professionally for Boston Breakers in Women's Professional Football . She was a member of the United States women's national football team for 23 years and is the most capped football player in the history of the sport  gaining her 352nd and final cap against Mexico in a World Cup qualifier in November 2010. Lilly scored 130 goals for the United States women's national team, behind Mia Hamm's 158 goals, and Abby Wambach's 184.
Ibrahim Khan Lodi became the Sultan of Delhi in 1517 after the death of his father Sikandar Lodi. He was the last ruler of the Lodi dynasty, reigning for nine years between 1517 until being defeated and killed at the battle of Panipat by Babur's invading army in 1526, giving way to the emergence of the Mughal Empire in India.
William Temple (15 October 1881 – 26 October 1944) was a bishop in the Church of England. He served as Bishop of Manchester (1921–29), Archbishop of York (1929–42) and Archbishop of Canterbury (1942–44).
Lucius Antonius (1st century BC) was the younger brother and supporter of Mark Antony, a Roman politician.
The Kansas City Southern Railway Company , is an American class I railroad owned by Kansas City Southern . Founded in 1887, it operates in 10 midwestern and southeastern U.S. states: Illinois, Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana and Texas. 
Giacomo Balla (18 July 1871 – 1 March 1958) was an Italian painter, art teacher and poet best known as a key proponent of Futurism. In his paintings he depicted light, movement and speed.
Gianfranco Zola (; born 5 July 1966) is an Italian former footballer who played predominantly as a forward. He is a football manager and coach and is the assistant manager of Chelsea.
August Paul von Wassermann (21 February 1866 – 16 March 1925) was a German bacteriologist and hygienist.
Quintus Fabius Maximus Rullianus , son of Marcus Fabius Ambustus, of the patrician Fabii of ancient Rome, was five times consul and a hero of the Samnite Wars. He was brother to Marcus Fabius Ambustus (magister equitum 322 BC).
The is the main railway company operating in the Chūbu  region of central Japan. It is officially abbreviated in English as JR Central and in Japanese as . "Tōkai" is a reference to the geographical region in which the company chiefly operates.
The Hron  is a long left tributary of the Danube and the second-longest river in Slovakia. It flows from its source in the Low Tatra Mountains  through central and southern Slovakia, emptying into the Danube near Štúrovo and Esztergom. Major cities and towns on the Hron are Brezno, Banská Bystrica, Sliač, Zvolen, Žiar nad Hronom, Žarnovica, Nová Baňa, Tlmače, Levice, Želiezovce, and Štúrovo.
Watford  is a town and borough in Hertfordshire, South East England, northwest of central London.
Jakob Nielsen (born 5 October 1957) is a Danish web usability consultant. He holds a Ph.D. in human–computer interaction from the Technical University of Denmark in Copenhagen.
William Humble Ward, 2nd Earl of Dudley, (25 May 1867 – 29 June 1932), was a British aristocrat, politician, and military officer who served as the fourth Governor-General of Australia, in office from 1908 to 1911. He was previously Lord Lieutenant of Ireland from 1902 to 1905, and also a government minister under Lord Salisbury.
Felixstowe  is a seaside town in Suffolk, England. At the 2011 Census, it had a population of 23,689. The Port of Felixstowe is the largest container port in the United Kingdom.
Alton  is a market town and civil parish in Hampshire, England, near the source of the River Wey. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 17,816.
Bonnie Blair Brown (born April 23, 1946) is an American theater, film and television actress. She has had a number of high-profile roles, including in the play "Copenhagen" on Broadway, the leading actress in the films "Altered States" (1980), "Continental Divide" (1981) and "Strapless" (1989), as well as a run as the title character in the comedy-drama television series "The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd", which ran from 1987 to 1991. Her later roles include Nina Sharp on the Fox television series "Fringe" and Judy King on the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black".
Gnaeus Pompeius (ca. 75 BC – 12 April 45 BC), also known as Pompey the Younger , was a Roman politician and general from the late Republic (1st century BC).
SsangYong Motor Company  is the fourth largest South Korea-based automobile manufacturer, and a subsidiary of Indian multinational automotive company Mahindra & Mahindra Limited.
Merton Howard Miller (May 16, 1923 – June 3, 2000) was an American economist, and the co-author of the Modigliani–Miller theorem (1958), which proposed the irrelevance of debt-equity structure. He shared the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1990, along with Harry Markowitz and William F. Sharpe. Miller spent most of his academic career at the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business.
Valencia  is the capital city of Carabobo State, and the third largest city in Venezuela.
David Michael Davis (born 23 December 1948) is a British Conservative Party politician who served as Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union from July 2016 to July 2018 and Chief Negotiator for Exiting the European Union from July 2016 to September 2017, and has served as Member of Parliament  for Haltemprice and Howden since 1997. He was previously elected to the House of Commons for Boothferry in 1987, and reelected in 1992. Davis was sworn of the Privy Council in the 1997 New Year Honours, having previously been Minister of State for Europe from 1994 to 1997.
Janet Mary Young, Baroness Young, (; 23 October 1926 – 6 September 2002) was a British Conservative politician. She served as the first ever female Leader of the House of Lords from 1981 to 1983, first as Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and from 1982 as Lord Privy Seal. 
Redcar is a seaside resort and town in North Yorkshire, England. The local council, a unitary authority, is Redcar and Cleveland. Historically part of the North Riding of Yorkshire, it lies east-north-east of Middlesbrough on the North Sea coast.
Miastko , is a town in the Middle Pomerania region of northwestern Poland. Administratively it has since 1999 been part of Bytów County in the Pomeranian Voivodeship; previously (1975–1998) it had been in Słupsk Voivodeship.
The New Zealand House of Representatives is a component of the New Zealand Parliament, along with the Sovereign . The House passes all laws, provides ministers to form a Cabinet, and supervises the work of the Government. 
The University of Leicester  is a public research university based in Leicester, England. The main campus is south of the city centre, adjacent to Victoria Park. 
Rani Mukerji (; born 21 March 1978) is an Indian film actress. One of the most popular and highest-paid Hindi film actresses in the 2000s, she has received several awards, including seven Filmfare Awards. 
Zebrahead is an American punk rock band from Orange County, California. Formed in 1995, the band has released thirteen studio albums to date.
Kirkcaldy  is a town and former royal burgh in Fife, on the east coast of Scotland. It is about north of Edinburgh and south-southwest of Dundee. 
John Franklin "Home Run" Baker (March 13, 1886 – June 28, 1963) was an American professional baseball player. A third baseman, Baker played in Major League Baseball from 1908 to 1922, for the Philadelphia Athletics and the New York Yankees. Baker has been called the "original home run king of the majors".
Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo (Peltuinum c. 7 – 67 AD) was a Roman general, brother-in-law of the emperor Caligula and father-in-law of Domitian. Loyal and honorable to the end, Corbulo's devotion towards his country was such that, when his emperor ordered him to commit suicide, he fell on his own sword, saying, ""Axios!"", 
Noto Peninsula  is a peninsula that projects north into the Sea of Japan from the coast of Ishikawa Prefecture in central Honshū, the main island of Japan. The main industries of the peninsula are agriculture, fisheries, and tourism.
The Democratic Social Movement  is a Greek democratic socialist political party. The party was founded in 1995 by Dimitris Tsovolas and several ex-members of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement , the then ruling social-democratic party.
Estelle Morris, Baroness Morris of Yardley, PC (born 17 June 1952) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament  for Birmingham Yardley from 1992 to 2005, and served briefly in the Cabinet as Education Secretary.
Julianna Luisa Margulies (; born June 8, 1966) is an American actress and producer. After several small television roles, Margulies achieved wide recognition for her role as Carol Hathaway on NBC's long-running medical drama "ER", for which she won an Emmy Award. 
Ithiel Town (October 3, 1784 – June 13, 1844) was a prominent American architect and civil engineer. One of the first generation of professional architects in the United States, Town made significant contributions to American architecture in the first half of the 19th century. His work, in the Federal and revivalist Greek and Gothic revival architectural styles, was influential and widely copied.
NABI Bus, LLC  was a manufacturer of heavy-duty transit buses with its headquarters, bus manufacturing and assembly operations, located in Anniston, Alabama. Its products ranged from 31-feet to 60-feet in length, and were sold to operators throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. NABI's U.S. operations also include an aftermarket parts division in Delaware, Ohio , and an after-sales service center at Mira Loma, California.
WNYC is the trademark, and a set of call letters shared by a pair of non-profit, noncommercial, public radio stations located in New York City and owned by New York Public Radio, a nonprofit organization that did business as WNYC RADIO until March 2013.
Keith Sinjohn Joseph, Baron Joseph, (17 January 1918 – 10 December 1994), known as Sir Keith Joseph, 2nd Baronet, for most of his political life, was a British barrister and politician. A member of the Conservative Party, he served in the Cabinet under four prime ministers: Harold Macmillan, Sir Alec Douglas-Home, Edward Heath and Margaret Thatcher. 
William Lewis Safir (December 17, 1929 – September 27, 2009), better known as William Safire , was an American author, columnist, journalist, and presidential speechwriter.
The Kent and East Sussex Railway  refers to both an historical private railway company in Kent and East Sussex in England, as well as a heritage railway currently running on part of the route of the historical company.
The Electronic Industries Alliance (EIA; until 1997 Electronic Industries Association) was a standards and trade organization composed as an alliance of trade associations for electronics manufacturers in the United States. They developed standards to ensure the equipment of different manufacturers was compatible and interchangeable. 
Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle (; 22 October 1818 – 17 July 1894) was a French poet of the Parnassian movement. He is traditionally known by his surname only, Leconte de Lisle".
Theoderic (, , ; – January 17, 1168), commonly known as Thierry of Alsace, was the fifteenth count of Flanders from 1128 to 1168. He was the youngest son of Duke Theoderic II of Lorraine and Gertrude of Flanders . 
Baldwin V of Flanders (c. 1012 – 1 September 1067) was Count of Flanders from 1035 until his death.
McCain Foods Limited is a Canadian multi-national privately owned company established in 1957 in Florenceville, New Brunswick, Canada. It is the world's largest manufacturer of frozen potato products. Its major competitors are Simplot and ConAgra.
Clarice Lispector (December 10, 1920December 9, 1977) was a Brazilian novelist and short story writer acclaimed internationally for her innovative novels and short stories. Born to a Jewish family in Podolia in Western Ukraine, as an infant she moved to Brazil with her family, amidst the disasters engulfing her native land following the First World War.
Henry Kuttner (April 7, 1915 – February 3, 1958) was an American author of science fiction, fantasy and horror.
Antoni Zygmund (December 25, 1900 – May 30, 1992) was a Polish mathematician. His main area of interest was harmonic analysis, and he is considered one of the greatest analysts of the 20th century. Zygmund was responsible for creating the Chicago school of mathematical analysis together with his doctoral student Alberto Calderón, for which he was awarded the National Medal of Science in 1986.
Ferdinand Freiligrath (17 June 1810 – 18 March 1876) was a German poet, translator and liberal agitator, who is considered part of the Young Germany movement.
The Hellenic Air Force  is the air force of Greece with ‘Hellenic’ being a synonym for ‘Greek’ in the Greek language. During the period of monarchy between 1935–1973 the force was known as the Royal Hellenic Air Force  .
Sarah Josepha Buell Hale (October 24, 1788 – April 30, 1879) was an American writer and an influential editor. She was the author of the nursery rhyme "Mary Had a Little Lamb". Hale famously campaigned for the creation of the American holiday known as Thanksgiving, and for the completion of the Bunker Hill Monument.
Peter Doherty (born 12 March 1979) is an English musician, songwriter, actor, poet, writer, and artist. He is best known for being co-frontman of The Libertines, which he formed with Carl Barât in 1997. 
Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra Al-Haj ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdul Hamid Halim Shah,  ; (8 February 1903 – 6 December 1990) was a Malaysian statesman who served as Malaysia's head of government from 1955 to 1970. He was the first Chief Minister of the Federation of Malaya from 1955 to 1957, before becoming Malaya's first Prime Minister after independence in 1957. 
Sidney Arthur Lumet ( ; June 25, 1924 – April 9, 2011) was an American director, producer, and screenwriter with over 50 films to his credit. He was nominated five times for the Academy Award: four for Best Director for "12 Angry Men" (1957), "Dog Day Afternoon" (1975), "Network" (1976), and "The Verdict" (1982) and one for Best Adapted Screenplay for "Prince of the City" (1981). 
Ron Rifkin (born October 31, 1939 as Saul M. Rifkin) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Arvin Sloane on the spy drama "Alias", Saul Holden on the American family drama "Brothers & Sisters", and District Attorney Ellis Loew in Curtis Hanson's Oscar winning film "L.A. Confidential".
Susan Meiselas (born June 21, 1948) is an American documentary photographer. She has been associated with Magnum Photos since 1976 and been a full member since 1980. 
Lydia Maria Francis Child  (February 11, 1802October 20, 1880), was an American abolitionist, women's rights activist, Native American rights activist, novelist, journalist, and opponent of American expansionism.
John Francis Reed (born November 12, 1949) is an American politician serving as the senior United States Senator from Rhode Island, a seat he was first elected to in 1996. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously was the U.S. Representative for from 1991 to 1997. Reed graduated from the United States Military Academy and Harvard University, serving in the U.S. Army as an active officer from 1971 to 1979.
Sextus Aurelius Victor (c. 320 – c. 390) was a historian and politician of the Roman Empire.
Manuel Deodoro da Fonseca (; 5 August 1827 – 23 August 1892) was a Brazilian politician and military officer who served as the first President of Brazil. He took office after heading a military coup that deposed Emperor Pedro II and proclaimed the Republic in 1889, disestablishing the Empire, and stepped down little more than two years later, in 1891, under great political pressure. 
Moncalieri  is a town and "comune" of 57,518 inhabitants (31 March 2018) about directly south of downtown Turin , in Piedmont, Italy. It is notable for its castle, built in the 12th century and enlarged in the 15th century, which later became the favorite residence of Maria Clotilde and Victor Emmanuel II of Italy. It is part of the World Heritage Site "Residences of the Royal House of Savoy".
Barbara Ann Mikulski (born July 20, 1936) is an American politician who served as a United States Senator from Maryland from 1987 to 2017. A member of the Democratic Party, she also served in the United States House of Representatives from 1977 to 1987. 
Prince Jahandar Shah was born in Deccan Subah to the later Emperor Bahadur Shah I. His mother was Nizam Bai, the daughter of Fatehyawar Jang, a noble from Hyderabad.
Football Club Groningen  is a Dutch professional football club based in Groningen. The club plays in the Eredivisie, the highest football league of the Netherlands.
Roslindale is a primarily residential neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, bordered by Jamaica Plain, Hyde Park, West Roxbury and Mattapan. 
Unsuk Chin ( ; born July 14, 1961) is a South Korean composer of classical music, who is based in Berlin, Germany. Chin began her journey with music at a fairly young age, as she taught herself how to play the piano and music theory. 
TAT is a rock/punk band hailing from London.
Anna Alexandrovna Vyrubova ; 16 July 1884 – 20 July 1964) was a Russian lady-in-waiting, the best friend and confidante of Tsaritsa Alexandra Fyodorovna.
Pertica Alta  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. A neighbouring commune is Pertica Bassa.
Costa Serina  is a "comune" in the province of Bergamo, in Lombardy, northern Italy. Neighbouring communes are Algua, Aviatico, Bracca, Cornalba, Gazzaniga, Serina, Vertova and Zogno.
The Paroo River, a series of waterholes, connected in wet weather as a running stream of the Darling catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the South West region of Queensland and Far West region of New South Wales, Australia. It is the home of the Paarkantji people.
Annihilator is a Canadian thrash metal band founded in 1984 by guitarist Jeff Waters and vocalist John Bates. They are the highest-selling thrash metal group from Canada in Canadian history, having sold more than three million albums worldwide, although most of their sales have been generated outside the band's home country. Along with Sacrifice, Voivod and Razor, Annihilator is credited as one of the "Big 4" of Canadian thrash metal.
Janet Flanner (March 13, 1892 – November 7, 1978) was an American writer and journalist who served as the Paris correspondent of "The New Yorker" magazine from 1925 until she retired in 1975. She wrote under the pen name "Genêt". 
Raymond Urgel Lemieux, CC, AOE, FRS (June 16, 1920 – July 22, 2000) was a Canadian organic chemist, who pioneered a number of discoveries in the field of chemistry, his first and most famous being the synthesis of sucrose. His contributions include the discovery of the anomeric effect and the development of general methodologies for the synthesis of saccharides still employed in the area of carbohydrate chemistry. He was a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada and the Royal Society , and a recipient of the prestigious Albert Einstein World Award of Science and Wolf Prize in Chemistry.
The Turkish Naval Forces , or Turkish Navy  is the naval warfare service branch of the Turkish Armed Forces.
Ernest William Chambers (born July 10, 1937) is an American politician who represents North Omaha's 11th District in the Nebraska State Legislature.
Lars Saabye Christensen, (born 21 September 1953 in Oslo) is a Norwegian/Danish author.
Lucien Georges Mazan (18 October 1882 – 20 December 1917) was a French racing cyclist .
California College of the Arts  is an art, design, architecture, and writing school with two campuses in California, one in San Francisco and one in Oakland. Founded in 1907, it enrolls approximately 1,500 undergraduates and 500 graduate students.
Ricardo Anthony Clark (born February 10, 1983) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Major League Soccer club Columbus Crew SC. He previously played for MetroStars, San Jose Earthquakes, Houston Dynamo, Eintracht Frankfurt, and Stabæk. Clark has appeared for the United States national team.
Plouay  is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.
The Advertising Council, commonly known as the Ad Council, is an American nonprofit organization that produces, distributes, and promotes public service announcements on behalf of various sponsors, including nonprofit organizations, non-governmental organizations and agencies of the United States government.
Friedrich Conrad Hornemann (September 15, 1772 – February 1801) was a German explorer in Africa.
Prevalle  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. Neighbouring communes are Nuvolento, Paitone, Gavardo, Calvagese della Riviera, Muscoline and Bedizzole.
Mikhail Markovich Gruzenberg, known by the alias Borodin (9 July 1884 – 29 May 1951), was a Bolshevik revolutionary and Communist International  agent. He was an advisor to Sun Yat-sen and the Kuomintang  in China during the 1920s.
James Whitman "Jim" McLamore (May 30, 1926 – August 9, 1996) was known for his role in the expansion of the Burger King fast food franchise along with David Edgerton. McLamore attended Northfield Mount Hermon School before matriculating at Cornell University.
Ernest James Renshaw (3 January 1861 – 2 September 1899) was an English tennis player who was active in the late 19th century.
Rezzato  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. It is bounded by the comunes of Brescia, Botticino, Castenedolo, Mazzano and Nuvolera.
The East Neuk  or East Neuk of Fife is an area of the coast of Fife, Scotland.
Aumale, formerly known as Albemarle, is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France. It lies on the river Bresle.
Martha Wainwright (born May 8, 1976) is a Canadian-American folk-rock singer-songwriter. She is the daughter of American folk singer and actor Loudon Wainwright III and Canadian folk singer-songwriter Kate McGarrigle. She was raised in a musical family along with her older brother, Rufus Wainwright, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Combourg  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
The Geologists Range is a mountain range about long, standing between the heads of Lucy and Nimrod Glaciers in Antarctica. Seen by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition  (1961–62) and named to commemorate the work of geologists in Antarctic exploration.
Loyalist College  is an English-language college in Belleville, Ontario, Canada.
Arnaldo Dante Momigliano, KBE (5 September 1908 – 1 September 1987) was an Italian historian known for his work in historiography, characterised by Donald Kagan as "the world's leading student of the writing of history in the ancient world".
Suakin or Sawakin  is a port city in northeastern Sudan, on the west coast of the Red Sea, it was formerly the region's chief port, but is now secondary to Port Sudan, about north. 
Reynolds Group Holdings is a New Zealand based packaging company with roots in the former Reynolds Metals Company, which was the second-largest aluminum company in the United States, and the third-largest in the world. Reynolds Metals was acquired by Alcoa in 
Benguela  is a city in western Angola, south of Luanda, and capital of Benguela Province. It lies on a bay of the same name, in 12° 33’ S., 13° 25’ E. Benguela is one of Angola's most populous cities.
Hendrik Willem Mesdag (23 February 1831 – 10 July 1915) was a Dutch marine painter.
William McNulty Brodhead (born September 12, 1941) is a lawyer and former politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Defence Force Football Club is a football club based in Chaguaramas, Trinidad and Tobago that currently plays in the country's TT Pro League. The team plays its home games in Hasely Crawford Stadium in Mucurapo, Trinidad.
The Motueka River is located in the north of the South Island of New Zealand and is a popular tourist destination for watersports and fishing. The Motueka flows from the mountains 40 km west of the city of Nelson in the southeast of the catchment and flows north to the Tasman Bay.
Sainte-Foy-la-Longue is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Hugh John McDonald (born December 28, 1950) is an American musician who is best known for his session work and for being the current bass guitarist of American rock band Bon Jovi, which he joined as an unofficial member in November 1994, before becoming an official member in 2016. Before joining Bon Jovi, he was the bass guitarist for the David Bromberg Band, touring extensively worldwide and playing on many Bromberg albums. He has played with many other artists, both live and in the studio, and has recorded with Willie Nelson, Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora, Steve Goodman, Ringo Starr, Lita Ford, Michael Bolton, Cher, Alice Cooper, Ricky Martin, Michael Bublé, Bret Michaels, others and did a few dates during Shania Twain's the Woman in Me TV tour.
Amen Corner were a Welsh rock group, formed in late 1966 in Cardiff, Wales.
Brujas F.C. was a Costa Rican football club, based in Desamparados, Costa Rica.
Tony Rominger (born 27 March 1961 in Vejle, Denmark) is a Swiss former professional road racing cyclist who won the Vuelta a España in 1992, 1993 and 1994 and the Giro d'Italia in 1995.
The Neptune Range is a mountain range, long, lying WSW of Forrestal Range in the central part of the Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica. The range is composed of Washington Escarpment with its associated ridges, valleys and peaks, the Iroquois Plateau, and the Schmidt and Williams Hills. 
The Kaikoura Ranges are two parallel ranges of mountains located in the northeast of the South Island of New Zealand. The two ranges are visible from a great distance, including from the southern coast of the North Island.
Podolsk  is an industrial city, center of Podolsk Urban Okrug, Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Pakhra River . Population: 187,961 (2010 Census); 180,963 (2002 Census); 209,178 (1989 Census); 183,000 (1974); 129,000 (1959); 72,000 (1939).
Raymond VII (July 1197 – 27 September 1249) was Count of Toulouse, Duke of Narbonne and Marquis of Provence from 1222 until his death. 
Robert Patterson Lamont (December 1, 1867February 20, 1948) was United States Secretary of Commerce March 5, 1929 to August 7, 1932 during the administration of Herbert Hoover. He was commerce secretary during difficult times for commerce, as a result of the Great Depression.
Fulk II of Anjou (c. 905 — 960), called  was Count of Anjou from 942 to his death.
General Charles Foulkes, (3 January 1903 – 12 September 1969) was a British-Canadian soldier, and an officer of The Royal Canadian Regiment.
New Eltham is an area of south east London, in the London Boroughs of Greenwich and Bexley. It lies south east of Eltham and north west of Sidcup.
The Allgemeine SS  was a major branch of the "Schutzstaffel"  paramilitary forces of Nazi Germany, and it was managed by the SS Main Office . The "Allgemeine SS" was officially established in the autumn of 1934 to distinguish its members from the "SS-Verfügungstruppe" , which later became the Waffen-SS, and the "SS-Totenkopfverbände" , which were in charge of the Nazi concentration camps and extermination camps, where millions were killed.
Biola University  is a private, evangelical Christian university located approximately 16 miles (26 km) from downtown Los Angeles, in La Mirada, California. Founded in 1908, the university has over 150 programs of study in nine schools.
Kevin Nealon (; born November 18, 1953) is an American comedian and actor. He was a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 1986 to 1995, acted in several of the Happy Madison films, played Doug Wilson on the Showtime series "Weeds", and provided the voice of the title character, Glenn Martin, on "Glenn Martin, DDS".
Ratan Naval Tata, GBE (born 28 
Tillicoultry  is a town in Clackmannanshire, Scotland.
Poul Hartling (14 August 1914 – 30 April 2000) was a Danish politician and diplomat. He was a leader of the Liberal Party and served as Prime Minister of Denmark from 1973 to 1975 in the Cabinet of Poul Hartling.
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C., commonly referred to as Ascoli, is an Italian football club based in Ascoli Piceno, Marche. The club was formed in 1898 and currently play in Serie B, having returned to it after two seasons spent in Serie A and eight in Serie B. Ascoli played in Serie A during the periods 1974–1976, 1978–1985, 1986–1990, 1991–1992, and 2005–2007.
Matthew Taylor (born October 17, 1981) is an American soccer player who currently is on a free agent.
The University of Lynchburg is a private university associated with the Christian Church  and located in Lynchburg, Virginia. It has approximately 2,800 undergraduate and graduate students.
Marcus Dell Gastineau (born November 20, 1956) is a former American football player who was a defensive end for the New York Jets from 1979 to 1988. A five-time Pro Bowler, he was one the quickest and most feared pass rushers of his generation. Gastineau was ranked the 8th greatest pass rusher in NFL History on NFL Network's Top 10 Pass Rushers.
Carole Bouquet (born 18 August 1957) is a French actress and fashion model, who has appeared in more than 50 films since 1977. She played Bond girl Melina Havelock in the 1981 James Bond film "For Your Eyes Only". In 1990, she was awarded the César Award for Best Actress for her role in "Too Beautiful for You".
Charles Auguste Émile Durand, known as Carolus-Duran (Lille 4 July 1837 – 17 February 1917 Paris), was a French painter and art instructor. 
Theodor Severin Kittelsen (27 April 1857 – 21 January 1914) was a Norwegian artist. He is one of the most popular artists in Norway. 
Richard Davis "Dick" Winters (January 21, 1918January 2, 2011) was an officer of the United States Army and a decorated war veteran. He is best known for commanding Easy Company of the 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, part of the 101st Airborne Division, during World War II. 
Maksim Mrvica (; born 3 May 1975) is a Croatian pianist. He plays classical crossover music.
South Elmsall is a small town and civil parish which lies to the east of Hemsworth in the City of Wakefield in West Yorkshire, England. The town had a population in 2001 of 6,107, increasing to 6,519 at the 2011 Census.
Arrecife  is a city and municipality in the Canary Islands  situated in the centre-east of the island of Lanzarote, of which it has been the capital since 1852. The city owes its name to the rock reef  which covers the beach located in the city. 
San Sosti  is a "comune" in the province of Cosenza, in Calabria.
Daniel David Boren (born August 2, 1973) is a retired American politician, who served as the U.S. Representative for from 2005 to 2013. The district includes most of the eastern part of the state outside of Tulsa. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
The Rangitata River is one of the braided rivers that helped form the Canterbury Plains in southern New Zealand. It flows southeast for from the Southern Alps, entering the Pacific Ocean northeast of Timaru. 
Yasmin Le Bon (née Parvaneh; born 29 October 1964) is an English model. Le Bon was one of the highest earning models during the 1980s, and known for being the wife of Simon Le Bon.
Gladstone  is a small rural town in the Mid North of South Australia in the approach to the lower Flinders Ranges. At the 2006 census, Gladstone had a population of 629.
The Iraqi Islamic Party is the largest Sunni Islamist political party in Iraq as well as the most prominent member of the Iraqi Accord Front political coalition. It was part of the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki and is part of the current government of Haider al-Abadi since 2014. Osama Tawfiq al-Tikriti succeeded Vice-President Tariq al-Hashimi as the party's secretary-general on 24 May 2009, who was succeeded in July 2011 by Ayad al-Samarrai.
Doberlug-Kirchhain is a town in the district of Elbe-Elster, Brandenburg, Germany. 
Alessandro "Billy" Costacurta (; born 24 April 1966) is an Italian football manager and a former professional defender, who usually played as a centre back.
Adbelahide or Adele or Adelaide of Aquitaine  (c. 945 or 952 – 1004), was queen consort of France by marriage to Hugh Capet.
The Kouchibouguac River is a river in eastern New Brunswick, Canada, which empties into the Northumberland Strait. It is 72 kilometres (44.7 mi) long. 
Arthur Augustus William Harry Ponsonby, 1st Baron Ponsonby of Shulbrede (16 February 1871 – 23 March 1946), was a British politician, writer, and social activist. He was the third son of Sir Henry Ponsonby, Private Secretary to Queen Victoria, and the great-grandson of The 3rd Earl of Bessborough. 
Elizabethtown College  is a private, non-profit residential college in Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania.
Immingham is a town, civil parish and ward in the North East Lincolnshire unitary authority of England. It is situated on the south-west bank of the Humber Estuary, and is north-west from Grimsby.
Wayne Corporation was a manufacturer of buses and other vehicles under the "Wayne" marque. The corporate headquarters were in Richmond, Indiana, in Wayne County, Indiana, in the United States. 
Saint Paul College is a public community college in Saint Paul, Minnesota. It is part of the Minnesota State Colleges and University System. The college offers associate degree programs, and certificate & diploma programs.
Louisiana State University Eunice  is a public junior college in Eunice, Louisiana. It is the only junior college associated with the Louisiana State University System. 
Colonel Gail Seymour "Hal" Halvorsen (born October 10, 1920) is a retired officer and command pilot in the United States Air Force. He is best known as the "Berlin Candy Bomber" or "Uncle Wiggly Wings" and gained fame for dropping candy to German children during the Berlin Airlift from 1948 to 1949. 
TV4 Fakta is a Swedish documentary television channel owned by the TV4 Group. It started broadcasting in 2005.
The Honor System was an American punk rock band from Chicago, Illinois, formed in 1999 by Dan Hanaway and Rob DePaola, after the breakup of their previous band The Broadways. The band briefly featured future Rise Against frontman Tim McIlrath as a bassist. 
Francis Thomas Baring, 6th Baron Northbrook (born 21 February 1954), is a British peer and Conservative politician. 
William I, Duke of Bavaria-Straubing (Frankfurt am Main, 12 May 1330 – 15 April 1389, Le Quesnoy), was the second son of Emperor Louis IV and Margaret II of Hainaut. He was also known as William V, Count of Holland, as William III, Count of Hainaut and as William IV, Count of Zeeland.
KBJR-TV is a dual NBC/CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Superior, Wisconsin, United States, serving northwestern Wisconsin and northeastern Minnesota, including Duluth. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 19 (or virtual channel 6 via PSIP) from a transmitter west of downtown Duluth in Hilltop Park. 
Marina South is a planning area located within the Central Area of the Central Region of Singapore. It is largely home to Gardens by the Bay as well as the Marina Barrage. 
Aniceto Lacson y Ledesma (April 17, 1857 in Molo, Iloilo, Philippines – February 3, 1931 in Talisay, Negros Occidental, Philippines) was a Filipino revolutionary general, sugar baron, and businessman. He is notable for leading the Negros Revolution along with Juan Araneta, and for being the President of the short-lived Republic of Negros.
WGR ("WGR Sports Radio 550") is an all sports radio station in Buffalo, New York that broadcasts on 550 AM. It is the flagship station of the Buffalo Bills and Buffalo Sabres, carrying a mostly locally originated sports talk and play-by-play lineup. Owned by Entercom, its studios are located on Corporate Parkway in Amherst, while its transmitter is located at a four-tower array in Hamburg, New York.
WLDB (93.3 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States, broadcasting on 93.3 FM. Owned and operated by the Milwaukee Radio Alliance, a partnership between Shamrock Communications and All Pro Broadcasting, WLDB airs an adult contemporary music format branded as "B93.3". 
CBS Home Entertainment  is the home entertainment arm of CBS Corporation.
WZTI (1290 AM) is a radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin that currently airs an oldies format. The station is owned by the Milwaukee Radio Alliance, a partnership between Times-Shamrock Communications and All-Pro Broadcasting, along with sister stations WLUM-FM and WLDB. Its studios are located in Menomonee Falls and the transmitter site is in Franklin.
Alexey Petrovich Maresyev (; 20 May 1916 – 19 May 2001) was a Soviet fighter ace during World War II.
Herry is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Moimacco  is small a town in the province of Udine, situated a few kilometres west of Cividale del Friuli, above sea level, in the north-east corner of Italy.
Conrad II Otto (; – 9 September 1191), a member of Přemyslid dynasty, was the first Margrave of Moravia from 1182 to 1189 and Duke of Bohemia from 1189 until his death.
Zulfiya Khasanovna Zabirova (; born 19 December 1973) is a Russian professional cycle racer who won the Gold medal in the time trial event in the 1996 Olympics and later, in 2002, won the World Time Trial Championship.
Pedro Antonio Troglio (born 28 July 1965 in Luján, Buenos Aires) is a retired Argentine football player and was manager of Gimnasia La Plata three times.
Manuel de Pedrolo i Molina (; 1918 – 1990) was an author of novels, short stories, poetry and plays. He's mostly known for his sci-fi novel "Mecanoscrit del segon origen" .
Abu Mena  was a town, monastery complex and Christian pilgrimage centre in Late Antique Egypt, about southwest of Alexandria. Its remains were designated a World Heritage Site in 1979. 
Meisenthal  is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.
Fulk the Venerable (died June 17, 900) was the Archbishop of Reims from 883 until his death. He was the chief opponent of the non-Carolingian king of France, Odo, in the last quarter of the 9th century. He was the brother of Anscar I, Margrave of Ivrea
António José da Conceição Oliveira (born 14 October 1946), known as Toni , is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a midfielder, and is a coach.
KBUA 94.3 FM, San Fernando, California, KBUE 105.5 FM, Long Beach, California, and KEBN 94.3 FM, Garden Grove, California, are a trimulcast comprising Que Buena 105.5/94.3 FM, a Spanish language regional Mexican music station owned by Liberman Broadcasting.
Fantasy Flight Games  is a game company based in Roseville, Minnesota, United States, that creates and publishes role-playing, board, and card games.
Villepinte is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris.
Austrian Airlines AG, sometimes shortened to Austrian, is the flag carrier of Austria and a subsidiary of the Lufthansa Group. The airline is headquartered on the grounds of Vienna International Airport in Schwechat where it also maintains its hub. 
Allan Marquand (1853–1924) was an art historian at Princeton University and a curator of the Princeton University Art Museum.
Aranga is a municipality in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain in the province of A Coruña with an area of 120.49 km² (46.52 mi²), population of 2,181 inhabitants (INE, 2008). It is situated in the comarca of Betanzos.
Mohamed Abdullah Zidan (; born 11 December 1981) is an Egyptian former footballer, He played as a striker, featuring in the Bundesliga for Mainz 05, SV Werder Bremen, Hamburger SV and Borussia Dortmund. During his time with Mainz he became the only player in the history of the Bundesliga to score in each of his first six games with his new club. 
Zuheir Mohsen (; 1936 – 25 July 1979) was a Palestinian leader of the pro-Syria as-Sa'iqa faction of the Palestine Liberation Organization  between 1971 and 1979. Previously active as a refugee in the Jordanian wing of the Ba'ath Party, he was chosen for this position after defense minister Hafez al-Assad's 1969–70 takeover in Syria, which he had supported against the previously dominant government of Salah Jadid. 
HSBC Finance Corporation is a financial services company and a member of the British HSBC Group. It is the sixth-largest issuer of MasterCard and Visa credit cards in the United States. 
Menai Bay is located on the southwestern coast of Unguja island , in the Zanzibar Archipelago in Tanzania.
Moneron Island,  is a small island off Sakhalin Island.
Arlesey Town Football Club is a football club based in Arlesey, Bedfordshire, England. Affiliated to the Bedfordshire County Football Association, they are currently members of the and play at Hitchin Road.
KGBY, virtual channel 20 (VHF digital channel 7), is a Cozi TV-affiliated television station licensed to Grand Junction, Colorado, United States and serving Colorado's Western Slope region. The station is owned by the Chang Media Group. 
CBVE-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts the programming of the CBC Radio One network at 104.7 FM in Quebec City, Quebec. The station's main transmitter is located at Mount Bélair. 
His Highness Sheikh Abu Abdullah Sabah I bin Jaber Al Sabah  (c. 1700 – 1762) was the first ruler of Kuwait. The official Kuwaiti history states that he was unanimously chosen for the position of sheikh.
Roman Sergeyevich Kostomarov (, born 8 February 1977) is a Russian ice dancer. With partner Tatiana Navka, he is the 2006 Olympic champion, two-time World champion (2004–05), three-time Grand Prix Final champion (2003–05), and three-time European champion (2004–06).
The Young Egypt Party  is an Egyptian political party.
Nikolaos Machlas (, born 16 June 1973) is a Greek retired footballer and chairman of OFI Crete. He finished his career as a striker for Cypriot team APOEL.
Jasem Mohammed Ibrahim Al Huwaidi (, born 28 October 1972 in Kuwait City) is a retired Kuwaiti footballer who played as a forward.
Gopalganj is a city in Gopalgonj District in the Dhaka Division of Bangladesh.
Nanos Research  is a Canadian public opinion and research company established in 1987. 
Viscount was a Japanese politician, diplomat, cabinet minister, and second Japanese Resident-General of Korea.
Bouc-Bel-Air is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France. It is situated between Marseille, Gardanne and Aix-en-Provence. The old village is located at the summit of a small hill .
Rusinga Island, with an elongated shape approximately 10 miles (16 km) from end to end and 3 miles (5 km) at its widest point, lies in the eastern part of Lake Victoria at the mouth of the Winam Gulf. Part of Kenya, it is linked to Mbita Point on the mainland by a causeway.
The Gasconade River is about long and is located in central and south-central Missouri in the United States.
Samuel Lloyd IV (born November 12, 1963) is an American character actor, a capella singer, and musician, best known for his portrayal of lawyer Ted Buckland on the American comedy-drama "Scrubs".
Waldemar Sorychta (born 1967) is a Polish heavy metal musician, songwriter, producer and artist who lives in Dortmund, Germany since 1982.
Harry S. Truman (May 8, 1884 – December 26, 1972) was the 33rd president of the United States from 1945 to 1953, succeeding upon the death of Franklin D. Roosevelt after serving as vice president. He implemented the Marshall Plan to rebuild the economy of Western Europe, and established the Truman Doctrine and NATO.
Varese Calcio, commonly referred to as Varese, is an Italian football club based in Varese, Lombardy. It currently plays in Serie D. It was founded as Varese Football Club [sic] on 22 March 1910. 
Matthew Halliday (born 14 July 1979) is a motor racing driver. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand.
Che Lei Pai  is an island in Tolo Channel in the northeastern New Territories of Hong Kong. The island is north of Pak Kok Chai and south of Fu Tau Sha. It is under the administration of the Tai Po District.
CFGX-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at 99.9 FM in Sarnia, Ontario. The station broadcasts a current/recurrent-based hot adult contemporary format with the brand name The Fox. Its main competitors are WGRT and WBTI.
CKSA-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 95.9 FM in Lloydminster. The station currently plays a country music format, with the on-air moniker Real Country 95.9 and was owned by Newcap Radio until they were bought out by Stingray Digital.
CBKA-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting the CBC Radio One network at 105.9 FM in La Ronge, Saskatchewan.
Riccardo Cocciante (; born 20 February 1946), also known in French-speaking countries and the U.S. as Richard Cocciante , is an Italian singer, composer, theatre man and musician.
Walter Jakob Gehring (20 March 1939 – 29 May 2014) was a Swiss developmental biologist who was a professor at the Biozentrum Basel of the University of Basel, Switzerland. He obtained his PhD at the University of Zurich in 1965 and after two years as a research assistant of Professor Ernst Hadorn he joined Professor Alan Garen's group at Yale University in New Haven as a postdoctoral fellow.
Karita Bekkemellem (born 15 January 1965 in Lillehammer) is a Norwegian politician. She belongs to the Norwegian Labour Party, where she leads the women's network.
Tartarus Press is an independent book publisher based near Leyburn, Yorkshire, UK.
Andreas "Andi" Deris (born 18 August 1964) is a German singer and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist of power metal band Helloween, and co-founder and former lead singer of German melodic metal band Pink Cream 69. He has an active solo career, as well as his own recording studio in Tenerife.
Hugo Geronimo Fregonese (April 8, 1908 in Mendoza – January 11, 1987 in Tigre) was an Argentine film director and screenwriter who worked both in Hollywood and his home country.
Egeskov Castle  is located near Kværndrup, in the south of the island of Funen, Denmark. The castle is Europe's best preserved Renaissance water castle.
The National University of East Timor , based in the East Timorese capital Dili, is the major institution of higher education in East Timor.
The Party of Socialists and Democrats  is a social-democratic and democratic socialist political party in San Marino. It is a member of the Socialist International, and its current-day Italian counterpart is the Democratic Party.
Co-operative Retail Services  was the second-largest consumer co-operative society in the United Kingdom. In 2000, it was dissolved by its members, merging with the larger Co-operative Wholesale Society, to form the Co-operative Group  Ltd.
The Republic of Kosova  was a self-declared proto-state in 1992. During its peak, it tried to establish its own parallel political institutions in opposition to the institutions of the Autonomous Province of Kosovo and Metohija held by the Republic of Serbia.
Partido de Unión Nacional Saharaui  was a short-lived political party set up by Francoist Spain to rally indigenous support in its rebellious Spanish Sahara colony .
Emperor Jingzong of Liao (1 September 948 – 13 October 982), personal name Yelü Xian, courtesy name Xianning, was the fifth emperor of the Khitan-led Liao dynasty.
Pamela Jayne Soles (née Hardon; born July 17, 1950) is a German-born American actress. She made her film debut in 1976 as Norma Watson in Brian De Palma's "Carrie" (1976) before portraying Lynda van der Klok in John Carpenter's "Halloween" (1978) and Riff Randell in Allan Arkush's "Rock 'n' Roll High School" (1979).
CHFA-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts the programming of Radio-Canada's Ici Radio-Canada Première network in Edmonton, Alberta.
Amr Shabana  (born 20 July 1979 in Cairo) is a former professional squash player from Egypt. He won the World Open in 2003, 2005, 2007 and 2009, and reached the World No. 1 ranking in 2006.
Klaus von Dohnanyi (born 23 June 1928) is a German politician . He served as Mayor of Hamburg between 1981 and 1988.
Mill Creek is a tributary stream of the South Branch Potomac River, belonging to the Potomac River and Chesapeake Bay watersheds. The stream is located in Hampshire County in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. Mill Creek flows into the South Branch west of Romney Bridge near Vanderlip along the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50).
The Nottoway River is in southern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina. It is part of the Chowan River system, which flows into Albemarle Sound in North Carolina.
Pimmit Run is a stream in northern Virginia that runs from Fairfax County to the Potomac River at Chain Bridge in the Arlingwood neighborhood of Arlington.
The Hankook Tire & Technology group  Korea"", also known simply as Hankook and stylised наnкоок) is a South Korean tire company. Based in Seoul, South Korea, the Hankook Tire & Technology group is the 7th largest tire company in the world.
Rie Rasmussen (born 14 February 1978) is a Danish actress, film director, writer, model, and photographer.
Nikolay Nikolayevich Urvantsev (; – 20 February 1985) was a Soviet geologist and explorer. He was born in the town of Lukoyanov of Nizhny Novgorod Governorate, Russian Empire to the family of a merchant. 
Standard Chartered Korea  is a banking and financial services company headquartered in Seoul, South Korea and a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered. It was created by the acquisition of the former Korea First Bank by Standard Chartered in 2005.
Rudy Carlton Gay Jr. (born August 17, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association . The 6'8" small forward played college basketball for the University of Connecticut before being drafted eighth overall in the 2006 NBA draft by the Houston Rockets; he was traded to the Memphis Grizzlies days later.
Evandale is a historic town in northern Tasmania, Australia. It sits on the banks of the South Esk River, 18 km south of Launceston. 
The Mississippi Sheiks were a popular and influential American guitar and fiddle group of the 1930s. They were notable mostly for playing country blues but were adept at many styles of popular music of the time. In 2004, they were inducted into the Mississippi Musicians Hall of Fame.
Natallia Safronnikava , née Vinogradova (born February 28, 1973) is a Belarusian sprinter, who mainly competes in the 200 metres.
The Imperial and Royal or Imperial Austrian Army  was strictly speaking, the armed force of the Holy Roman Empire under its last monarch, the Habsburg Emperor Francis II, although in reality, it was nearly all composed of the Habsburg army. When the Holy Roman Empire was dissolved in 1806, it assumed its title of the Army of the Austrian Empire under the same monarch, now known as Emperor Francis I of Austria.
Serhiy Gonchar (; born 3 July 1970) is a Ukrainian former professional road racing cyclist. He is a former world time trial champion (2000).
Paul Joseph Otto Johansson (born January 26, 1964) is an American actor and director in film and television, best known for playing Dan Scott on the WB/CW series, "One Tree Hill", and for his role as Nick Wolfe on the short lived "" spin-off "". He directed the 2011 film adaptation of Ayn Rand's novel, "".
Chevilly is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Alexandre Mouton (November 19, 1804 – February 12, 1885) was a United States Senator and the 11th Governor of Louisiana.
Sandur State   was a small princely state of India during the British Raj, part of the Madras States Agency. Its capital was the town of Sanduru.
San Francisco Fútbol Club is a professional football team located in La Chorrera, Panamá, that plays in Liga Panameña de Fútbol, the top Panamanian football league. It has been in the top flight of Panamanian football every year since 1988, when Panama's first professional league was organized. The club plays its games in Estadio Agustín Sánchez.
Allstedt  is a town in the district of Mansfeld-Südharz, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is situated approximatively 10 km southeast of Sangerhausen.
The Aksu , is a river in Antalya Province , which rises in the mountains of Toros. The course of the Aksu is between the Düden to the west and of the Köprüçay to the east.
KTVL, virtual and VHF digital channel 10, is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Medford, Oregon, United States. The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group. 
Sarigan is an uninhabited volcanic island in the Pacific Ocean. It is part of the Northern Mariana Islands, a U.S. territory. Sarigan is located northeast of Anatahan island, south of Guguan and north of Saipan, the largest island in the Northern Marianas.
Arlington Municipal Airport is a public airport located three miles (5 km) southwest of the central business district of Arlington, a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. It is owned and operated by the City of Arlington.
Richard A. Lerner (born August 26, 1938) is an American research chemist. Best known for his work on catalytic antibodies, Lerner served as President of The Scripps Research Institute  until January 1, 2012, and is currently a member of its Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology, in La Jolla, California.
Abraham "Abe" Laboriel Jr. (born March 23, 1971) is an American session drummer. He is the son of Mexican bass guitarist Abraham Laboriel, nephew of Mexican rocker Johnny Laboriel, and brother of record producer, songwriter, and film composer Mateo Laboriel. He has been the drummer for Paul McCartney as well as for the French singer Mylène Farmer, among others.
The Bodo Liberation Tigers Force , also known as the Bodo Liberation Tigers , was an armed insurgent group that operated in the Bodo dominated regions of Assam, India. The group initially wanted to carve out a separate autonomy of Bodoland in Assam, but surrendered with the establishment of Bodoland Territorial Council, an upgrade of the Bodo Autonomous Council. 
Lustymore Island  is an island located in Lower Lough Erne, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland.
Glantraeth Football Club is a football team, based on the island of Anglesey, Wales. They play in the Gwynedd League . 
Pitch Black is a New Zealand electronica duo from Christchurch.
Southcentral Kentucky Community and Technical College  is a public community college in Bowling Green, Kentucky. It is an open-admissions college and a member of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System. The college is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
Dame Margaret Berenice Price (13 April 194128 January 2011) was a Welsh soprano.
The Outlying Islands refers to all the islands that make up the territory of Hong Kong, with the exception of Hong Kong Island. There are 263 islands in Hong Kong, the vast majority of which are located within the New Territories and significant numbers of them are located in Islands District in the south and southwest, Sai Kung District in the southeast, and Tai Po District and North District in the northeast. 
Kuybyshev  is a town in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Om River , west of Novosibirsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 40,000 (1970).
Anagennisi Karditsa Football Club, or Anagennisi Karditsa 1904 , is a Greek association football club based in the city of Karditsa, Greece.
Cristian Miguel Riveros Núñez (born 16 October 1982) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays for Club Libertad and the Paraguay national football team as a defensive midfielder.
Bernardo Daniel Romeo (born 10 September 1977) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a striker.
Lee Nguyễn , born October 7, 1986) is an American soccer midfielder for Los Angeles FC in Major League Soccer. Nguyen holds dual citizenship in the United States and Vietnam.
The Lunar and Planetary Laboratory  is a research center for planetary science located in Tucson, Arizona. It is also a graduate school, constituting the Department of Planetary Sciences at the University of Arizona. 
NU 107  was a radio station in Mega Manila that played mainly rock music. It was owned by Progressive Broadcasting Corporation. 
Rasim Kara (born 10 June 1950), is a former Turkey international football goalkeeper and manager. He is one of the sportsmen who served Turkish side Beşiktaş both as a player and coach.
Irene Kral (January 18, 1932 – August 15, 1978) was an American jazz singer who was born to Czechoslovakian parents in Chicago, Illinois, and settled in Los Angeles in the early 1960s. She died, due to breast cancer, in Encino, California.
Little Tanaga Island  is an island located in the Andreanof Islands of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. It lies between Kagalaska Island and Umak Island. The island is long and wide.
The Rockhill Trolley Museum is located at 430 Meadow Street, Rockhill Furnace, Pennsylvania, north of the Pennsylvania Turnpike and south of US 22, the William Penn Highway.
Belden Place is a narrow alley in the Financial District of San Francisco, California that serves as the hub of the city's small French American community.
The Byzantine Catholic Seminary of SS. Cyril and Methodius is a degree-granting school of theology in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States which prepares candidates for priestly ministry to the Byzantine Catholic churches of North America. As of 2019, this includes the Ruthenian Byzantine Catholic Church, the Melkite Greek Catholic Eparchy of Newton, the Romanian Catholic Eparchy of St George's in Canton, and the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Saint Josaphat in Parma
Doina Ignat (born 20 December 1968 in Rădăuți-Prut, Botoşani) is a Romanian rower, who has won six Olympic medals during her career.
Broutona  is an uninhabited volcanic island located near the northern end of the southern Kuril Islands chain in the Sea of Okhotsk in the northwest Pacific Ocean. Its name is derived from William Robert Broughton, a British American ship captain who charted many of the Kuril Islands during his voyages during the 19th century. 
Kim Hyeon-jeong (Hangul: 김현정, born September 30, 1973), professionally known as BMK or Big Mama King, is a South Korean singer known for her powerful voice.
Steve Cartwright is an American computer and video game designer. He is best known as one of the original Activision game designers, credited with such games as "Barnstorming", "Megamania", "Seaquest" and "Hacker".
Hugh  (c. 780 – 837) was the count of Tours and Sens during the reigns of Charlemagne and Louis the Pious, until his disgrace in February 828.
Oguro joined the J-league in 1999, with Gamba Osaka. He was loaned to Consadole Sapporo for the 2001 season, and returned to Gamba having impressed many in Osaka.
Alfred "Al" Kasha (Brooklyn, January 22, 1937) is an American songwriter. He is best known for "The Morning After" from "The Poseidon Adventure".
The Society Islands  are an archipelago located in the South Pacific Ocean. Politically, they are part of French Polynesia, an overseas country of the French Republic. Geographically, they form part of Polynesia.
The Pioneer River is a river located in North Queensland, Australia. The long river flows through the city of .
KSPR-LD, virtual channel 33 (UHF digital channel 15), is a low-powered ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Springfield, Missouri, United States. Owned by Gray Television, it is a sister station to NBC affiliate KYTV (channel 3) and Branson-licensed CW affiliate KYCW-LD (virtual channel 25). 
Mehriban Aliyeva (; born 26 August 1964) is an Azerbaijani physician and ophthalmologist, the First Vice President and First Lady of Azerbaijan, the head of Heydar Aliyev Foundation, the chairperson of Azerbaijani Culture Friends Foundation, the President of Azerbaijani Gymnastics Federation, and the goodwill ambassador of UNESCO and ISESCO.
Guilderton is a small coastal town north of Perth, Western Australia at the mouth of the Moore River in the Shire of Gingin.
Osogovo  or Osogovska Planina  is a mountain and ski resort between the southwestern part of Bulgaria  and the northeastern part of North Macedonia . It is about long and wide, the highest peak being Ruen  at 2251 m, which constitutes the main orthographic knot on the very border between Bulgaria and North Macedonia. 
Kenneth Kaunda International Airport is an international airport in Lusaka, Zambia. It was officially known as the Lusaka International Airport before being renamed in 2011 in honour of Kenneth Kaunda, the nation's first president. 
The Tamnava  is a river in western Serbia. It is a -long left tributary of the Kolubara River and also gives the name to the surrounding region of Tamnava.
The Braehead Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Renfrewshire, Scotland. The arena was built in 1999, and is located within the Braehead Complex. The arena was formerly the home of the Scottish Eagles ice hockey club and is now the home to the expansion Glasgow Clan ice hockey team of the Elite Ice Hockey League.
American Overseas Airlines  was an airline that operated between the United States and Europe between 1945 and 1950. It was headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City.
Charles Patrick Pfarrer III (born April 13, 1957) is an American writer, film producer, and former United States Navy SEAL. As an author, he has penned published screenplays, novels, comic book, and non-fiction works. 
Heath Charles Farwell (born December 31, 1981) is a former American football linebacker and special teamer who is currently the special teams coordinator for the Buffalo Bills. He played college football for San Diego State University, and was signed by the Minnesota Vikings as an undrafted free agent in 2005. He was the special teams captain during his tenure with the Seattle Seahawks.
Gay Dad were an English rock band formed in London that broke up in 2002. The line-up of the band has included Cliff Jones , Nick "Baz" Crowe , James Riseboro , Nigel Hoyle  and Charley Stone.
Yalata is an Aboriginal community located 200 kilometres west of Ceduna on the Great Australian Bight in South Australia. At the , Yalta and the surrounding area had a population of 248.
Leonardo Piepoli (born 29 September 1971 in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland) is a former Italian professional road racing cyclist. He most recently rode for on the UCI ProTour, but had his contract suspended in July 2008 during the Tour de France amid allegations of the use of the blood boosting drug EPO in the team. 
Kalmar Verkstad AB  was a Swedish train and automobile manufacturer in Kalmar, Sweden that made the Tjorven and Terminal. KVAB was founded in 1902 and closed 2005 by Bombardier.
Moreno Torricelli (; born 23 January 1970) is an Italian football manager and former defender, who usually played as a full-back on the right flank. Torricelli played for several Italian clubs throughout his career, but achieved prominence during his successful stint with Juventus, with whom he won several titles; he also had a spell in Spain with Espanyol. At international level, he also represented the Italian national side, taking part at UEFA Euro 1996 and the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Woodford Bridge is part of the East London suburb of Woodford, in the London Borough of Redbridge. It includes Monkhams and is located on an old road between Chigwell and Leytonstone.
Godofredo P. Ramos Airport  , also known as Caticlan Airport and recently, Boracay Airport by its developer Transaire, is an airport serving the general area of the municipality of Malay, located in the province of Aklan in the Philippines. It is one of the two gateways to Boracay, one of the Philippines' best-known tourist destinations. The airport is classified as a Class 2 Principal airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines.
WDAD is a radio station in Indiana County, Pennsylvania. It is owned and operated by Renda Broadcasting. The station broadcasts on AM 1450.
Freital is a town in the district of Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. The town is situated on a small river, the Weißeritz, and is 8 kilometres southwest of Dresden.
Head Wound City is an American hardcore punk supergroup consisting of Jordan Blilie and Cody Votolato both of The Blood Brothers, Nick Zinner of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, and Justin Pearson and Gabe Serbian, both of The Locust.
The Rock River is a short tributary of Lake Champlain in northern Vermont in the United States and southern Quebec in Canada. Via Lake Champlain and the Richelieu River, it is part of the watershed of the St. Lawrence River. According to the Geographic Names Information System, it is also known as "River Rocher" and "Riviere de La Roche."
Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company Limited, often referred to simply as "Palmers", was a British shipbuilding company. The Company was based in Jarrow, County Durham, in north-eastern England, and also had operations in Hebburn and Willington Quay on the River Tyne.
Akram Hossain Khan, MBE  is an English dancer and choreographer of Bangladeshi descent. His background is rooted in his classical kathak training and contemporary dance.
Nikolai Vladimirovich Fomenko (, born 30 April 1962) is a Russian musician, comic actor, motor racer, former president of Marussia Motors and former engineering director of Marussia F1.
Alison Uttley (17 December 1884 – 7 May 1976), "née" Alice Jane Taylor, was an English writer of over 100 books. She is best known for a children's series about Little Grey Rabbit and Sam Pig. 
Arema Football Club is an Indonesian professional football club based in Malang, East Java. The club plays in the Liga 1. 
Royal Hunt is a progressive metal band based in Denmark. Royal Hunt was founded in 1989 by keyboardist Andre Andersen. 
NMC Health  is a healthcare chain and distribution business in the United Arab Emirates . The company is headquartered in Abu Dhabi and has branch offices in Dubai, Ajman, Al Ain and Northern Emirates. NMC Health is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
The Montgolfier Brothers is a British indie pop-dream pop duo which features gnac's Mark Tranmer and Lovewood drummer Roger Quigley.
FC Dinamo-93 Minsk (, "Dynama-93 Minsk") was a Belarusian football club based in Minsk. They disbanded in 1998.
Graves is an American horror punk/pop punk band formed in 2000 by Michale Graves and Dr. Chud after they left the Misfits. Graves recorded and released one album, "Web of Dharma", that was produced by Dr. Chud.
Asquith (2011 Population 603) is a town in south-central Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately west of Saskatoon. It became a village in December 1907.
Berthold Laufer (October 11, 1874 – September 13, 1934) was an anthropologist and historical geographer with an expertise in East Asian languages. The American Museum of Natural History calls him, "one of the most distinguished sinologists of his generation."
Zainsk  is a town in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the Stepnoy Zay River , east of Kazan. Population: 
FC Rilski Sportist  is a Bulgarian football club from the town of Samokov founded in 1947 and currently playing in the South-West Third League. Their home stadium is Iskar Stadium.
Porto Alegre Futebol Clube, usually known simply as Porto Alegre, is a Brazilian football club from Porto Alegre, Brazil. It is owned by former footballer Roberto Assis, Ronaldinho's brother.
Kunigunda Rostislavna (1245 – 9 September 1285; Czech: "Kunhuta Uherská" or "Kunhuta Haličská") was Queen consort of Bohemia and its Regent from 1278 until her death. She was a member of the House of Chernigov, and a daughter of Rostislav Mikhailovich.
Adolph Meyer (October 19, 1842 – March 8, 1908) was a member of the U. S. House of Representatives representing the state of Louisiana. He served nine terms as a Democrat from 1891 until his death in office in 1908.
Alain Geiger (born 5 November 1960) is a retired Swiss international football defender and current manager.
Ludovic Magnin (; born 20 April 1979) is a Swiss former footballer and current manager. He is the manager of FC Zürich. He played as a left-back for the Switzerland national team, Yverdon Sport, FC Lugano, Werder Bremen, VfB Stuttgart, and FC Zürich.
Magnus Decentius (died 18 August 353) was a usurper of the western portion of the Roman Empire against emperor Constantius II. Decentius was the brother of Magnentius, who had revolted against Constantius on 18 January 350.
Vernouillet is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
A Connecticut Party was a political party formed by former Republican Senator and gubernatorial candidate Lowell P. Weicker, Jr. in 1990. Weicker subsequently won the 1990 gubernatorial election and served a single term as Governor of Connecticut. 
Catarman National Airport  , otherwise known as Catarman Airport, is an airport serving the general area of Catarman, located in the province of Northern Samar in the Philippines. The airport is classified as a Class 2 principal  airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.
Catherine of France (1428 – 13 July 1446) was a French princess and a countess of Charolais, the first spouse to Charles I, Duke of Burgundy. She was the fourth child and second daughter of Charles VII of France and Marie of Anjou. 
Rio Antonio Zoba Mavuba (born 8 March 1984) is a French footballer who plays for Football Club des Écureuils de Mérignac-Arlac as a midfielder.
David John Llewellyn (born 18 November 1951) is a Welsh professional golfer.
The Technical University of Kaiserslautern  is a public research university in Kaiserslautern, Germany.
Voorhees College is a private, historically black college  in Denmark, South Carolina, United States. It is affiliated with The Episcopal Church. It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
Buttress was built in 1940 as the relief landing field for RCAF Station Moose Jaw and Royal Air Force's, No. 32 Service Flying Training School that was stationed there. 
The Daniel B. Warnell School of Forestry and Natural Resources  is a college within the University of Georgia  in Athens, Georgia, United States.
Penne  is an Italian town in the province of Pescara, in the Abruzzo region, in mid-southern Italy. According to the last census in 2014 the population was 12,451. 
Oscar Phillip Celestin (January 1, 1884 – December 15, 1954) better known by stage name Papa Celsetin was an American jazz trumpeter and bandleader.
Knology, Inc. was a cable company formed in 1994 by ITC Holding Company, LLC, a telecommunications holding company in West Point, Georgia that also founded Internet service provider Mindspring. In 1999, Knology merged with Valley Telephone Company. The Knology network serves around a dozen cities in the Southern United States, as well as a few in the Midwestern United States.
David Morris (born 27 November 1988 in Kilkenny) is an Irish snooker player. In the 2015-2016 he was ranked as Ireland's number 3 player, after Fergal O'Brien and Ken Doherty.
Paul Durcan (born 16 October 1944) is a contemporary Irish poet.
Benedict Wallet Vilakazi (6 January 1906 – 26 October 1947) was a South African Zulu poet, novelist, and educator. In 1946, he became the first black South African to receive a Ph.D. Vilakazi Street in Soweto is named after him and it is now famous as the place where both Nelson Mandela and Desmond Tutu once lived.
Antonios Kriezis (, 1796–1865) was a Greek captain of the Hellenic navy during the Greek War of Independence and a Prime Minister of Greece from 1849 to 1854. Kriezis was born in Troezen in 1796 to a Arvanite family. 
Man Chong  (died April or May 242), courtesy name Boning, was a military general of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China. He previously served under the warlord Cao Cao during the late Eastern Han dynasty. 
Ala is a comune in Trentino, north-eastern Italy. Until the First World War, it was an important border town between the Kingdom of Italy and the Austro Hungarian empire.
The Kingdom of Lower Burgundy, or Cisjurane Burgundy, was a historical kingdom in what is now southeastern France, so-called because it was lower down the Rhône Valley than Upper Burgundy. It included some of the territory of the Kingdom of Arelat.
Belur , is a Town Municipal Council and taluka in Hassan district in the state of Karnataka, India. The town is renowned for its Chennakeshava Temple, one of the finest examples of Hoysala architecture.
Berthold Carl Seemann (25 February 1825, in Hanover, Germany – 10 October 1871, in Nicaragua, Central America), was a German botanist. He travelled widely and collected and described plants from the Pacific and South America.
Jens Juel (12 May 1745 – 27 December 1802) was a Danish painter, primarily known for his many portraits, of which the largest collection is on display at Frederiksborg Castle. He is regarded as the leading Danish portrait painting of the 18th century.
The Zarumilla River is a river in South America that marks the border between Peru and Ecuador. It is named after the Peruvian town of Zarumilla.
Caroline Matilda of Great Britain (; 22 July 1751 – 10 May 1775) was by birth a Princess of Great Britain and member of the House of Hanover and by marriage Queen consort of Denmark and Norway from 1766 to 1772.
Zhukovsky  is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Moskva River, southeast of Moscow. Population: 
Patricia Hill Collins (born May 1, 1948) is a Distinguished University Professor of Sociology at the University of Maryland, College Park. She is also the former head of the Department of African-American Studies at the University of Cincinnati, and a past President of the American Sociological Association Council. 
Seth Ward (1617 – 6 January 1689) was an English mathematician, astronomer, and bishop.
Bad Liebenzell is a spa town in the Nagold River valley, the northern part of the Black Forest. It was first mentioned in 1090 and is the heart of the Liebenzeller Mission .
Alexander Jackson Davis, or A. J. Davis (July 24, 1803 – January 14, 1892), was an American architect, known particularly for his association with the Gothic Revival style.
King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology  in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia is an organization established in 1977 as the Saudi Arabian National Center for Science & Technology ; in 1985, it was renamed King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology.
Vega de San Mateo is a town and a municipality in the mountainous central part of the island of Gran Canaria in the Province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands. Its population is 7,774 (2013), and the area is 37.89 km². Vega de San Mateo is located 17 km southwest of Las Palmas.
KERA-TV, virtual channel 13 (UHF digital channel 14), is a Public Broadcasting Service  member television station licensed to Dallas, Texas, United States and serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex. Owned by North Texas Public Broadcasting, Inc., it is sister to National Public Radio  member station KERA (90.1 FM) and adult album alternative station KKXT (91.7 FM). 
Fresno Football Club U-23  are an American soccer team based in Fresno, California, United States. Founded in 2003, the team played in USL League Two, the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid. 
Princess Louise of Prussia (; 3 December 1838 – 23 April 1923) was the second child and only daughter of German Emperor Wilhelm I and Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach. She was the younger sister of Frederick III of Germany  and aunt of Wilhelm II of Germany. 
Home Grown was a North American rock band formed in 1994 in Orange County, California. They released three full-length albums and several EPs before disbanding in 2005. 
Friedrich Fromm (8 October 1888 – 12 March 1945) was a German army officer. In World War II, Fromm was Commander in Chief of the Reserve Army , in charge of training and personnel replacement for combat divisions of the German Army, a position he occupied for most of the war. 
Luigi Illica (9 May 1857 – 16 December 1919) was an Italian librettist who wrote for Giacomo Puccini , Pietro Mascagni, Alfredo Catalani, Umberto Giordano, Baron Alberto Franchetti and other important Italian composers. His most famous opera libretti are those for "La Bohème", "Tosca", "Madama Butterfly" and "Andrea Chénier".
Francesco Morosini (26 February 1619 – 16 January 1694) was the Doge of Venice from 1688 to 1694, at the height of the Great Turkish War. He was a member of a famous noble Venetian family  which produced several Doges and generals. 
Johnette Napolitano (born September 22, 1957, Hollywood, Los Angeles, California) is an American singer, songwriter and bassist best known as the lead vocalist/songwriter and bassist for the alternative rock group Concrete Blonde.
The Ethnic Minority Party was a New Zealand political party which focused on Asian voters, particularly Chinese and Indians.
Goni is a town and "comune" in the province of South Sardinia, Sardinia, Italy
Edward Cornelis Florentius Alfonsus Schillebeeckx ( , ; 12 November 1914 – 23 December 2009) was a Belgian Roman Catholic theologian born in Antwerp. He taught at the Catholic University in Nijmegen.
Ghislaine Marie Françoise Dommanget (13 October 1900 – 30 April 1991) was a French actress, and the Princess consort of Monaco from 1946 to 1949.
Alexander Sergeyevich Dargomyzhsky   was a 19th-century Russian composer. He bridged the gap in Russian opera composition between Mikhail Glinka and the later generation of The Five and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
ELP Communications  was an American television production company that originally began in 1974. It's currently an in-name-only unit of Sony Pictures Television.
Houston Baptist University  is a private Baptist university in Sharpstown, Houston, Texas. The university was founded in 1960. 
Timmins Victor M. Power Airport, , is located north-northwest of Timmins, Ontario, Canada. The airport serves both scheduled passenger and cargo flights and general aviation, including air ambulance , forest-fire fighting, and flight training.
Leslie Allen Jordan (born April 29, 1955) is an American actor and playwright. He is best known for his roles as Lonnie Garr in "Hearts Afire", Beverly Leslie in "Will & Grace" and several different characters in the "American Horror Story" franchise. 
Capita plc , commonly known as Capita, is an international business process outsourcing and professional services company headquartered in London. 
Slotsholmen  is an island in the harbour of Copenhagen, Denmark, and part of Copenhagen Inner City. The name is taken from the successive castles and palaces located on the island since Bishop Absalon constructed the city's first castle on the island in 1167 at the site where Christiansborg Palace lies today.
Agostino Tassi (Perugia, 1578– Rome, 1644) was an Italian painter of landscapes and seascapes, who is now best known as the rapist of Artemisia Gentileschi.
WSTW (93.7 FM, "93.7 WSTW") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Wilmington, Delaware. The station is owned by  and broadcasts a top 40/CHR format.
The Esmeraldas River is a river in northwestern Ecuador that flows into the Pacific Ocean at the city of Esmeraldas. Among its tributaries is the Guayllabamba River which drains Quito. 
El Tepual International Airport is a commercial and private aviation facility which serves the tourist area of Puerto Montt, Chile.
The New Rights Party  , also translated as New Conservative Party , is a liberal conservative party in Georgia. It is an associate member of the International Democrat Union and applicant of the European People's Party.
Conches-en-Ouches is a commune in the Eure "département" in northern France.
The Democratic Union of Albanians  is a political party of the Albanian minority in Montenegro.
The Uruguay Assembly  is a social-democratic political party in Uruguay. It is a member organisation of the ruling Broad Front. Its leader is the senator and former minister of economy of Uruguay, Danilo Astori.
William Eugene Burrows Jr. (November 30, 1945 – June 24, 2019), known professionally by his stage name Billy Drago, was an American television and film actor. Frequently cast in the role of villain, Drago's films included Clint Eastwood's western "Pale Rider" and Brian De Palma's "The Untouchables". 
The Wiregrass Region—or Wiregrass Country—is an area of the Southern United States encompassing parts of southern Georgia, southeastern Alabama, and the Florida Panhandle. The region is named for the native "Aristida stricta", commonly known as wiregrass due to its texture.
CKBY-FM is a Canadian radio station, which airs a country music format at 101.1 FM in Smiths Falls and Ottawa, Ontario. The station is owned by Rogers Communications, and uses the brand name "Country 101.1". CKBY's studios are located in Smiths Falls , with its transmitter located near Carleton Place.
The Livigno Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy, around the Italian village Livigno. They are considered to be part of the Central Eastern Alps.
Bruno, also called Brun or Braun ( 2 February 880), a member of the Ottonian dynasty, was Duke of Saxony from 866 until his death. He is rated as an ancestor of the Brunonids, a cadet branch of the Ottonians, though an affiliation is uncertain. 
The United Roma Party of Kosovo ) is a political party in Kosovo founded in 2000.
WRCH is a radio station in the Hartford, Connecticut, United States area and broadcasts at 100.5 FM with an adult contemporary format. Its transmitter is located on Rattlesnake Mountain on the WTIC-TV tower, and a backup transmitter in "Radio Park" behind the Connecticut School of Broadcasting , the studios and offices are located on Executive Drive in Farmington, Connecticut. 
Jevenstedt is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated approximately 8 km south of Rendsburg.
The University of Sassari  is a university located in Sassari, Italy. It was founded in 1562 and is organized in 13 departments.
Sean Wroe (born 19 March 1985) is an Australian sprinter. He was born in Melbourne to a Japanese Australian mother and is a fluent Japanese speaker.
Gideon Curtis Moody (October 16, 1832March 17, 1904) was an American Senator from South Dakota.
Yuri Nikolaevich Kholopov  (August 14, 1932, Ryazan – April 24, 2003, Moscow) was a Russian musicologist and educator.
Aloma Wright (born March 10, 1950) is an American actress, best known for her roles as Laverne Roberts on the NBC comedy series "Scrubs" (2001–2009), as Maxine Landis on the NBC daytime drama series "Days of Our Lives" (2008–2015), as Mildred Clemons on the ABC drama series "Private Practice" (2011–2013) and as Gretchen Bodinski on the USA Network drama series "Suits" (2015–).
Sarakino  is a Greek island in the Sporades south of Skyros. , it had no resident population.
Diego Osorio de Escobar y Llamas (c. 1608, Coruña, Galicia, Spain – October 17, 1673, Puebla, New Spain) was Roman Catholic bishop of Puebla (1656–1673) and viceroy of New Spain from June 29, 1664 to October 15, 1664.
Foro Italico University of Rome , formerly known as the University Institute of Motor Sciences  is a public research university located in Rome, Italy.
WDUV (105.5 MHz "The Dove") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to New Port Richey, Florida and serving the Tampa Bay Area. Owned by Cox Radio, it broadcasts a soft adult contemporary radio format. WDUV's studios and offices are located in St. Petersburg, and the transmitter site is in Holiday.
Nova Gorica Sports Park  is a multi-purpose sports venue in Nova Gorica, Slovenia. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of ND Gorica. The stadium was built in 1964 and has a capacity of 3,100 seats.
Victor Ehrenberg (22 November 1891 – 25 January 1976) was a German Jewish historian.
Plymouth Municipal Airport is a town-owned, public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of the central business district of Plymouth, a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013, it is categorized as a general aviation airport. 
The Wiltz  is a river flowing through Belgium and Luxembourg, joining the Sauer at Goebelsmuhle. The Clerve is a tributary of the Wiltz.
Meleuz  is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the bank of the Belaya River, 205 km south of Ufa. Population: 
John Percy Simon (born July 9, 1969), better known by his stage name Percee P, is a hip hop artist from The South Bronx, New York City, United States. "Unkut" described him as the "legendary lyricist of the subterranean". He has collaborated with a number of musicians, including Lord Finesse, Kool Keith, Jurassic 5, Aesop Rock, and Jedi Mind Tricks.
Rota International Airport , also known as Benjamin Taisacan Manglona International Airport, is a public airport located on Rota Island in the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands , near the village of Sinapalo. The airport is owned by the Commonwealth Ports Authority.
Vinko Globokar (born 7 July 1934) is a French avant-garde composer and trombonist of Slovene descent.
Ailsa Shipbuilding Company was a Scottish shipbuilding company based in Troon and Ayr, Ayrshire.
The Brooklyn Hispano was an American soccer club based in Brooklyn, New York that was an inaugural member of the reformed American Soccer League. The club was named the Brooklyn Giants for the 1942/43 season only.
Fuenlabrada  is a city and municipality in the Madrid Metropolitan Area, Spain. It is to the southwest of the region, 22.5 km from the capital, and had a population of 197,836 in 2009. 
Liborius of Le Mans (c. 348–397) was the second Bishop of Le Mans. He is the patron saint of the cathedral and archdiocese of Paderborn in Germany. 
Henry Evans Howell, Jr. (September 5, 1920 – July 7, 1997), nicknamed "Howlin' Henry" Howell, was an American politician from the Commonwealth of Virginia. A progressive populist and a member of the Democratic Party, he served in both houses of the Virginia General Assembly, was elected the 31st Lieutenant Governor of Virginia as an Independent Democrat, and made several runs for Governor.
Ipsen is a French pharmaceutical company headquartered in Paris, France. 
Gaston Defferre (14 September 1910 – 7 May 1986) was a French Socialist politician.
Aci Catena  is a town and "comune" in Metropolitan City of Catania, Sicily, southern Italy.
Breitenburg is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated on the river Stör, approx. 4 km southeast of Itzehoe.
Krempe is a town in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated between Itzehoe and Glückstadt. Krempe is part of the "Amt"  Krempermarsch.
Egeln is a small town in the Salzlandkreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is the administrative seat of the "Verbandsgemeinde"  Egelner Mulde.
Daniel Ouezzin Coulibaly (1 July 1909 – 7 September 1958) was the president of the governing council of the French colony of Upper Volta, today's Burkina Faso, from 17 May 1957 until his death on 7 September 1958 in Paris. A native of Pouy, today in Banwa Province, Coulibaly also served in the French national assembly from 1946 to 1951 and from 1956 to 1958, as well as in the French senate from 1953 to 1956.
The Cordillera Central  is the highest of the three branches of the Colombian Andes. The range extends from south to north dividing from the Colombian Massif in Cauca Department to the Serranía de San Lucas in Bolivar Departments. The highest peak is Nevado del Huila at . 
Riau Airlines was an airline based in Pekanbaru in the Indonesian province of Riau, Sumatra. It operated domestic and international services out of Sultan Syarif Qasim II International Airport, Pekanbaru. 
Marlon Francis King (born 26 April 1980) is a former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Bartley Water is a stream and river going through the New Forest district of Hampshire, England.
Kay Bluhm (born 13 October 1968 in Brandenburg) is an East German-German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the late 1990s. Competing in three Summer Olympics, he won three golds (K-2 500 m: 1992, 1996; K-2 1000 m: 1992), one silver (K-2 1000 m: 1996), and one bronze (K-4 1000 m: 1988).
CIFM-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 98.3 FM in Kamloops, British Columbia. The station currently broadcasts an Active rock format branded as "98.3 CIFM' Kamloops Best Rock".
Caraz is a town in the Caraz District in the southeastern part of Huaylas Province of the Ancash Region in Peru.
Vado Ligure , in antiquity Vada Sabatia, is a town and "comune" in the province of Savona, Liguria, in northern Italy.
Thomas John Gumbleton (born January 26, 1930) is a retired Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Detroit.
Dipolog Airport  is the main airport serving the general area of Dipolog, the capital city of Zamboanga del Norte, in the Philippines. The airport is one of the busiest in Mindanao, especially considering its classification. 
Peter Angerer (born 14 July 1959) is a former West German biathlete.
Hans-Georg Aschenbach (born 20 October 1951) is an East German former ski jumper.
Benetech is a nonprofit social enterprise organization that empowers communities with software for social good. Previous projects include the Route 66 Literacy Project, the Miradi environmental project management software, Martus , and the Human Rights Data Analysis Group. 
Trustpower Baypark Stadium  is a multi-purpose stadium in Mount Maunganui, New Zealand. It is currently used for dirt track Speedway and jetsprints events during summer, and various other events throughout the year.
Steven Angello Josefsson Fragogiannis (born 22 November 1982) is a Greek-Swedish DJ, record producer, remixer and record label owner. He is a member of Swedish House Mafia, together with Axwell and Sebastian Ingrosso.
Jari Markus Puikkonen (born 25 June 1959) is a Finnish former ski jumper.
Jani Markus Soininen (born 12 November 1972) is a Finnish former ski jumper.
Al-Riyadh  is a Saudi Arabian football team. It was established in 1953 as "Ahli Al-Riyadh", then changed to "Al-Yamamah" and finally to "Al-Riyadh". The club is based in Riyadh and currently playing in the Saudi Second Division .
The Delaware Art Museum is an art museum located on the Kentmere Parkway in Wilmington, Delaware, which holds a collection of more than 12,000 objects. The museum was founded in 1912 as the Wilmington Society of the Fine Arts in honor of the artist Howard Pyle. 
The Pakistan Institute of Nuclear Science and Technology , is a multiprogram science and technology national research institute managed for the Ministry of Science and Technology  by the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission .
Harriet Zuckerman (born July 19, 1937) is an American sociologist who specializes in the sociology of science.
Free is a French telecommunications company, subsidiary of Iliad that provides voice, video, data, and Internet telecommunications to consumers in France. Its head office is in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.
Osterfeld is a town in the Burgenlandkreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is situated southeast of Naumburg. It is part of the "Verbandsgemeinde"  Wethautal.
WOKQ is an FM radio station broadcasting on 97.5 MHz. and airs a country music format for the Manchester-Nashua-Concord and Dover-Rochester-Portsmouth, New Hampshire areas. 
Frank Parks Briggs (February 25, 1894September 23, 1992) was a United States Senator from Missouri, and succeeded Harry S. Truman when Truman was elected vice president.
Sibulan Airport  , also known as Dumaguete Airport or Dumaguete–Sibulan Airport, is an airport serving the general area of the city of Dumaguete, located in the province of Negros Oriental in the Philippines. The airport is named after its location in the adjacent municipality of Sibulan.
Zima  is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located at the point where the Trans-Siberian Railway crosses the Oka River. Population: 
Raymond Lee "Ray" Luzier (born June 14, 1970) is an American drummer. He is the drummer of the nu metal band Korn, becoming a full-time member of the band in April 2009.
Kynoch Park is a football ground in Keith in the north-east Scotland, which is the home ground of Highland Football League side Keith F.C.. It is located on Balloch Road in the east of the town and has a capacity of 4,000 with 370 seated.
Bojana  is a 41 km long river in Albania and Montenegro which flows both into the Adriatic Sea. An outflow of Lake Skadar, measured from the source of the lake's longest tributary, the Morača, the Morača-Lake Skadar- Bojana system is 183 km long.
Cortemaggiore  is an Italian "comune" located in the Province of Piacenza.
Castaic Creek is a stream in the Sierra Pelona Mountains, in northeastern Los Angeles County, California. It is a tributary of the Santa Clara River.
The Saltoro Mountains   are a subrange of the Karakoram Range. They are located in the heart of the Karakoram, on the southwest side of the Siachen Glacier, one of the two longest glaciers outside the polar regions. 
Zadonsk  is a town and the administrative center of Zadonsky District in Lipetsk Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Don River, from which it takes its name, southwest of Lipetsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
The Great Western Divide is a Sierra Nevada mountain range that forms part of the border between the Kings Canyon and Sequoia National Parks. Some of the summits of the Great Western Divide reach well over . The High Sierra Trail crosses the range at Kaweah Gap from Sequoia National Park.
Mincing Lane is a short one-way street in the City of London linking Fenchurch Street to Great Tower Street. In the late 19th century it was the world's leading centre for tea and spice trading.
Kubrat  is a town in Razgrad Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, part of the Ludogorie region. Named after the Bulgar ruler Kubrat, it is the administrative centre of the homonymous Kubrat Municipality. 
The Toplica  is a river in southern Serbia. The river is 130 km long and gives its name to the region it flows through, which constitutes most of the modern Toplica District of Serbia.
Ladram Bay is a secluded bay with pebble beach, between the coastal towns of Budleigh Salterton and Sidmouth, on the south coast of Devon, England. It is about southeast of Exeter, just under southwest of Sidmouth and about northeast of Budleigh Salterton.
Breaks Co-Op is a New Zealand band, formed in 1997, initially recorded with Deepgrooves Entertainment and more recently with EMI.
Tujunga Wash is a stream in Los Angeles County, California. It is a tributary of the Los Angeles River, providing about a fifth of its flow, and drains about . 
The Kolubara , is a long river in western Serbia; it is an eastern, right tributary to the Sava river.
U.S.D. Nuorese Calcio are an Italian association football club from Nuoro, Sardinia, founded in 1930. The club was known as A.S. Nuorese Calcio until 2006, and F.C. Nuorese Calcio from 2006 to 2008.
Southern Union State Community College is a public, two-year college located in Wadley, Alabama, USA. Southern Union offers academic, technical, health science, and social science programs to the east-central Alabama and west-central Georgia regions.
Santa Fe Community College  is a public community college in Santa Fe, New Mexico. It has an undergraduate population of about 6,300 students. 
Monsummano Terme is an "comune" located in the Province of Pistoia, Tuscany, central Italy. It is located in the Valdinievole, and is a popular spa resort.
CKST is a radio station located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Owned by Bell Media, the station broadcasts a sports talk format branded as "TSN Radio 1040". CKST's studios are located on Robson and Burrard Street in Downtown Vancouver, while its transmitters are located in Delta.
Kepong is a town in northern Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The name is a Malay word meaning "Enclose" or "Surround", as the town is surrounded by a mountain range.
Leopold David de Rothschild, CBE, FRCM (12 May 1927 – 19 April 2012) was a British financier, musician, and a member of the Rothschild banking family of England.
George Dexter Robinson (born George Washington Robinson; January 20, 1834 – February 22, 1896) was an American lawyer and Republican politician from Massachusetts. After serving in the United States Congress, he served three terms as Governor of Massachusetts, notably defeating Benjamin Franklin Butler in the 1884 election. 
Porter Johnston Goss (; born November 26, 1938) is an American politician and government official who served as a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1989 until 2004, when he became the last Director of Central Intelligence  and the first Director of the Central Intelligence Agency following the passage of the 2004 Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act, which abolished the DCI position and replaced it with the Director of National Intelligence on April 21, 2005.
Gelang Patah is a suburb in Iskandar Puteri, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia. It was administered by ruling coalition, Barisan Nasional for over 5 decades until the 13th Malaysian General Elections.
The National Development Complex  is a Pakistani defence and aerospace contractor and a division under the National Engineering and Scientific Commission . Founded in 1990 at the MoD, the NDC engaged in research and development in space-based missile systems and expanded its services towards developing the land-based weapons systems for the army as well as naval systems for the navy.
WNPX-TV is an Ion Television-owned-and-operated television station serving Nashville, Tennessee, United States that is licensed to Franklin. Owned by Ion Media Networks, the station broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 36 (or virtual channel 28 via PSIP) from a transmitter located in Whites Creek, Tennessee, north of Nashville. 
The Beiyang Fleet  was one of the four modernized Chinese navies in the late Qing dynasty. Among the four, the Beiyang Fleet was particularly sponsored by Li Hongzhang, one of the most trusted vassals of Empress Dowager Cixi and the principal patron of the "self-strengthening movement" in northern China in his capacity as the Viceroy of Zhili and the Minister of Beiyang Commerce . 
The Shenango River is a principal tributary of the Beaver River, approximately 100 mi (160 km) long, in western Pennsylvania in the United States. It also briefly flows through small portions of northeastern Ohio. 
Laramie County Community College  is a public community college in Laramie County, Wyoming, with campuses in Cheyenne and Laramie and outreach centers at F.E. Warren Air Force Base and in Pine Bluffs. LCCC was established in 1968.
Metropolitan Community College, also known as Metro or MCC, and formerly known as Metropolitan Technical Community College, is a public community college in Omaha, Nebraska. The public college is located on multiple campuses throughout the Omaha-Council Bluffs metropolitan area.
Arnold Williams (May 21, 1898 – May 25, 1970), served as the 21st Governor of Idaho from 1945 until 1947. He later served as Secretary of State of Idaho from 1959 until 1966. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 
Schliersee is a small town  and a municipality in the district of Miesbach in Bavaria in Germany. It is named after the nearby Lake Schliersee. 
Ponthion is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Nehemiah Rice Knight (December 31, 1780April 18, 1854) was Governor of Rhode Island and United States Senator from Rhode Island. 
DWKC-FM (93.9 FM), broadcasting as 93.9 iFM, is a 24-hour radio station serving Mega Manila in the Philippines. It is the FM station of Radio Mindanao Network. 
Hot Dog on a Stick, is a fast food company that was founded by Dave Barham in Santa Monica, California, in 1946, and later branched out into malls and shopping centers. In 2014, the company was purchased by Global Franchise Group  based in Atlanta, GA. 
Albiztur is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain. In 2014 Albiztur had a total population of 327.
Nur Hassan Wirajuda (born July 9, 1948 in Tangerang, Banten) is an Indonesian politician who was the foreign minister of Indonesia from 2001 to 2009. He served during the presidencies of Megawati Sukarnoputri and Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono.
Ferdinand Lucas Bauer (20 January 1760 – 17 March 1826) was an Austrian botanical illustrator who travelled on Matthew Flinders' expedition to Australia.
Lambton College is a college of applied arts and technology in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada. There are approximately 3,500 full-time students, 6,500 part-time students and 500 international students.
Nigel is a small gold mining town in Gauteng Province, South Africa. The town is on the edge of the area known as the East Rand.
Seweryn Rzewuski (; 13 March 1743 in Podhorce – 11 December 1811 in Vienna) was a Polish nobleman, writer, poet, general of the Royal Army, Field Hetman of the Crown, Voivode of Podolian Voivodeship and one of the leaders of the Targowica Confederation.
Kingsburgh is a resort town in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, 32 km south-west of Durban.
It is the fourth airport in Japan to begin operating 24 hours a day, after New Chitose Airport , Kansai International Airport , and Chūbu Centrair International Airport .
Borden Island is an uninhabited, low-lying island in the Queen Elizabeth Islands of northern Canada.
Sheila Rowbotham (born 1943) is a British socialist feminist theorist and writer.
The Our  is a river in Belgium, Luxembourg and Germany. It is a left-hand tributary of the river Sauer/Sûre. Its total length is .
Giovanni Antonio Amedeo Plana (6 November 1781 – 20 January 1864) was an Italian astronomer and mathematician. He is considered one of the premiere Italian scientists of his age.
The San Jose Museum of Art  is an art museum in downtown San Jose, California, United States. Founded in 1969, the museum hosts a large permanent collection of West Coast artists of the 20th and 21st centuries. It is located at Circle of Palms Plaza, beside Plaza de César Chávez
Orette Bruce Golding (born 5 December 1947) is a former Jamaican politician who served as eighth Prime Minister of Jamaica from 11 September 2007 to 23 October 2011. He is a member of the Jamaica Labour Party which he led from 2005 to his resignation in 2011.
Westwood is a town in the Rockhampton Region and a locality split between the Rockhampton Region and the Shire of Banana in Queensland, Australia. It was the first town gazetted by the Queensland Government. In the 2016 Census, Westwood had a population of 174 people.
The U.S. Repeating Arms Company. Inc.  is the current business name of the Winchester Repeating Arms Company, famous for making Winchester rifles.
Kilgore College  is a community college in Kilgore, Texas. It has an annual enrollment in excess of 5,000 students, and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award the Associate's Degree. 
Christian Karembeu (; born 3 December 1970) is a retired French international footballer and the current Strategic Advisor of Olympiacos He is also part of a Paris-based consortium to expand the A-League with a Pacific Island team.
Longarone is a town and "comune" on the banks of the Piave in the province of Belluno, in northeast Italy. It is situated from Belluno.
Thomas Cassin Kinkaid (3 April 1888 – 17 November 1972) served as an admiral in the United States Navy during World War II. He built a reputation as a "fighting admiral" in the aircraft carrier battles of 1942 and commanded the Allied forces in the Aleutian Islands Campaign. He was Commander Allied Naval Forces and the Seventh Fleet under General of the Army Douglas MacArthur in the Southwest Pacific Area, where he conducted numerous amphibious operations, and commanded an Allied fleet during the Battle of Leyte Gulf, largest naval battle of World War II and the last naval battle between battleships in history.
"Dom" Joseph Nasi (or Nassi; also known as João Miques/Micas and Dom João Migas Mendes in a Portuguese variant, Giuseppe Nasi in Italian, and as Yasef Nassi in Ottoman Turkish; 1524, Portugal – 1579, Constantinople) was a Portuguese Sephardi diplomat and administrator, member of the House of Mendes/Benveniste, nephew of Dona Gracia Mendes Nasi, and an influential figure in the Ottoman Empire during the rules of both Sultan Suleiman I and his son Selim II. He was a great benefactor of the Jewish people.
The York Lions is the official name for the athletic varsity teams that represent York University in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The university's varsity teams compete in the Ontario University Athletics conference of U Sports and, where applicable, in the east division. 
The Yantra  is a river in northern Bulgaria, a right tributary of the Danube. It is long , and has a watershed of .
China Motor Corporation  is an automobile manufacturer based in Taipei, Taiwan.
Gorodets  is a town and the administrative center of Gorodetsky District in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Volga River, northwest of Nizhny Novgorod, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 34,000 (1970).
Daystar is an American evangelical Christian-based religious television network that is owned by the Word of God Fellowship, founded by Marcus Lamb in 1993. Daystar is headquartered in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex in Bedford, Texas.
Koffiefontein is a small farming town in the Free State province of South Africa. The name means "coffee fountain" in Afrikaans.
Olga Constantinovna of Russia (18 June 1926) was Queen consort of the Hellenes as the wife of King George I. She was briefly the regent of Greece in 1920.
Nazyvayevsk  is a town in Omsk Oblast, Russia, located west of Omsk, the administrative center of the oblast. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 11,615.
Torzhok  is a town in Tver Oblast, Russia, located on the Tvertsa River along the federal highway M10 and a branch of the Oktyabrskaya Railway division of the Russian Railways. The town is famous for its folk craft of goldwork embroidery. Population: 
Baruj Benacerraf (; October 29, 1920 – August 2, 2011) was a Venezuelan-American immunologist, who shared the 1980 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for the "discovery of the major histocompatibility complex genes which encode cell surface protein molecules important for the immune system's distinction between self and non-self." His colleagues and shared recipients were Jean Dausset and George Davis Snell.
Ecuavisa is one of the major television networks in the Republic of Ecuador.
Markos Kyprianou ( ; born 22 January 1960 in Limassol) is a Cypriot politician who served as a Minister of Foreign Affairs until his official resignation on 19 July 2011, following the events of the Evangelos Florakis Naval Base explosion. A member of the Democratic Party, he was formerly Cyprus's Finance Minister and the European Commissioner for Health. 
The Invisibl Skratch Piklz are a group of turntablists.
Yoro is the capital city of the Yoro Department of Honduras. It is notable for a local event known as Lluvia de Peces, where it is claimed that strong storms make fish fall from the sky.
The Butchies were an all-female punk rock band from Durham, North Carolina, that existed from 1998 to 2005. They reunited from their hiatus to tour with Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls promoting Ray's new album in 2010. 
The Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists  , ) was a Ukrainian-nationalist political organization established in 1929 in Vienna. The organization first operated in Eastern Galicia . 
Gun is a hard rock band from Glasgow, Scotland. They are best known for the song "Better Days" as well as their cover of Cameo's "Word Up!".
Zempin is a German municipality and the smallest seaside resort on Usedom island. It lies between Zinnowitz and Koserow on the narrowest part of the island, between the Baltic Sea and the "Achterwasser", a bay of the Oder Lagoon.
Paul Lloyd Martini (born November 2, 1960 in Weston, Ontario) is a Canadian pair skater. With partner Barbara Underhill, he is the 1979-1983 Canadian national champion, the 1984 World champion, and the 1978 World Junior champion. They represented Canada at the 1980 Winter Olympics, where they placed 9th, and at the 1984 Winter Olympics, where they placed 7th.
Dimitar Ivanov Berbatov ( ; born 30 January 1981) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who is currently a free agent. A striker, he captained the Bulgaria national team from 2006 to 2010, and is the country's all-time leading goalscorer. He has also won the Bulgarian Footballer of the Year a record seven times, surpassing the number of wins by Hristo Stoichkov.
The American Folk Art Museum is an art museum in the Upper West Side of Manhattan, at 2, Lincoln Square, Columbus Avenue at 66th Street. It is the premier institution devoted to the aesthetic appreciation of folk art and creative expressions of contemporary self-taught artists from the United States and abroad.
Yuri Lvovich Averbakh (; born February 8, 1922) is a Soviet and Russian chess player and author. As of 2018, he is the oldest living chess grandmaster. He was born in Kaluga, Russia.
George Dario Marino Franchitti, MBE (born 19 May 1973) is a British former racing driver from Scotland. He is a four time IndyCar Series champion (2007, 2009, 2010, 2011), a three-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 (2007, 2010, 2012) as well as a winner of the 24 Hours of Daytona (2008).
The Julian Rocks Nguthungulli Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located on the Julian Rocks in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, in Australia. The reserve comprise two small islands, situated in the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean, approximately northeast of .
Minsk National Airport (formerly known as Minsk-2)  is the main international airport in Belarus, located 42 km (26 mi) to the east of the capital Minsk, geographically lying in the territory of Smalyavichy Raion but administratively being subordinated to Kastrychnitski District of Minsk. The airport serves as hub of the Belarusian flag carrier Belavia and the cargo carriers TransAVIAexport Airlines, Genex and Rubystar Airways.
Scribonius Largus (c. 1-c. 50) was the court physician to the Roman emperor Claudius.
The Miami Seahawks were a professional American football team based in Miami, Florida. They played in the All-America Football Conference  in the league's inaugural season, 1946, before folding. They are notable as the first major league sports franchise in Miami and the state of Florida's first professional football team.
Zheng Jing, Prince of Yanping (; 25 October 1642 – 17 March 1681), courtesy names Xianzhi  and Yuanzhi , pseudonym Shitian , was a 17th-century Chinese warlord, Ming dynasty loyalist and ruler of the Kingdom of Tungning in Taiwan.
Mianwali  is the capital city of Mianwali District, Pakistan.
The North Aegean islands are a number of disconnected islands in the north Aegean Sea, also known as the "Northeast Aegean islands", belonging to Greece and Turkey. The islands do not form a physical chain or group, but are frequently grouped together for tourist or administrative purposes. To the south are the Dodecanese islands; and to the west are the Cyclades and Sporades islands.
KMTT is a commercial radio station licensed to Vancouver, Washington, broadcasting to the Portland, Oregon and Clark County, Washington area on 910 AM. KMTT is owned by Entercom and airs a sports format with programming from ESPN Radio. 
Democratic Way  is a legal Marxist political party in Morocco.
Carolin Martina Leonhardt (born 22 November 1984 in Lampertheim, Hesse) is a German sprint canoer who has competed since the 2000s. She won two medals at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens with a gold in the K-4 500 m and a silver in the K-2 500 m events. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she won a silver in the K-4 500 m.
Cross Rhythms Plymouth is a UK Community Radio station broadcasting to Plymouth, Devon. The station is operated under a franchise agreement with Cross Rhythms in Stoke-on-Trent , but has separate ownership as required by Ofcom regulations.
The Warren River is a tidal extension of the Palmer River in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 6.5 km (4 mi). 
Isabella of Aragon (1305 – 12 July 1330) was the daughter of James II of Aragon and his second wife Blanche of Anjou. Queen consort of Frederick I of Austria. She was a member of the House of Aragon
Issigeac  is a small medieval village that dates back to Roman times, located in the Périgord and is approximately southwest of Bergerac in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. It is a commune of the Dordogne department.
Beat Zberg (born May 10, 1971 in Altdorf, Uri) is a Swiss former professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Gerolsteiner.
The Lauca River is a binational river. It originates in the Chilean Altiplano of the Arica and Parinacota Region, crosses the Andes and empties into Coipasa Lake in Bolivia.
Ricardo Moniz (born 17 June 1964) is a Dutch professional football coach and former player. He is currently the manager of SBV Excelsior.
Alkali Lake State Airport , is a public airport located eight miles (12.9 km) northeast of Alkali Lake in Lake County, Oregon, United States.
Brookings Airport is a county-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northeast of the central business district of Brookings, a city in Curry County, Oregon, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility. 
Reinder Aart Nummerdor (born 10 September 1976) is a Dutch volleyball player, who represented his native country at five consecutive Summer Olympics. Two times as a member of the indoor volleyball team in 2000 and 2004, and 3 more times after switching to beach volleyball.
Clos-Fontaine is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Porri is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
La Croix-en-Brie is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Xishuangbanna Gasa International Airport is an airport serving Jinghong, Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan, China. It is also known as Jinghong Airport .
The Market Harborough Building Society is a UK building society, which has its headquarters in Market Harborough, Leicestershire. It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
Ali Mohammed Mujawar (Arabic: علي محمد مجور; born 26 April 1953) served as Prime Minister of Yemen between 7 April 2007 and December 10, 2011 and prior as electricity minister.
Albalat de la Ribera is a municipality in the "comarca" of Ribera Baixa in the Valencian Community, Spain. It is now home to the retired football manager Michael Wenman.
Alfara del Patriarca is a municipality in the "comarca" of Horta Nord in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Gerhard Boldt (24 January 1918 – 10 May 1981) was an officer in the German Army  who wrote about his experiences during World War II.
Bocairent  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain.
The Mishnock River is a river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows . 
Bicorp is a municipality in the "comarca" of Canal de Navarrés in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Casinos is a municipality in the "comarca" of Camp de Túria in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Chera is a municipality in the "comarca" of Requena-Utiel in the Valencian Community, Spain. The name in Valencian is "Xera", but the local language is Spanish, not Valencian.
Viktor Győző Barna  (24 August 1911, in Budapest, Austria-Hungary – 27 February 1972) was a Hungarian and British champion table tennis player as well as a record five times singles World Champion.
Mirambeau is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France. 
KLAK (97.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Tom Bean, Texas; mainly serving the North Texas/Southern Oklahoma region . The station broadcasts a Hot Adult Contemporary format with select Classic Hits content. 
World of Wonder Productions is a production company founded in 1991 by filmmakers Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato. Based in Los Angeles, California, the company produces reality and documentary television programs, feature films, and new media, primarily specializing in documenting erotica, sexuality and the sex subculture.
FC Eintracht Rheine is a German association football club from the city of Rheine, North Rhine-Westphalia.
The Bank of London and Montreal Limited was a joint venture between Bank of London and South America , a subsidiary of Lloyds Bank, and Bank of Montreal. It was established in 1958 and headquartered in Nassau, Bahamas.
Marc Janko (born 25 June 1983) is a former Austrian footballer who played as a striker for the Austria national team.
La Font de la Figuera  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Costera in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Jarafuel  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Valle de Cofrentes in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Grants Pass Airport , is a public airport located five miles (8 km) northwest of the city of Grants Pass in Josephine County, Oregon, USA.
The Elizabeth A. Sackler Center for Feminist Art is located on the fourth floor of the Brooklyn Museum, New York City, United States. 
Llombai is a municipality in the "comarca" of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Massamagrell  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Horta Nord in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Montroi  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Piles  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Safor in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Quart de les Valls is a municipality in the "comarca" of Camp de Morvedre in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Rafelguaraf  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
The South Branch Pawtuxet River is a river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately . 
Leela Majumdar , (26 February 1908 – 5 April 2007) was a Bengali writer.
Venta del Moro is a municipality in the "comarca" of Requena-Utiel in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Natalie Dormer (born 11 February 1982) is an English actress. Born in Berkshire, she was educated at Chiltern Edge Secondary School and Reading Blue Coat School, and trained at the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London. 
The Blue Van is a blues rock band from Denmark consisting of "Steffen Westmark" , "Søren Christensen" , "Allan Villadsen" , and "Per Jørgensen" .
Ludwik Skumin Tyszkiewicz  (born 1748 in Vilnius – 26 June 1808) was a Polish–Lithuanian nobleman  and Field Lithuanian Hetman from 1780 to 1791, Great Lithuanian Treasurer from 1791, Great Lithuanian Marshal from 1793. Member of the Targowica Confederation.
Local TV LLC was a television broadcasting company owned by Oak Hill Capital Partners which operated 20 television stations in the United States. The group was formed in 2006 by the acquisition of nine television stations owned by The New York Times Company, and grew further with the acquisition of eight former Fox owned-and-operated stations from Fox Television Stations, and a wide partnership with Tribune Broadcasting to provide management services for the stations .
WWPL (96.9 FM, "Pulse FM") is a contemporary hits radio station licensed to Goldsboro, North Carolina, which is east of the Raleigh-Durham Triangle. The station is owned by Curtis Media Group. Its studios are located in Raleigh, and the transmitter tower is near Princeton, North Carolina.
Donnemarie-Dontilly is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Annajma  is a Libyan football club based in Benghazi which plays in the Libyan Premier League.
Julius August Philipp Spitta (27 December 1841 – 13 April 1894) was a German music historian and musicologist best known for his 1873 biography of Johann Sebastian Bach.
The Blessed Stephana de Quinzanis, T.O.S.D.,  (1457 – 2 January 1530) was an Italian Dominican Sister, stigmatic and mystic.
Maspro Denkoh is a Japanese electronics manufacturer.
Lavers Hill is a town in Victoria, Australia, located inland from Port Campbell and from Apollo Bay. The township is located approximately south-west of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2016 census, Lavers Hill had a population of 78.
Fontains is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Grey River is a river located in the Magallanes Region of Chile. The river originates as the outflow of Grey Lake and flows for 20 km before it merges with the Serrano River.
Go Ah-sung (born 10 August 1992) is a South Korean actress. She began her career as a child actress, notably in 2006 top-grossing blockbuster "The Host". This was followed by major roles in "Snowpiercer" (2013), "Thread of Lies" (2014) and "Office" (2015), as well as the TV dramas "Master of Study" (2010) and "Heard It Through the Grapevine" (2015).
Smooth 91.5 (call sign: 3PTV) is a commercial radio station based in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
WMRV (1450 AM, "106.5 The River") is a radio station licensed to Spring Lake, North Carolina, serving the Fayetteville area. The station is currently licensed to Jeffrey Andrulonis' Colonial Media and Entertainment.
Albert Lee Smith Jr. (August 31, 1931 – August 12, 1997) was an Alabama politician who represented the 6th district in the United States House of Representatives during the 97th Congress (1981–1983).
Klaus Schlappner (born 22 May 1940 ) is a football manager. He is predominantly remembered for his first spell with SV Waldhof Mannheim, where he led them to the 2. 
The Wollaston Islands  are a group of islands in Chile south of Navarino Island and north of Cape Horn and east of the Hoste Island. The islands are "Grevy", "Bayly", "Wollaston" and "Freycinet", as well as the islets "Dédalo", "Surgidero", "Diana", "Otarie", "Middle" and "Adriana". The islands are part of Cabo de Hornos National Park.
Prineville Airport is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Prineville, in Crook County, Oregon, United States. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013, it is classified as a "general aviation" airport.
The Italian Animalist Party  is a minor animal rights and animal welfare political party in Italy. It was founded on 4 July 2006 and is led by Cristiano Ceriello.
NightOwl Convenience Stores is a franchised system of convenience stores operating in Australia - predominantly in the state of Queensland.
Lucien Muller-Schmidt (born September 3, 1934) is a former French footballer and manager born in Bischwiller who played as a midfielder.
Croatian News Agency  is the government-owned national news agency of Croatia. It was established on 26 July 1990. 
Unione Sportiva Fiorenzuola 1922 Società Sportiva is an Italian association football club from Fiorenzuola d'Arda, Emilia-Romagna. The club currently plays in Serie D.
The Reich Party of the German Middle Class , known from 1920–25 as the Economic Party of the German Middle Classes , was a conservative German political party during the Weimar Republic. It was commonly known as the Wirtschaftspartei or WP.
Augusto Genina (28 January 1892 – 18 September 1957) was an Italian film pioneer. He was a movie producer and director.
Eusebio Di Francesco (; born 8 September 1969) is an Italian manager, and former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He manages Sampdoria.
Goyave is a commune in the French overseas region and department of Guadeloupe, in the Lesser Antilles. It is part of the urban area of Pointe-à-Pitre, the largest metropolitan area in Guadeloupe.
Gelbensande is a municipality in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It is located in the Rostock district, near Rostock, Ribnitz-Damgarten and Stralsund. Four other villages are part of Gelbensande.
Muro de Aguas is a small municipality (pop. 61 (2007)) in the southern part of La Rioja, Spain, near Arnedo.
Sun Shuwei (; born February 1, 1976 in Shantou, Guangdong) is a famous Chinese diver.
It is the key station of MegaNet.
Walter Frentz (; 21 August 1907 – 6 July 2004) was a German cameraman, film producer and photographer, who was considerably involved in the picture propaganda of Nazi Germany.
The Museu Nacional do Traje e da Moda is located in Monteiro-Mor Palace, in Lisbon, Portugal. It has a collection of 33.000 items, which includes mainly masculine and feminine costumes from the 18th and 19th centuries.
Kungsgatan  is a street address in central Stockholm.
Benferri  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Vega Baja del Segura in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Callosa de Segura  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Vega Baja del Segura in the Valencian Community, Spain. It contains the historic monument of the Church of St Martin.
Oregon College of Oriental Medicine  is a private college in Portland, Oregon focused on graduate degrees in acupuncture and Oriental medicine. OCOM's programs are accredited by the Accreditation Commission for Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine and authorized by the Oregon Student Assistance Commission's Office of Degree Authorization to award Master of Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine and Doctor of Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine degrees.
Mathieu Amalric (; born 25 October 1965) is a French actor and film-maker. He is best known internationally for his performance as the lead villain in the James Bond film "Quantum of Solace", his performance in Steven Spielberg's "Munich", and for his role in "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly", for which he drew critical acclaim. He has also won several César Awards and the Lumières Award.
Nanni Loy (born Giovanni Loi; 23 October 1925 – 21 August 1995) was an Italian film, theatre and TV director. Specifically, Nanni Loy was Sardinian, and one of several notable Sardinian film makers, including Franco Solinas. 
NRK3  is a digital TV channel aimed at youth and young adults and produced by the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation.
Maro River also known as Sungai Merauke and Merauke-rivier, Merauki River flows in Merauke Regency, Papua Province, Indonesia. 
Central Maine Community College is a community college located in Auburn, Maine. It is one of the seven colleges in the Maine Community College System.
Flatlinerz is a horrorcore group from New York City. They are responsible for introducing the term "horrorcore" with their 1994 release "U.S.A. ".
Shelley Isabel Mann (October 15, 1937 – March 24, 2005) was an American competition swimmer and Olympic medalist at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia where she won the gold medal in the women's 100-meter butterfly event, and was a member of the U.S. team that won the silver medal for the women's 4×100-meter freestyle relay.
Englos is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
The Giona is a ‘torrent’, or intermittent stream, which rises on the slopes of Monte Tamaro, in the Swiss canton of Ticino. After about , it enters the Italian province of Varese, forming the Val Veddasca before entering Lake Maggiore at Maccagno. Its course passes through the communes of Indemini in Switzerland and Veddasca, Curiglia con Monteviasco, Dumenza and Maccagno in Italy.
The Peloritani  are a mountain range of north-eastern Sicily, in southern Italy, extending for some 65 km from Capo Peloro to the Nebrodi Mountains. On the north and east they are bordered by the Tyrrhenian and Ionian Seas, respectively, and on the south by the Alcantara River .
The in Tokyo, Japan, is the foremost museum collecting and exhibiting modern Japanese art.
Juggaknots is an American hip hop group from New York consisting of siblings Breeze Brewin' , Queen Herawin , and Buddy Slim . The group has collaborated with Mr. Len, Sadat X, and Prince Paul.
George Castriot (; 6 May 1405 – 17 January 1468), known as Skanderbeg , was an Albanian nobleman and military commander who led a rebellion against the Ottoman Empire in what is today Albania, North Macedonia, Republic of Kosovo, Montenegro and Serbia. 
Carey L. Lloyd (July 4, 1933 – November 13, 1993), also known by his ring name Rufus R. "Freight Train" Jones, was an American professional wrestler who competed in the Central States and Mid-Atlantic regional promotions of the National Wrestling Alliance as well as the American Wrestling Association during the 1970s and 1980s.
Renzo Montagnani (September 11, 1930 – May 22, 1997) was an Italian actor and voice actor.
Country Garden  is a property development company based in Guangdong Province, China, owned by Yang Guoqiang's family. In 2018, it is ranked 353rd in Fortune Global 500 List. 
The Collie River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.
Block O is a student organization on the campus of The Ohio State University and also serves as the official student cheering section of the Ohio State Buckeyes. Founded in 1938, Block O has grown to become the largest student organization on the campus of The Ohio State University.
Saint-Hilaire-du-Bois is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Owyhee Reservoir State Airport is a public airport located 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Owyhee, in Malheur County, Oregon, United States.
WYFB is a non-commercial radio station in Gainesville, Florida, broadcasting to the Gainesville-Ocala, Florida area on 90.5 FM. It is part of the Bible Broadcasting Network, along with Belleview-based WYFZ, Lakeland-based WYFO, Port St. Joe-based WDBW-LP and Tarpon Springs-based WYFE. WYFB's format is religious programming, and the station is broadcast on translators in Ocala and Palm Coast.
Hikmet Temel Akarsu (born 1960 in Gümüşhane, Turkey) is a Turkish novelist, short-story writer, satirist and playwright.
Fabiano Luigi Caruana (born July 30, 1992) is an Italian-American chess grandmaster. A chess prodigy, he became a grandmaster at the age of 14 years, 11 months and 20 days—the youngest grandmaster in the history of both Italy and the United States at the time.
WDVH is a commercial radio station in Gainesville, Florida, broadcasting to the Gainesville-Ocala, Florida area on 980 AM.
Scott Bennett "Scotty" Jacoby (born November 26, 1956 in Skokie, Illinois) is an American actor. He won an Emmy Award for his role in the 1972 television film "That Certain Summer". 
Ali Hüsrev Bozer (born 28 July 1925) is a Turkish politician and academic of commercial law.
Memphis Brooks Museum of Art is an art museum in Memphis, Tennessee. The Brooks Museum, which was founded in 1916, is the oldest and largest art museum in the state of Tennessee. The museum is a privately funded nonprofit institution located in Overton Park in Midtown Memphis.
Kyambogo University  is a public university in Uganda. It is one of the eight public universities and degree-awarding institutions in the country.
Otto Hermann Kahn (February 21, 1867 – March 29, 1934) was a German-born American investment banker, collector, philanthropist, and patron of the arts.
Ronald Campbell (born 14 August 1943) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament  for Blyth Valley since the 1987 general election.
Jean Ann Corston, Baroness Corston, PC (born 5 May 1942) is a British Labour politician.
Lynda Bellingham, OBE (31 May 194819 October 2014) was an English actress, broadcaster and author perhaps best known for her appearances as the mother in the long-running series of "Oxo Family" British TV adverts between 1983 and 1999. She is also known for her roles in the drama series "All Creatures Great and Small", "Second Thoughts" and "Faith in the Future". She was a panellist on the ITV lunchtime chat show "Loose Women" between 2007 and 2011.
RAI – Radiotelevisione italiana (; commercially styled as Rai since 2000; known until 1954 as "Radio Audizioni Italiane" is the national public broadcasting company of Italy, owned by the Ministry of Economy and Finance.
Abu Abdullah Muhammad al-Idrisi al-Qurtubi al-Hasani as-Sabti, or simply al-Idrisi (; ; 1100 – 1165), was an Arab Muslim geographer, cartographer and Egyptologist who lived in Palermo, Sicily at the court of King Roger II. Muhammed al-Idrisi was born in Ceuta then belonging to the Moroccan Almoravids.
Judith Helen Martz (née Morstein; July 28, 1943 – October 30, 2017) was an American politician who served as the 22nd Governor of Montana, the first and to date only woman to have held the office. She served from January 1, 2001 to January 3, 2005. She previously served as the 31st Lieutenant Governor of Montana from 1997 to 2001 under the governorship of Marc Racicot.
The Union of Citizens of Georgia   was a centre-left political party established by Eduard Shevardnadze, President of Georgia from 1992–2003 and David Chantladze, former General Trade Representative of the Soviet Union to Czechoslovakia. It was established in the mid-1990s as a vehicle for modernising politicians. 
Mark Gino Francois (; 14 August 1965) is a British politician and former lobbyist serving as Deputy Chairman of the European Research Group  since 2018. A member of the Conservative Party, he has been the Member of Parliament  for Rayleigh and Wickford since 2010. Francois was first elected as the MP for Rayleigh in 2001.
Sidney Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Lea, PC (16 September 1810 – 2 August 1861) was a British statesman and a close ally and confidant of Florence Nightingale.
Scout Key is an island in the lower Florida Keys. It was previously known as West Summerland Key until 2010. U.S. 1  crosses the key at approximately mile markers 34—35, between Spanish Harbor Key and Big Pine Key.
George Gideon Oliver Osborne (born 23 May 1971) is a British newspaper editor and former Conservative Party politician, who was Member of Parliament  for Tatton from June 2001 until he stood down on 3 May 2017. He served as Chancellor of the Exchequer under Prime Minister David Cameron from 2010 to 2016. 
Herbert John Streicher (August 27, 1947 – March 19, 2013), better known by his professional pseudonym Harry Reems, was an American pornographic actor whose most famous roles were as Doctor Young in the 1972 pornographic cult classic "Deep Throat" and The Teacher in the 1973 classic "The Devil in Miss Jones". Throughout the 1970s and into the mid-1980s he was one of the most prolific performers in the adult film industry. 
The Leniwka  is a river in northern Poland, one of the branches of the Vistula. It is long, and flows into Gdańsk Bay, forming the southern border of Ostrów Island and Sobieszewo Island.
Julian Bobby de Guzman (born March 25, 1981) is a Canadian soccer coach and former professional player who is the general manager of the Ottawa Fury.
The River Blyth is a river in east Suffolk, England. Its source is near Laxfield and it reaches a tidal estuary between Southwold and Walberswick on the North Sea coast.
Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania  is a public university in Shippensburg, Pennsylvania. It is part of the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education . Shippensburg University is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.
KFWD, virtual channel 52 (VHF digital channel 9), is a SonLife Broadcasting Network-affiliated television station licensed to Fort Worth, Texas, United States and serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex. Owned by NRJ Holdings LLC, KFWD maintains offices in Coppell, and its transmitter is located south of Belt Line Road in Cedar Hill. 
Lyubertsy  is a city and the administrative center of Lyuberetsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia. Population: 
Muḥammad ibn Yusuf al-Ilāqī was an eleventh-century Persian physician from Khorasan.
Treze Futebol Clube is a Brazilian football team from Campina Grande in Paraíba, founded on September 7, 1925. Historically, the club has competed in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A several times. Recently, the club has competed only in lower divisions of the national league, the Copa do Brasil, the regional Copa do Nordeste and the Paraíba State Championship
The Zambia Republican Party is a political party in Zambia.
Mardān  is a city in the Mardan District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, Pakistan. Located in the Valley of Peshawar, Mardan is the second-largest city of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, after the nearby city of Peshawar.
Grottaferrata  is a small town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome, situated on the lower slopes of the Alban Hills, south east of Rome. It has grown up around the Abbey of Santa Maria di Grottaferrata, founded in 1004. Nearby communes include Frascati, Rocca di Papa, Marino and Rome.
Barbizon is a commune  in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France. It is located near the Fontainebleau Forest.
Sadiq Aman Khan (; born 8 October 1970) is a British politician serving as Mayor of London since 2016. A member of the Labour Party, he was the Member of Parliament  for Tooting from 2005 until 2016; Khan is on the party's soft left and has been ideologically characterised as a social democrat.
Clube 15 de Novembro, or 15 de Novembro (also known as 15 de Campo Bom) as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Campo Bom in Rio Grande do Sul, founded on 15 November 1911.
The Mahananda River  is a trans-boundary river that flows through the Indian states of West Bengal and Bihar, and Bangladesh.
The Maroni or Marowijne  is a river in South America that forms the border between French Guiana and Suriname.
Jeremy Paul Wright (born 24 October 1972) is a British lawyer and politician serving as Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport since 2018. A member of he Conservative Party, he has been the Member of Parliament  for Kenilworth and Southam since 2010. Wright was first elected in 2005 as the MP for Rugby and Kenilworth, a constituency that was abolished at the next general election.
Kogalymavia , DBA Metrojet , was a Russian airline based in Kogalym, Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug. Its home base was at Kogalym International Airport, with the main hub at Domodedovo International Airport in Moscow. It suspended all operations in December 2015.
Charles Geoffrey Cox (born 30 April 1960) is a British Conservative Party politician and barrister serving as Member of Parliament  for Torridge and West Devon since 2005. Cox worked as a barrister from 1982 onwards and was appointed a Queen's Counsel in 2003. 
C-Town Supermarkets is a chain of independently owned and operated supermarkets operating in the northeastern United States.
Rose McConnell Long (April 8, 1892May 27, 1970) was a United States Senator and the wife of Huey Long. She was the third woman to ever serve as a U.S. Senator, and the first from Louisiana.
Feminist Initiative  is a radical feminist political party in Sweden. The party was formed in 2005 from a pressure group of the same name, and has since taken part in every election to the Riksdag and the European Parliament. 
The Florida Blazers were an American football team who played in the World Football League in 1974. The team moved to San Antonio in 1975 and became the San Antonio Wings.
Pateley Bridge  is a small market town in Nidderdale in the Borough of Harrogate, North Yorkshire, England. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it lies on the River Nidd.
Electric Frankenstein is an American band from Whippany, Clifton, and other areas of New Jersey, founded by Sal Canzonieri. Their music is generally considered punk rock, but includes elements of hard rock and heavy metal as well. 
Alegranza  is an island in the Atlantic Ocean, located off the coast of Africa and is in the province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands, Spain. It is the northernmost point in the Canary Islands, and part of the Chinijo Archipelago. The island is part of the municipality of Teguise on Lanzarote.
Iraty Sport Club, or simply Iraty, is a Brazilian football team from Irati in Paraná, founded on April 21, 1914.
Valley Grande is a city in Dallas County, Alabama, United States, just north of Selma. Incorporated in early 2003, Valley Grande has a mayor-council form of government. The city's population was 4,020 at the time of the 2010 census.
Solinair d.o.o. is a Slovenian airline based at Ljubljana Jože Pučnik Airport. 
Turbessel  is a fortress and bronze-age tumulus in south-eastern Turkey, near the village of Gündoğan in the district of Oğuzeli, within Gaziantep Province.
Guillaume Depardieu (7 April 1971 – 13 October 2008) was a French actor, winner of a César Award, and the oldest child of Gérard Depardieu.
Jahangirnagar University  is a public university in Bangladesh, based in Savar Upazila, Dhaka. It is one of the top and only fully residential university in Bangladesh.
Ivana Marie "Ivanka" Trump , also known as Yael Kushner (; born October 30, 1981), is an American businesswoman, fashion designer, author, and reality television personality who is currently Advisor to the President of the United States. She is the daughter and second child of President Donald Trump and his former wife model Ivana Trump. She is the first Jewish member of a First Family, having converted before marrying her Jewish husband, Jared Kushner.
Ernst Kretschmer (8 October 18888 February 1964) was a German psychiatrist who researched the human constitution and established a typology.
Kibuye is a city in Karongi District, and the headquarters of the Western Province in Rwanda.
The Middlesex and Boston Street Railway  was a streetcar and later bus company in the area west of Boston, Massachusetts. Streetcars last ran in 1930, and in 1972 the company's operations were merged into the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority .
LagunAir Líneas Aéreas, usually referred to simply as LagunAir, was an airline based in León, Spain. It operated scheduled domestic passenger services to 19 destinations on the Spanish mainland, and to Menorca, Majorca, and Ibiza. 
Shibam , often referred to as Shibam Haḍramawt  is a town in Yemen. With about 7,000 inhabitants, it is the seat of the District of Shibam in the Governorate of Hadhramaut. 
Riesa is a town in the district of Meißen in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is located on the Elbe River, approximately northwest of Dresden.
Swiftair S.A. is an airline headquartered in Madrid, Spain. It operates scheduled and charter, passenger and cargo flights in Europe, North Africa and the Middle East. 
Aero Lloyd Flugreisen GmbH & Co, operating as Aero Lloyd, was a German charter airline based in Oberursel, Germany. It was headquartered in Building 182 at Frankfurt Airport in Frankfurt before it was moved to Oberursel.
Silius is a town and "comune" in the province of South Sardinia, Sardinia, Italy. In 2001 it had a population of 1,384.
Steinhausen, officially Steinhausen an der Rottum  is a town, from Ochsenhausen, in the Biberach district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Joseph Brevard Kershaw (January 5, 1822 – April 13, 1894) was a lawyer, judge, and a Confederate general in the American Civil War.
Grant Shapps (born 14 September 1968) is a British Conservative Party politician, former Minister of State at the Department for International Development and former Chairman of the Conservative Party. He is Member of Parliament for Welwyn Hatfield. 
Helen Catherine Goodman (born 2 January 1958) is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament for Bishop Auckland since 2005. She was the Parliamentary Under Secretary of State in the Department for Work and Pensions until 2010 with responsibility for child poverty and childcare.
Nia Rhiannon Griffith (born 4 December 1956) is a Welsh Labour politician, who has been the Member of Parliament  for Llanelli since 2005.
CBOQ-FM is a Canadian radio station. It broadcasts the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation's CBC Music network at 103.3 FM in Ottawa, Ontario. CBOQ's studios are located in the CBC Ottawa Broadcast Centre on Sparks Street, while its transmitter is located in Camp Fortune, Quebec.
CBF-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station licensed to Montreal, Quebec.
Robert Charles Douglas Flello (born 14 January 1966) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament  for Stoke-on-Trent South from 2005 to 2017. He lost his seat at the 2017 general election to Conservative Party candidate Jack Brereton.
Ruvo del Monte  is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the region of Basilicata. It is bounded by the comuni of Atella, Calitri, Rapone, Rionero in Vulture, San Fele.
James Bertram Collip, (November 20, 1892 – June 19, 1965) was a Canadian biochemist who was part of the Toronto group which isolated insulin. He served as the Chair of the Department of Biochemistry at McGill University from 1928–1941 and Dean of Medicine at the University of Western Ontario from 1947–1961, where he was a charter member of The Kappa Alpha Society.
Oenone Wood (born 24 September 1980 in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia) is a retired professional cyclist, who commenced her cycling career in 2001 at the age of 21. She was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
Rosemary Elizabeth Cooper (born 5 September 1950) is a British Labour Party politician who was first elected as the Member of Parliament  for West Lancashire in 2005.
Yossi Shai Benayoun (, born 5 May 1980) is a retired Israeli professional footballer who last played for Beitar Jerusalem and captained the Israel national team. He played as an attacking midfielder, often occupying the space just behind the striker. 
Vivian Patrick Campbell (born 25 August 1962) is a Northern Irish rock guitarist. He came to prominence in the early 1980s as a member of Dio, and has been a member of Def Leppard since 1992  Campbell has also worked with Thin Lizzy, Whitesnake, Sweet Savage, Trinity, Riverdogs, and Shadow King.
Carolyn Jane Waldo, (born December 11, 1964 in Montreal, Quebec) is a former synchronized swimmer from Canada.
National American University  is an online for-profit university with locations at Ellsworth Air Force Base and King's Bay Naval Submarine Base. It is owned by National American University Holdings, Inc. The company is headquartered in Rapid City, South Dakota. 
Alix of France (July–August 1150 – 1197/1198) was countess consort of Blois by marriage to Theobald V, Count of Blois. She was regent of Blois during the absence of her spouse in 1190-1191, and regent during the minority of Louis I, Count of Blois from 1191 until 1197.
Colby A.F.C. are a football club from Colby on the Isle of Man. They compete in the Isle of Man Football League and wear black and white kits. 
Douglas Athletic F.C. are a football club from Douglas on the Isle of Man. They compete in the Isle of Man Football League and wear a pink and black kit. 
Robert Deroy Windham (1942 – April 7, 2016), better known by his ring name Blackjack Mulligan, was an American professional wrestler, author, and American football player. He was the father of wrestlers Barry and Kendall Windham, father-in-law of Mike Rotunda, and the maternal grandfather of Bray Wyatt and Bo Dallas.
Hanover is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario with a population of about 7,650 residents. It is located in southwestern Grey County, bordering on Bruce County, west of Durham and east of Walkerton on Grey/Bruce Road 4. 
Shawn Yue Man-lok (born 13 November 1981) is a Hong Kong actor and singer. A former model, he has starred in many films such as "Jiang Hu" and "Infernal Affairs II" and has established himself as a recognisable face in Hong Kong cinema.
The Scheumann Stadium, formerly known as the Ball State Stadium, is in Muncie, Indiana. It is primarily used for football, and is the home field of the Ball State University Cardinals. The stadium opened in 1967, and has a capacity of 22,500 for football games.
John Stuart, 1st Marquess of Bute PC, FRS (30 June 1744 – 16 November 1814), styled Lord Mount Stuart until 1792 and known as The Earl of Bute between 1792 and 1794, was a British nobleman, diplomat and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1766 to 1776.
Michael "Mike" Todd (born Avrom Hirsch Goldbogen, June 22, 1909 – March 22, 1958) was an American theater and film producer, best known for his 1956 production of "Around the World in 80 Days", which won an Academy Award for Best Picture. He is known as the third of Elizabeth Taylor's seven husbands, and is the only one whom she did not divorce . 
The Progressive Policy Institute  is a non-profit, 501(3) organization that serves as a public policy think tank in the United States. The Democratic Leadership Council  founded it in 1989. The "Washington Post" calls it "a centrist Democratic institution."
Olivia Lewis (born 18 October 1978) is a singer from Qormi, Malta.
Arkalyk  is a city in Kostanay Region, northern Kazakhstan. Earlier, it was the centre of Torgay Region, which was abolished in 1997. 
The Haus der Kunst  is a non-collecting modern and contemporary art museum in Munich, Germany. It is located at Prinzregentenstraße 1 at the southern edge of the Englischer Garten, Munich's largest park.
Aristobulus II  was the Jewish High Priest and King of Judea, 66 BC to 63 BC, from the Hasmonean Dynasty.
The National University of the Patagonia San Juan Bosco  is a higher education establishment in Patagonia, southern Argentina. It was created on February 25, 1980, by law 22.713, as the merge of two national universities: the "Universidad de San Juan Bosco" and "Universidad Nacional de la Patagonia". 
Annbank United Football Club are a Scottish football club from Annbank, South Ayrshire. Formed in 1939, they are based at New Pebble Park and are nicknamed ""The Bankies"". They compete in the Ayrshire District League of the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association and wear black and white strips .
F.C. United of Manchester is a semi-professional football club in Moston, Manchester, England, that competes in , the seventh tier of the English football league system, and plays home matches at Broadhurst Park.
The Centre Party  is a Christian-democratic, conservative political party on the Faroe Islands, led by Jenis av Rana. The party is known for its traditionalist stance on social issues, in particular on LGBT rights and homosexuality in general.
Crusaders Football Club is a professional Northern Irish football club playing in the NIFL Premiership. The club, founded in 1898, hails from Belfast and plays its home matches at Seaview.
Leonard Barrie "Barry" Corbin (born October 16, 1940) is an American actor. His most well-known role came in the television series "Northern Exposure" (1990–1995), for which he was consecutively nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards.
Wilhelm von Tegetthoff (23 December 18277 April 1871) was an Austrian admiral. He commanded the fleet of the North Sea during the Second Schleswig War of 1864, and the Austro-Prussian War of 1866. 
Zhao Hongbo (; born 22 September 1973) is a Chinese pair skater. With his partner and wife Shen Xue, Zhao is the 2010 Olympic champion, the 2002 & 2006 Olympic bronze medalist, a three-time World champion (2002, 2003 & 2007), a three-time Four Continents Champion (1999, 2003 & 2007) and a six-time Grand Prix Final champion (1998, 1999, 2003, 2004, 2006 & 2009).
Wellington Island is an island west of Southern Patagonian Ice Field, Chile. It has an area of 5,556 km² and most of the island forms part of Bernardo O'Higgins National Park. 
Yuka Sato was born in Tokyo to figure skating parents. Her father, Nobuo Sato, competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics and 1964 Winter Olympics while her mother, Kumiko Okawa, competed in the 1964 Winter Olympics and 1968 Winter Olympics. Her parents, as of 2011, live near Yokohama.
Chioggia  is a coastal town and "comune" of the Metropolitan City of Venice in the Veneto region of northern Italy.
Dong-A University is a private university in Busan, South Korea. It is the only private university and one of two universities that has both medical and law school in Greater Busan, the second-largest city in South Korea.
ParknShop   is one of the two largest supermarket chains in Hong Kong, the other being Wellcome. ParknShop operates more than 300 outlets in Hong Kong, Macau and Mainland China.
Park Jung-hyun (; born March 23, 1976), also known as Lena Park , is an American-born South Korean singer who debuted in 1998 with the album, "Piece." She is known in South Korea as "the nation's fairy" due to her small stature and strong singing voice.
Johann Georg Turmair  (4 July 1477 – 9 January 1534), known by the pen name Johannes Aventinus  or Aventin, was a Bavarian Renaissance humanist historian and philologist. He authored the 1523 "Annals of Bavaria", a valuable record of the early history of Germany.
The Samnaun Alps are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps, named after the Swiss municipality of Samnaun. They are located at the border of the Austrian state of Tyrol and the Graubünden canton of Switzerland.
The Langhe  is a hilly area to the south and east of the river Tanaro in the province of Cuneo in Piedmont, northern Italy.
William Raymond Norwood Jr. (born January 17, 1981), known professionally as Ray J, is an American singer, rapper, songwriter, television personality, actor, and entrepreneur. Born in McComb, Mississippi and raised in Carson, California, he is the brother of recording artist and actress Brandy Norwood and the first cousin of rapper Snoop Dogg. 
The Bear River Range , is a mountain range located in northeastern Utah and southeastern Idaho in the western United States.
Ernst Pascual Jordan (; 18 October 1902 – 31 July 1980) was a German theoretical and mathematical physicist who made significant contributions to quantum mechanics and quantum field theory. He contributed much to the mathematical form of matrix mechanics, and developed canonical anticommutation relations for fermions. 
Ventimiglia  is a city, "comune"  and bishopric in Liguria, northern Italy, in the province of Imperia. It is located southwest of Genoa, and from the French-Italian border, on the Gulf of Genoa, having a small harbour at the mouth of the Roia River, which divides the town into two parts. 
KETK-TV, virtual channel 56 (UHF digital channel 22), is an NBC-affiliated television station serving Tyler and Longview, Texas, United States that is licensed to Jacksonville. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, which also operates Longview-licensed Fox affiliate KFXK-TV (channel 51) and Tyler-licensed low-power MyNetworkTV affiliate KTPN-LD (channel 48) under a shared services agreement with owner White Knight Broadcasting. 
Saint-Sernin-sur-Rance is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
NTD is an Australian television station, licensed to and serving Darwin, Palmerston and surrounding areas. The station is owned and operated by the Nine Entertainment Co., and is an owned-and-operated station of the Nine Network, under the company name "Territory Television Pty. 
Ferdinand Raimund (born Ferdinand Jakob Raimann; 1 June 1790 – 5 September 1836, Pottenstein, Lower Austria) was an Austrian actor and dramatist.
Morten Gamst Pedersen (born 8 September 1981) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Norwegian club Tromsø, the club with which he began his career.
Selkirk is a city in the western Canadian province of Manitoba, located on the Red River about northeast of the provincial capital Winnipeg. It has a population of 10,278 as of the 2016 census.
The Prussian Navy  was the naval force of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1701 to 1867. 
Constance of Austria (; ; 24 December 1588 – 10 July 1631) was queen of Poland as the second wife of King Sigismund III Vasa and the mother of King John II Casimir.
Lemon Creek is a stream located on the South Shore of Staten Island in New York City. It is one of the few remaining ground-level creeks in New York City.
Teesta River  is a long river that rises in the eastern Himalayas, flows through the Indian states of West Bengal and Sikkim through Bangladesh and enters the Bay of Bengal. It drains an area of .
Abraham a Sancta Clara (July 2, 1644December 1, 1709), German divine, was born at Kreenheinstetten, near Messkirch. His lay name was Johann Ulrich Megerle. 
Georgian Technical University  is the main and largest technical university of Georgia. It is located in the capital city of Tbilisi. 
The University of San Carlos  is a private Catholic research university in Cebu City, Philippines which is administered by the Society of the Divine Word  missionaries since 1935. It provides basic education , undergraduate and graduate studies higher education.
Agidel  is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located near the border with the Republic of Tatarstan. Population: 
Puntarenas (; is the capital and largest city in the Province of Puntarenas, on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica.
Mikhail Aleksandrovich "Michael" Chekhov (, 29 August 1891 – 30 September 1955) was a Russian-American actor, director, author and theatre practitioner. He was a nephew of the playwright Anton Chekhov and a student of Konstantin Stanislavski. 
Rush Dew Holt Sr. (June 19, 1905 – February 8, 1955) was an American politician who was a United States Senator from West Virginia (1935–1941) and a member of the West Virginia House of Delegates (1931–1935, 1942–1950, 1954–1955).
The Anna Scher Theatre is a community-based drama school based in Islington, north London. It was founded in 1968 by Anna Scher.
Margaret Patricia Curran (born 24 November 1958) is a Scottish Labour Party politician, who was Member of Parliament  for Glasgow East from 2010 to 2015 and was Shadow Secretary of State for Scotland from 2011 until 2015. She was previously Member of the Scottish Parliament for Glasgow Baillieston from 1999 to 2011, and held a number of posts within the Scottish Executive, including Minister for Parliamentary Business, Minister for Social Justice and Minister for Communities.
The Reuben and Edith Hecht Museum is a museum located on the grounds of the University of Haifa, Israel.
WCBS-TV, channel 2, is the flagship station of the CBS television network, licensed to New York City. WCBS-TV is owned by the CBS Television Stations division of CBS Corporation, and operates as part of a television duopoly with WLNY-TV (channel 55), Riverhead, New York. 
TM Network is a Japanese pop/rock musical band. The members are Tetsuya Komuro , Takashi Utsunomiya  and Naoto Kine . When they released the single "Get Wild" in 1987, their music became popular in Japan as the "futuristic pop songs with synthesizer."
Belorado is a village and municipality in Spain, belonging to the Province of Burgos, in the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It has a population of approximately 2,100 inhabitants. It is also known for being a city in the Way of Saint James.
Big Sky Airlines was a U.S. commuter air carrier that operated from 1978 to 2008. Headquartered in Billings, Montana, United States. 
The Eyre Peninsula is a triangular peninsula in South Australia. It is bounded on the east by Spencer Gulf, the west by the Great Australian Bight, and the north by the Gawler Ranges. 
Thomas Fehlmann (born 1957 in Zürich, Switzerland), is a Swiss-born composer/producer who lives in Berlin, Germany, and has been active in electronic music as far back as the 1980s. He is currently active on the Kompakt record label based in Germany. 
Scottburgh  is a coastal resort town situated on the mouth of the Mpambanyoni River "." Neighbouring towns include Pennington, Renishaw, Freeland Park, Umkomaas, Sezela, Bazley, Amahlongwa, Clansthal, Park Rynie and Dududu.
Cardinal-Infante Ferdinand (also known as Don Fernando de Austria, Cardenal-Infante Fernando de España and as Ferdinand von Österreich; May 1609 or 1610 – 9 November 1641) was Governor of the Spanish Netherlands, Cardinal of the Holy Catholic Church, Infante of Spain, Infante of Portugal (until 1640), Archduke of Austria, Archbishop of Toledo (1619–41), and military commander during the Thirty Years' War.
DTU Space  is a Danish sector research Institute and a part of the Technical University of Denmark. It has a staff of 169, including researchers, engineers, and technicians.
Dogs Die in Hot Cars is a Scottish band from St. Andrews consisting of members Craig Macintosh , Gary Smith  Ruth Quigley , Lee Worrall  and Laurence Davey .
Kim Jung-woo (, born 9 May 1982), is a South Korean football player.
Steve Rude (born December 31, 1956) is an American comics artist. He is best known as the co-creator of "Nexus".
Marc Robert Wilmots (born 22 February 1969) is a Belgian international former footballer who is currently the manager of the Iran national football team. During his club career as attacking midfielder, he won trophies with KV Mechelen, Standard Liège and Schalke 04.
John Paintsil (born 15 June 1981) is a retired Ghanaian professional footballer who is currently an assistant manager at Kaizer Chiefs in the Premier Soccer League. He played club football for Berekum Arsenal, Liberty Professionals, Maccabi Tel Aviv, Hapoel Tel Aviv, West Ham United, Fulham, Leicester City, Santos and Maritzburg United as well as internationally for Ghana.
Tionne Tenese Watkins (born April 26, 1970), better known by her stage name T-Boz, is an American singer, songwriter, actress, author, and executive producer. Born in Des Moines, Iowa, Watkins rose to fame in the early 1990s as a member of the girl-group TLC. She has won four Grammy Awards for her work with TLC.
The University of the Sunshine Coast  is a public university based on the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia. After opening with 524 students in 1996 as the Sunshine Coast University College, it was later renamed the University of the Sunshine Coast in 1999. 
Domenico Fetti  (c. 1589 – 1623) was an Italian Baroque painter who had been active mainly in Rome, Mantua and Venice.
College for Creative Studies  is a private college in Detroit, Michigan. The college enrolls more than 1,400 students and focuses on arts education. 
Between the Buried and Me is an American progressive metal band from Raleigh, North Carolina. Formed in 2000, the band consists of Tommy Giles Rogers Jr. , Paul Waggoner , Dustie Waring , Dan Briggs , and Blake Richardson .
Pierre le Pesant, sieur de Boisguilbert or Boisguillebert (; 17 February 164610 October 1714) was a French law-maker and a Jansenist, one of the inventors of the notion of an economical market.
Gaius Trebonius (c. 92 BC – January 43 BC) was a military commander and politician of the late Roman Republic, who became suffect consul in 45 BC. A trusted associate of Julius Caesar, he was later among those who instigated the plot to assassinate the dictator.
Ferdinand  Hiller (24 October 1811 – 11 May 1885) was a German composer, conductor, pianist, writer and music director.
Gaius Helvius Cinna was an influential neoteric poet of the late Roman Republic, a little older than the generation of Catullus and Calvus.
Demmin  is a town in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It was the capital of the former district of Demmin.
Kavaratti is the capital of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep in India. Kavaratti is a census town as well as the name of the atoll upon which the town stands.
The party known as National Solidarity Movement of Afghanistan  is led by Sayed Ishaq Gailani. It supported Hamid Karzai in the 2004 presidential election despite its previous support for the former King Zahir Shah. It is connected with powerful conservative families in the Pashtun region.
Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited  is a listed corporation based in Hong Kong. The company is controlled by the Kwok family trust set up by Kwok Tak-seng, who co-founded the company.
Apna Dal is an Indian political party active in the state of Uttar Pradesh. The party finds its support base mainly among the OBC communities of the Varanasi region.
James Preston Kem (April 2, 1890February 24, 1965) was an American politician representing Missouri in the United States Senate from 1947 to 1953.
DreamCatcher Interactive Inc.  was a Canadian video game publisher founded in 1996 by Richard Wah Kan. In 2006, the company became a subsidiary of JoWooD Entertainment. In 2011, the company went into administration along with its parent JoWooD and all assets were purchased by Nordic Games Holding. 
Kayak Island,  which includes the Bering Expedition Landing Site, is located in the Gulf of Alaska, 100 km (62 mi) SE of Cordova, Alaska Malaspina Coastal Plain, on the eastern edge of Chugach National Forest. It has a land area of 73.695 km² (28.454 sq mi) and no population.
The Kuban-Black Sea Soviet Republic (May 30 – July 6, 1918) was part of the Russian SFSR. Its capital was Yekaterinodar.
Jammu and Kashmir Democratic Freedom Party is a separatist political party launched by Shabir Shah in May 1998. JKDFP called for tripartite negotiations between India, Pakistan and Kashmir.
Karrantza , also known as Karrantza Harana  is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country. It is located in the comarca of Enkarterri and it is the westernmost and largest  municipality of the province.
Democratic Reform British Columbia  was a progressive–centrist political party in the Province of British Columbia, Canada.
Stowmarket Town Football Club is an English football club based in Stowmarket, Suffolk. The club are currently members of the and play at Greens Meadow.
Ixopo is a town situated on a tributary of the Mkhomazi River along the R56 highway in the midlands of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa and forms part of an important sugar farming, and forestry area.
Ibarra is a town and municipality located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain. By 2003 INE figures Ibarra had a total population of 4,374.
Struisbaai is a coastal settlement in the Overberg region of South Africa's Western Cape province. The town is in the Cape Agulhas Local Municipality in the Overberg District, about two hundred kilometres south east of Cape Town, and four kilometres from Cape Agulhas, which is the southernmost point of the African continent.
Willem "Wim" Schermerhorn (17 December 1894 – 10 March 1977) was a Dutch politician of the defunct Free-thinking Democratic League  and later co-founder of the Labour Party . He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 25 June 1945 until 3 July 1946. 
Godhead, occasionally typeset as gODHEAD, is an American rock band from Washington, D.C. They are most often credited with being the only band signed to musician Marilyn Manson's short-lived vanity label, Posthuman Records.
Esther Roth-Shachamorov  (born April 16, 1952 in Tel Aviv) is a former Israeli track and field athlete. She specialized in the 100-meter hurdles and the 100-meter sprint.
Abram Piatt Andrew Jr. (February 12, 1873 – June 3, 1936) was an economist, an Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, the founder and director of the American Ambulance Field Service during World War I, and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Massachusetts.
Dunkirk Football Club is a football club based in the Nottingham residential area of Dunkirk, England. The club plays in the .
The Christian Party, which includes the Scottish Christian Party and the Welsh Christian Party, is a minor political party in Great Britain. Members of the Christian Peoples Alliance split off in 2004 under George Hargreaves to found the Christian Party, which compared to the CPA, has more of a Christian right perspective. 
Newark Town Football Club is a football club that plays its home games at the Station Road ground in the village of Collingham, near Newark-on-Trent, England. They are currently members of the .
Asso  is an Italian "comune" in the province of Como, in Lombardy, Italy. It has 3,524 citizens and an area of , with a density of 546 people per square kilometer (1,400 per sq mi).
Konstantin Yuryevich Volkov (; born February 28, 1960 in Irkutsk) is a retired pole vaulter.
Orahovica is a town in Slavonia, Croatia. It is situated on the slopes of the mountain Papuk and positioned on the state road D2 Varaždin-Koprivnica-Našice-Osijek.
Afak  is a town in Al Diwaniyah Governorate, Iraq. It is 25 km northeast of Al Diwaniyah and 170 km south of Baghdad.
Callas is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Conspiracy Island is a privately owned tidal island situated in the Assonet River off Berkley, Massachusetts.
Shane Patrick Long (born 22 January 1987) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Southampton and the Republic of Ireland national team. He also played hurling for Tipperary in his early life.
Al Wajh , also written Al Wejh, is a coastal city in north-western Saudi Arabia, situated on the coast of the Red Sea. The city is located in the Tabuk Province. 
Douglas Harry "Wheels" Wheelock (born May 5, 1960) is an American engineer and astronaut. He has flown in space twice, logging 178 days on the Space Shuttle, International Space Station, and Russian Soyuz. 
Jesse Everett Hughes (born September 24, 1972) is an American singer, songwriter, and musician. He is best known as the frontman of the rock band Eagles of Death Metal, with whom he has recorded four studio albums and a live album.
Grahame Park, located on the site of the old Hendon Aerodrome in North West London, is a north London housing estate in the London Borough of Barnet, including 1,777 council homes built in the 1970s.
Seltjarnarnes is an Icelandic township located within the Capital Region.
The Pieniny  is a mountain range in the south of Poland and the north of Slovakia. It is classified within the eastern section of the Western Beskids.
Szczawnica is a resort town in Nowy Targ County in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. As of June 30, 2007, its population was 7,378.
Baronville (German: "Baronweiler", 1941–44 "Barenweiler") is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Melvin John Bridgman (born April 28, 1955) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League  from 1975–76 until 1988–89. Bridgman was born in Trenton, Ontario, but grew up in Thunder Bay, Ontario, before moving to Victoria, British Columbia.
Candies  was a Japanese idol trio formed in 1973, their first single being "あなたに夢中" . Candies was composed of three girls: Ran Ito  called Ran, Yoshiko Tanaka  called Sue and Miki Fujimura  called Miki. 
Suva Planina  is a mountain in southeastern Serbia. It lies between towns of Niška Banja on the northwest and Babušnica on the southeast, with a ridge branching towards Bela Palanka on north. 
Akureyri Airport  is a single-runway international airport in Akureyri, Iceland south of the town centre. Air Iceland and Norlandair link the airport with several domestic locations.
WIVK-FM is an FM radio station broadcasting at 107.7 MHz near Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. The station is owned by Cumulus Media and broadcasts in HD radio.
Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art is a museum of American art in Bentonville, Arkansas. The museum, founded by Alice Walton and designed by Moshe Safdie, officially opened on 11 November 2011. It offers free public admission.
Michaela Dorfmeister (born 25 March 1973, in Vienna) is a former professional alpine skier from Austria. Her specialities were both the downhill and the super-G disciplines, although she skied in and had success in giant slalom.
Licia Maglietta (born 16 November 1954) is an Italian actress and stage director, known for her work with Italian director Silvio Soldini. Their collaborations include romances "Bread and Tulips" (2000) - for which Maglietta won multiple awards - and "Agata and the Storm" (2004). 
William Alfred Buckingham (May 28, 1804 – February 5, 1875) was a Republican United States Senator from Connecticut.
Fatmir Sejdiu (born 23 October 1951) is a politician from Kosovo. He was the leader of the Democratic League of Kosovo  and was the first President of Kosovo.
Mikhail Petrovich Devyatayev (; Moksha/Erzya: Михаил Петрович Девятаев; 8 July 1917 – 24 November 2002) was a Soviet fighter pilot known for his incredible escape from a Nazi concentration camp on the island of Usedom, in the Baltic Sea.
Geographe Bay is in the south-west of Western Australia around 220 km southwest of Perth.
The Leftwing Union for the Socialist Democracy  was a Portuguese leftwing party founded in January 1978. The party has its origins in the "Socialist Culture Association - Worker Brotherhood", a socialist organization and in groups of independent people linked to the Socialist Party.
Bad Marienberg  is a town in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, and also the seat of the like-named "Verbandsgemeinde", a kind of collective municipality.
Ryan William Walter (born April 23, 1958) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played 15 seasons in the National Hockey League. He was also an assistant coach with the Vancouver Canucks, head coach of the Canadian National Women's hockey team, a hockey broadcaster and president of the Abbotsford Heat of the American Hockey League. 
Aleida Guevara March (born 24 November 1960) is the eldest daughter of four children born to Ernesto "Che" Guevara and his second wife, Aleida March.
Pannalal Girdharlal Dayanand Anglo Vedic  is a college in Delhi. Established in 1957, it offers courses at the undergraduate and postgraduate level.
Crisis are a British punk rock band formed in 1977 in Guildford in Surrey. They performed at rallies for Rock Against Racism and the Anti-Nazi League, and at Right to Work marches. 
WXOS (101.1 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Creve Coeur, Missouri, broadcasting to the Greater St. Louis area. Its studios are located on Olive Boulevard in St. Louis, while its transmitter is located in south St. Louis County near Concord.
Segerstrom Center for the Arts, originally called Orange County Performing Arts Center, is a performing arts complex located in Costa Mesa, California, United States, which opened in 1986. The Center's Segerstrom Hall and Judy Morr Theater were designed by Charles Lawrence and opened in 1986. 
Colin Dibley (born 19 September 1944) is a former tennis player from Australia.
Doug Flach (born August 10, 1970 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former tennis player from the United States.
Valdagno is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, north-eastern Italy.
The Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation  is an international organisation of seven nations of South Asia and South East Asia, housing 1.5 billion people and having a combined gross domestic product of $3.5 trillion (2018). The BIMSTEC member states—Bangladesh, India, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, Thailand , Nepal and Bhutan —are among the countries dependent on the Bay of Bengal.
KFDX-TV, virtual channel 3 (UHF digital channel 28), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Wichita Falls, Texas, United States and serving the western Texoma area encompassing Western North Texas and Southwestern Oklahoma. The station is owned by the Nexstar Media Group, which also operates Wichita Falls-licensed Fox affiliate KJTL (channel 18) and low-powered MyNetworkTV affiliate KJBO-LP (channel 35, which KFDX simulcasts on its second digital subchannel) through joint sales and shared services agreements with owner Mission Broadcasting. 
The Shahid Shiroudi Stadium  formerly known as Amjadiyeh Stadium is a sports stadium in Tehran, Iran, currently used only for Athletic competitions. Until 2009 it was used mostly for football matches.
Eric Jelen (born 11 March 1965) is a former tennis player from Germany, who won one singles (1989, Bristol) and five doubles titles during his professional career.
Louis III, Count Palatine of the Rhine  (23 January 1378 – 30 December 1436), was an Elector Palatine of the Rhine from the house of Wittelsbach in 1410–1436.
Santa Maria di Licodia  is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Catania, eastern Sicily, southern Italy.
Algoa Bay is a bay in the Eastern Cape, South Africa. It is located in the east coast, 425 miles (683 kilometres) east of the Cape of Good Hope.
The Upper Gangetic Plains moist deciduous forests is a Subtropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion of northern India.
The UST Angelicum College is a Filipino Dominican institution in Quezon City , Metro Manila, Philippines.
Margaret Walton Mayall (January 27, 1902 – December 6, 1995) was an American astronomer. She was the director of the American Association of Variable Star Observers  from 1949 to 1973.
The Illawarra escarpment, or officially the Illawarra Range, is the fold-created cliffs and plateau-eroded outcrop mountain range west of the Illawarra coastal plain south of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. The range encloses the Illawarra region which stretches from Stanwell Park in the north to Kiama, Gerringong and the Shoalhaven River in the south.
Betzdorf is a town and municipality in northern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Simmerath is a municipality in the district of Aachen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is located approximately 20 km south-east of Aachen, near the border to Belgium.
Malabar Cancer Center , established at Kodiyeri near Thalassery in Kerala state, South India, is an autonomous centre under the government of Kerala. MCC is constituted as a Charitable Society under the Department of Power.
Frontier Communications Northwest, Inc. is a local telephone operating company owned by Frontier Communications.
Hellenthal is a municipality in the district of Euskirchen in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is located in the Eifel hills, near the border with Belgium, approx. 30 km south-west of Euskirchen and 40 km south-east of Aachen.
Langenberg is a municipality in the district of Gütersloh in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is located in the Teutoburg Forest, approx. 15 km south-west of Gütersloh and 30 km west of Paderborn.
The Upper Aulaqi Sheikhdom  was a state in the British Aden Protectorate, the Federation of Arab Emirates of the South, and its successor, the Federation of South Arabia. Its capital was Sa'id. The area of the former state is now central part of the Shabwah Governorate of the Republic of Yemen.
The Palace of the Governors  (1610) is an adobe structure located on Palace Avenue on the Plaza of Santa Fe, New Mexico, between Lincoln Avenue and Washington Avenue. It is within the Santa Fe Historic District and it served as the seat of government for the state of New Mexico for centuries. 
Jennifer Botterill, (born May 1, 1979 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a retired women's hockey player who played for Harvard University, the Canadian national team, the Mississauga Chiefs, and the Toronto Aeros. She assisted on the game-winning goal in her final international game, Canada's 2-0 win over the United States for the gold medal in the 2010 Winter Olympics.
McKinney National Airport , formerly Collin County Regional Airport at McKinney, is in McKinney, Texas, about 30 miles north of downtown Dallas.
John MacDonald Coleman (born February 21, 1958) is an American actor and screenwriter, known for playing the role of Steven Carrington in the 1980s prime time soap opera "Dynasty" (1982–1988), and for portraying Noah Bennet in the science-fiction drama series "Heroes" (2006–2010) as well as his recurring roles as State Senator Robert Lipton on "The Office" (2010–2013) and as United States Senator William Bracken on "Castle" (2012–2015).
Gunn Margit Aas Andreassen (born 23 July 1973 in Kristiansand) is a former Norwegian biathlete.
Asociación Deportiva Chalatenango is a Salvadoran professional football club based in Chalatenango, El Salvador, currently playing in the Salvadoran Premier League, El Salvador's top tier of football.
BSV Kickers Emden is a German association football club, located in Emden, Lower Saxony.
KJTL, virtual channel 18 (UHF digital channel 15), is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Wichita Falls, Texas, United States and serving the western Texoma area encompassing Western North Texas and Southwestern Oklahoma. The station is owned by Mission Broadcasting, which also owns Wichita Falls-licensed low-powered MyNetworkTV affiliate KJBO-LP (channel 35); Nexstar Media Group, which owns Wichita Falls-licensed NBC affiliate KFDX-TV (channel 3, which simulcasts KJBO on its second digital subchannel), operates KJTL and KJBO under joint sales and shared services agreements. 
Warren Everett Green (March 10, 1869 – April 27, 1945) was the 13th governor of South Dakota, United States. Green, a Republican from Hazel, South Dakota, served from 1931 to 1933. 
Verve Energy was a Western Australian Government owned corporation responsible for operating the state's electricity generators on the State's South West Interconnected System. It was split from the then vertically integrated Western Power, in 2006 during reforms to the state's electricity sector .
Anne Catherine of Brandenburg (26 June 1575 – 8 April 1612) was queen-consort of Denmark and Norway from 1597 to 1612 as the first spouse of King Christian IV of Denmark.
Lexington Theological Seminary is a graduate theological institution in Lexington, Kentucky. Although the seminary is related to the Christian Church , it is intentionally ecumenical with almost 50 percent of its enrollment coming from other denominations. 
Charles Altamont Doyle (25 March 1832 – 10 October 1893) was an illustrator, watercolourist and civil servant. Member of an artistic family, he is remembered today primarily for being the father of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, creator of Sherlock Holmes. 
Kew, New South Wales is a small town in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia in the Port Macquarie-Hastings Council local government area. Kew is one of the communities that make up the Camden Haven district of Port Macquarie-Hastings.
Tavistock Association Football Club is a football club based in Tavistock, Devon, England. They play in the .
KKFS (103.9 FM, "The Fish") is a radio station in Sacramento, California, United States. It currently plays Contemporary Christian music. The station is owned by the Salem Media Group, who also owns KFIA, KTKZ and KSAC-FM.
Roberto Calderoli (born 18 April 1956) is an Italian politician and a member of the Senate of Italy. He was a Minister without portfolio for Legislative Simplification in the Berlusconi IV Cabinet.
Kropotkin  is a town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the right bank of the Kuban River. Population: 70,000 (1972); 42,000 (1939); 27,000 (1926).
Corpe is a commune of the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Australian Payments Network Limited  is the self-regulatory body set up by the payments industry to improve the safety, reliability, equity, convenience and efficiency of payment systems in Australia.
The Council of Ministers  was the chief executive body of the German Democratic Republic from November 1950 until the country was unified with the Federal Republic of Germany on 3 October 1990. Originally formed as a body of 18 members, by 1989 the council consisted of 44 members.
Brocton Football Club is a football club representing Brocton, near Stafford, England. They are currently members of the and play at Silkmore Lane in Stafford.
Coventry Sphinx Football Club is a football club based in Coventry, West Midlands, England. They are currently members of the and play at Sphinx Park.
Mellisa Hollingsworth (born October 4, 1980 in Lacombe, Alberta) is a Canadian athlete who has competed since 1995. She won the bronze medal in the women's skeleton event at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin.
Lilia Vaygina-Efremova (born April 15, 1977 in Cheboksary, Chuvashia, Soviet Union) is a Russian (until 2002), Belarusian (since 2002 till 2003), and Ukrainian (since 2003) biathlete.
James Gideon "Gid" Tanner (June 6, 1885 – May 13, 1960) was an American old-time fiddler and one of the earliest stars of what would come to be known as country music. His band, the Skillet Lickers, was one of the most innovative and influential string bands of the 1920s and 1930s. Its most notable members were Clayton McMichen , Dan Hornsby , Riley Puckett  and Robert Lee Sweat .
The Root River is a river that flows to Lake Michigan at the city of Racine in southeastern Wisconsin in the United States. Racine and Racine County are named for the river, as "racine" is the French word for root.
Chimakurthy is a town in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the mandal headquarters of Chimakurthi mandal in Ongole revenue division. 
WAFF, virtual and UHF digital channel 48, is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Huntsville, Alabama, United States and serving North Alabama's Tennessee Valley. The station is owned by Gray Television. WAFF's studios are located on Memorial Parkway (US 431) in Huntsville, and its transmitter is located south of Monte Sano State Park.
Helga Pedersen (born 13 January 1973) is a Norwegian politician, former Minister, and member of the Storting, who is currently deputy leader for the Norwegian Labour Party. A native of Sør-Varanger, she served between 2003 and 2005 as the County Mayor of the northernmost Finnmark county. 
Petershagen is a town in the Minden-Lübbecke district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It lies on the Westphalian Mill Route.
Larry Kaplan is an American video game designer and programmer best known for the 1981 Atari 2600 game, "Kaboom!". and for helping to found Activision.
Deborah Compagnoni (; born 4 June 1970) is an Italian former Alpine skier who won three gold medals at the 1992, 1994 and 1998 Winter Olympics.
Manfred Nowak (born 26 June 1950 in Bad Aussee) is an Austrian human rights lawyer, who served as the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture from 2004 to 2010. He is Secretary General of the European Inter-University Center for Human Rights and Democratisation  in Venice, Italy; Professor of International Human Rights and Scientific Director of the Vienna Master of Arts in Human Rights and the Ludwig Boltzmann Institute of Human Rights and a former judge at the Human Rights Chamber for Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
Marien Ngouabi  (December 31, 1938 – March 18, 1977) was the third President of the Republic of the Congo from January 1, 1969, to March 18, 1977.
Gwyneth Kate Paltrow  is an American actress, singer, author and businesswoman. She has won an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, a Primetime Emmy Award and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. 
Suva  is the capital and largest metropolitan city in Fiji. It is located on the southeast coast of the island of Viti Levu, in the Rewa Province, Central Division.
Rebecca De Mornay (born Rebecca Jane Pearch; August 29, 1959) is an American actress and producer. Her breakthrough film role came in 1983, when she starred as Lana in "Risky Business". She is also known for her portrayals of Sara in "Runaway Train" (1985), Thelma in "The Trip to Bountiful" (1985), Helen McCaffrey in "Backdraft" (1991), and Peyton Flanders in "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle" (1992).
Thomas Edward Lawrence, (16 August 1888 – 19 May 1935) was a British archaeologist, army officer, diplomat, and writer. He was renowned for his liaison role during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign and the Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Empire during the First World War. 
Laurence Kerr Olivier, Baron Olivier, (; 22 May 1907 – 11 July 1989) was an English actor and director who, along with his contemporaries Ralph Richardson, Peggy Ashcroft and John Gielgud, dominated the British stage of the mid-20th century. He also worked in films throughout his career, playing more than fifty cinema roles. 
The Corporation for Public Broadcasting  is an American non-profit corporation created in 1967 by an act of the United States Congress and funded by the federal government to promote and help support public broadcasting. The corporation's mission is to ensure universal access to non-commercial, high-quality content and telecommunications services. 
Edward Franklin Albee III ( ; March 12, 1928 – September 16, 2016) was an American playwright known for works such as "The Zoo Story" (1958), "The Sandbox" (1959), "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" (1962), and "A Delicate Balance" (1966). Three of his plays won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and two of his other works won the Tony Award for Best Play.
Biafra, officially the Republic of Biafra, was a state in West Africa which existed from 30 May 1967 to January 1970; it was made up of the states in the Eastern Region of Nigeria.
Thomas Kyd (baptised 6 November 1558; buried 15 August 1594) was an English playwright, the author of "The Spanish Tragedy", and one of the most important figures in the development of Elizabethan drama.
Erice  is a historic town and "comune" in the province of Trapani in Sicily, southern Italy.
The United Arab Republic  was a sovereign state in the Middle East from 1958 to 1961. It was initially a political union between Egypt  and Syria from 1958 until Syria seceded from the union after the 1961 Syrian coup d'état, leaving a rump state. 
Framestore is a British visual effects company based on Chancery Lane in London. Formed in 1986, it acquired  the Computer Film Company in 1997. 
Sir Robert Peel, 2nd Baronet, (5 February 1788 – 2 July 1850) was a British statesman and Conservative Party politician who served twice as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (1834–35 and 1841–46) and twice as Home Secretary (1822–27 and 1828–30). He is regarded as the father of modern British policing, owing to his founding of the Metropolitian Police Service. 
Bactria , or Bactriana, was a historical Iranian region in Central Asia. Bactria proper was north of the Hindu Kush mountain range and south of the Amu Darya river, covering the flat region that straddles modern-day Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Pakistan and Uzbekistan. 
The Duchy of Schleswig  was a duchy in Southern Jutland  covering the area between about 60 km (35 miles) north and 70 km (45 miles) south of the current border between Germany and Denmark. The territory has been divided between the two countries since 1920, with Northern Schleswig in Denmark and Southern Schleswig in Germany. 
The National Center for Supercomputing Applications  is a state-federal partnership to develop and deploy national-scale cyberinfrastructure that advances research, science and engineering based in the United States of America. NCSA operates as a unit of the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, 
Anne Cécile Desclos (23 September 1907 – 27 April 1998) was a French journalist and novelist who wrote under the pseudonyms Dominique Aury and Pauline Réage, and is best known for her erotic novel "Histoire d'O" ,
Siderno ( or ; is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria, Calabria, southern Italy, about 3 kilometres from Locri.
Richard Cromwell (4 October 162612 July 1712) was an English statesman who was the second Lord Protector of the Commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland.
Constantine VIII  (960 – 11 November 1028) was the Byzantine Emperor from 15 December 1025 until his death in 1028. He was the younger son of Emperor Romanos II and Empress Theophano. 
David Lloyd George, 1st Earl Lloyd-George of Dwyfor, (17 January 1863 – 26 March 1945) was a British statesman and Liberal Party politician. He was the last Liberal to serve as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
Darius II Ochus, also Darius II Nothus , was king of the Persian Empire from 423 BC to 404 or 405 BC.
Catherine Parr  (1512 – 5 September 1548) was Queen of England and Ireland (1543–47) as the last of the six wives of King Henry VIII, and the final queen consort of the House of Tudor. She married him on 12 July 1543, and outlived him by one year. 
AviaBellanca Aircraft Corporation is an American aircraft design and manufacturing company. Prior to 1983, it was known as the Bellanca Aircraft Company. The company was founded in 1927 by Giuseppe Mario Bellanca.
Victoria (Alexandrina Victoria; 24 May 1819 – 22 January 1901) was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death. On 1 May 1876, she adopted the additional title of Empress of India.
Jerzy  Daniel Schultz known also as Daniel Schultz the Younger (1615–1683) was a famous painter of the Baroque era, born and active in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. He painted many Polish and Lithuanian nobles, members of the royal family, local Patricians, such as the astronomer Johannes Hevelius; animals, and hunts. His work can be found at the Wawel Castle State Art Collections, the National Museum in Warsaw, the Stockholm National Museum, the Hermitage Museum, and at the Gdańsk National Museum.
Mary of Teck (Victoria Mary Augusta Louise Olga Pauline Claudine Agnes; 26 May 1867 – 24 March 1953) was Queen consort of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions and Empress consort of India as the wife of King George V.
Richard Arthur Warren Hughes OBE (19 April 1900 – 28 April 1976) was a British writer of poems, short stories, novels and plays.
Athens International Airport "Eleftherios Venizelos"  , commonly initialized as "AIA", began operation on 28 March 2001 and is the primary international airport that serves the city of Athens and the region of Attica. It is Greece's busiest airport and it serves as the hub and main base of Aegean Airlines as well as other Greek airlines. 
Gustav I, born Gustav Eriksson of the Vasa noble family and later known as Gustav Vasa (12 May 1496 – 29 September 1560), was King of Sweden from 1523 until his death in 1560, previously self-recognised Protector of the Realm  from 1521, during the ongoing Swedish War of Liberation against King Christian II of Denmark, Norway and Sweden. Initially of low standing, Gustav rose to lead the rebel movement following the Stockholm Bloodbath, in which his father perished. 
Axel Gustafsson Oxenstierna af Södermöre (; 1583–1654), Count of Södermöre, was a Swedish statesman. He became a member of the Swedish Privy Council in 1609 and served as Lord High Chancellor of Sweden from 1612 until his death. He was a confidant of first Gustavus Adolphus and then Queen Christina.
Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick (22 November 1428 – 14 April 1471), known as Warwick the Kingmaker, was an English nobleman, administrator, and military commander. The eldest son of Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury, he became Earl of Warwick through marriage, and was the wealthiest and most powerful English peer of his age, with political connections that went beyond the country's borders. 
Kenneth Joseph "Ken" Arrow (23 August 1921 – 21 February 2017) was an American economist, mathematician, writer, and political theorist. He was the joint winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with John Hicks in 1972.
Mantua  is a city and "comune" in Lombardy, Italy, and capital of the province of the same name.
Henricus Antonius "Han" van Meegeren (; 10 October 1889 – 30 December 1947) was a Dutch painter and portraitist and is considered to be one of the most ingenious art forgers of the 20th century. Despite his life of crime, van Meegeren became a national hero after World War II when it was revealed that he had sold a forged painting to Reichsmarschall Hermann Göring during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands.
René François Armand  Prudhomme (; 16 March 1839 – 6 September 1907) was a French poet and essayist. He was the first winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1901.
George Alec Effinger (January 10, 1947 – April 27, 2002) was an American science fiction author, born in Cleveland, Ohio.
Vichy  is a city in the Allier department of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France, in the historic province of Bourbonnais.
Elias Magnus Fries FRS FRSE FLS RAS (15 August 1794 – 8 February 1878) was a Swedish mycologist and botanist.
Thornton Niven Wilder (April 17, 1897 – December 7, 1975) was an American playwright and novelist. He won three Pulitzer Prizes—for the novel "The Bridge of San Luis Rey", and for the plays "Our Town" and "The Skin of Our Teeth" — and a U.S. National Book Award for the novel "The Eighth Day".
Richard Steven Valenzuela (May 13, 1941 – February 3, 1959), known professionally as Ritchie Valens, was an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist. A rock and roll pioneer and a forefather of the Chicano rock movement, Valens' recording career lasted eight months and abruptly ended when he died in a plane crash.
Jonathan David Edwards, (born 10 May 1966) is a British former triple jumper. He is an Olympic, World, Commonwealth and European champion, and has held the world record in the event since 1995.
Leonard James Callaghan, Baron Callaghan of Cardiff, (; 27 March 1912 – 26 March 2005), often known as Jim Callaghan, was a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1976 to 1979 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1976 to 1980.
The United Kingdom of the Netherlands  is the unofficial name given to the Kingdom of the Netherlands as it existed between 1815 and 1839. The United Netherlands was created in the aftermath of the Napoleonic Wars through the fusion of territories that had belonged to the former Dutch Republic, Austrian Netherlands, and Prince-Bishopric of Liège. 
Jean-Charles, chevalier de Borda (4 May 1733 – 19 February 1799) was a French mathematician, physicist, and sailor.
Jean Lafitte  was a French pirate and privateer in the Gulf of Mexico in the early 19th century. He and his elder brother, Pierre, spelled their last name Laffite, but English-language documents of the time used "Lafitte". 
SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, originally named Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, is a United States Department of Energy National Laboratory operated by Stanford University under the programmatic direction of the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science and located in Menlo Park, California.
Gary Adrian Condit (born April 21, 1948) is a former politician and a Democrat who represented parts of California's Central Valley in the House of Representatives from 1989 to 2003. He gained significant national attention for an extramarital affair with intern Chandra Levy, which was exposed after Levy's disappearance in May 2001. 
Palo Alto  is a charter city located in the northwest corner of Santa Clara County, California, United States, in the San Francisco Bay Area. Palo Alto means "tall stick" in Spanish; the city is named after a coastal redwood tree called El Palo Alto.
Antoine Henri Becquerel (; ; 15 December 1852 – 25 August 1908) was a French engineer, physicist, Nobel laureate, and the first person to discover evidence of radioactivity. For work in this field he, along with Marie Skłodowska-Curie  and Pierre Curie, received the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physics. The SI unit for radioactivity, the becquerel , is named after him.
Peter Phillip Bonetti (born 27 September 1941 in Putney, London) is a former football goalkeeper for Chelsea, the St. Louis Stars, Dundee United and England. Bonetti was known for his safe handling, lightning reflexes and his graceful style, for which he was given the nickname, ""The Cat"". 
Muzio Filippo Vincenzo Francesco Saverio Clementi (23 January 1752 – 10 March 1832) was an Italian-born English composer, pianist, pedagogue, conductor, music publisher, editor, and piano manufacturer.
Downing Street is a street in London that houses the official residences and offices of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Situated off Whitehall, a few minutes' walk from the Houses of Parliament, Downing Street was built in the 1680s by Sir George Downing.
Lee Teng-hui (, ; born 15 January 1923) is a Taiwanese statesman who was the President of the Republic of China and Chairman of the Kuomintang  from 1988 to 2000. He was the first president of the Republic of China to be born in Taiwan. 
Manchukuo  was a puppet state of the Empire of Japan in Northeast China and Inner Mongolia from 1932 until 1945. It was founded as a republic, but in 1934 it became a constitutional monarchy. 
Thessaly  is a traditional geographic and modern administrative region of Greece, comprising most of the ancient region of the same name. Before the Greek Dark Ages, Thessaly was known as Aeolia , and appears thus in Homer's "Odyssey".
The Fatimid Caliphate was a Shia Islamic caliphate that spanned a large area of North Africa, from the Red Sea in the east to the Atlantic Ocean in the west. The dynasty of Arab origin ruled across the Mediterranean coast of Africa and ultimately made Egypt the center of the caliphate. At its height the caliphate included in addition to Egypt varying areas of the Maghreb, Sudan, Sicily, the Levant, and Hijaz.
Filippo Buondelmonti degli Scolari (1369 – December 1426), known as Pippo Spano, was an Italian magnate, general, strategist and confidant of King Sigismund of Hungary, born in the Republic of Florence. The personal friend of Sigismund and member of the Order of the Dragon, he was buried in the Székesfehérvár Basilica beside the Hungarian kings.
"Machine Gun" Jack McGurn (July 2, 1902 – February 15, 1936), born Vincenzo Antonio Gibaldi, was a small-time boxer, Sicilian-American mobster and key member of Al Capone's Chicago Outfit.
Joseph Mellick Leidy (September 9, 1823 – April 30, 1891) was an American paleontologist, parasitologist, and anatomist.
George Whitefield Chadwick (November 13, 1854 – April 4, 1931) was an American composer. Along with John Knowles Paine, Horatio Parker, Amy Beach, Arthur Foote, and Edward MacDowell, he was a representative composer of what is called the Second New England School of American composers of the late 19th century—the generation before Charles Ives. 
Jure Franko  (born 28 March 1962 in Nova Gorica) is a Slovenian-Yugoslav former alpine skier, best known for winning a giant slalom silver medal at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
Ricardo Andrade Quaresma Bernardo (; born 26 September 1983) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a winger for Turkish club Beşiktaş J.K. and the Portugal national team.
Richard Brooks (May 18, 1912 – March 11, 1992) was an American screenwriter, film director, novelist and film producer. Nominated for eight Oscars in his career, he was best known for "Blackboard Jungle" (1955), "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" (1958) "Elmer Gantry" (1960; for which he won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay), "In Cold Blood" (1967) and "Looking for Mr. Goodbar" (1977).
Brooks Brothers is the oldest men's clothier in the United States and is headquartered on Madison Avenue in Manhattan, New York City. Founded in 1818 as a family business, the privately owned company is owned by the Italian billionaire Claudio Del Vecchio. 
Torsten Nils Wiesel (born 3 June 1924) is a Swedish neurophysiologist. Together with David H. Hubel, he received the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for their discoveries concerning information processing in the visual system; the prize was shared with Roger W. Sperry for his independent research on the cerebral hemispheres.
Edwin Sydney Stuart (December 28, 1853 – March 21, 1937) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Philadelphia from 1891 to 1895 and as the 24th Governor of Pennsylvania from 1907 to 1911.
A1 (stylized as a1) are a British–Norwegian boy band that formed in 1998. The original line-up consists of Paul Marazzi, Christian Ingebrigtsen, Mark Read and Ben Adams. Ingebrigtsen is originally from Oslo, Norway, but the other members originate from London.
WHDH, virtual channel 7 (UHF digital channel 42), is an independent television station licensed to Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The station is owned by Sunbeam Television, as part of a duopoly with Cambridge-licensed CW affiliate WLVI (channel 56). 
Domenico Giovanni Giuseppe Maria Lanza (15 February 1810 9 March 1882) was an Italian politician and the eighth Prime Minister from 1869 to 1873.
Vincenzo Gioberti (; 5 April 180126 October 1852) was an Italian clergyman, philosopher, publicist and politician.
The State Historical Museum  of Russia is a museum of Russian history wedged between Red Square and Manege Square in Moscow. Its exhibitions range from relics of prehistoric tribes that lived on the territory of present-day Russia, through priceless artworks acquired by members of the Romanov dynasty. 
Red Bull Arena is a soccer-specific stadium in Harrison, New Jersey that is home to the New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer. Featuring a partial transparent roof, it is located on the waterfront in the Riverbend District of Harrison across the Passaic River from Newark and approximately 7 miles (12 km) west of Lower Manhattan. With a seating capacity of 25,000, it is the third-largest soccer-specific stadium in the United States and in Major League Soccer.
The Ina  is a river in northwestern Poland, a right tributary of the Oder River.
The Chhota Nagpur Plateau is a plateau in eastern India, which covers much of Jharkhand state as well as adjacent parts of Odisha, West Bengal, Bihar and Chhattisgarh. The Indo-Gangetic plain lies to the north and east of the plateau, and the basin of the Mahanadi River lies to the south. 
Ford New Zealand of New Zealand Limited is the New Zealand subsidiary of Ford Motor Company. Its distribution and assembly operations began in 1936 when it took them from the local franchisee. 
Princess Alexandra of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, , (Alexandra Louise Olga Victoria; 1 September 1878 – 16 April 1942), was the fourth child and third daughter of Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Grand Duchess Maria Alexandrovna of Russia. She was a granddaughter of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom as well as of Tsar Alexander II of Russia.
Philippe Sollers (; born Philippe Joyaux 28 November 1936, Bordeaux, France) is a French writer and critic. In 1960 he founded the "avant garde" journal "Tel Quel" , published by Seuil, which ran until 1982. 
William Kiptarus Tanui (born 22 February 1964) is a Kenyan former athlete, winner of 800 m at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Nimbin is a village in the Northern Rivers area of the Australian state of New South Wales, approximately north of Lismore, northeast of Kyogle, and west of Byron Bay.
The Sea Islands are a chain of tidal and barrier islands on the Atlantic Ocean coast of the Southeastern United States. Numbering over 100, they are located between the mouths of the Santee and St. Johns Rivers along the coast of the US states of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.
Michel Naim Aoun (, ; born 18 February 1935) is a Lebanese politician who is the current President of Lebanon. He was elected president on 31 October 2016 on the 46th electoral session of the Lebanese parliament, breaking a 29-month deadlock. He is a Maronite Christian and the founder of the Free Patriotic Movement.
Kasey Kenneth Kahne (; born April 10, 1980) is an American dirt track racing driver and former professional stock car racing driver. He last competed in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series in 2018; driving the No. 95 Dumont Jets/Procore Technologies Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 for Leavine Family Racing.
Peter Kipchumba Rono (born 31 July 1967) is a former Kenyan athlete, who won the 1,500 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Ralston Purina Company was a St. Louis, Missouri–based American animal feed, food and pet food company. On December 12, 2001, it merged with Swiss food-giant Nestlé's Friskies division to form Nestlé Purina PetCare Company.
Adrian Frederick "H" Smith (born 27 February 1957) is an English guitarist and member of Iron Maiden, for whom he writes songs and performs live backing vocals on some tracks.
Arcturus is a Norwegian avant-garde black metal band formed in 1991. Their name, which means "Bear Guardian", references the Behenian fixed star Arcturus.
Fay Weldon CBE FRSL (born 22 September 1931) is an English author, essayist, feminist and playwright.
Claude Augustus Swanson (March 31, 1862July 7, 1939) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from Virginia. He served as U.S. Representative (1893-1906), Governor of Virginia (1906-1910), and U.S. Senator from Virginia (1910-1933), before becoming U.S. Secretary of the Navy under President Franklin D. Roosevelt from 1933 until his death. 
The Mermen are an American rock band from San Francisco, California that formed in 1989. They have since moved to Santa Cruz, California.
Space Coast Regional Airport is in Titusville, Florida on Columbia Boulevard (State Road 405) and Washington Avenue (U.S. 1) in Brevard County. Formerly known as Ti-Co  Airport, it is the nearest commercial airport to the Kennedy Space Center.
Barntrup is a town in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It has an area of 59.46 km² and 8,824 inhabitants (2013).
Shelbourne Football Club  is an Irish association football club based in Drumcondra, Dublin, who play in the League of Ireland First Division.
Louis Emil Denfeld (April 13, 1891 – March 28, 1972) was an admiral in the United States Navy who served as Chief of Naval Operations from December 15, 1947 to November 1, 1949. He also held several significant surface commands during World War II, and after the war he served as the dual-hatted commander of United States Pacific Command and Pacific Fleet.
Lloyd Alton Doggett II (born October 6, 1946) is an American attorney and politician who is a U.S. Representative from Texas. A member of the Democratic Party, he has represented a district based in the state capital and his hometown, Austin, since 1995, currently numbered as Texas's 35th congressional district.
FK Sileks  is a football club based in Kratovo, North Macedonia who play in the Macedonian First League.
FC Nistru Otaci is a Moldovan football club based in Otaci, Moldova.
Samuel Hui Koon-kit (born 6 September 1948), usually known as Sam Hui, is a Hong Kong musician, singer, songwriter and actor. He is credited with popularising Cantopop both via the infusion of Western-style music and his usage of vernacular Cantonese rather than written vernacular Chinese in biting lyrics that addressed contemporary problems and concerns. 
William John Banville (born 8 December 1945) is an Irish novelist, short story writer, adapter of dramas and screenwriter. Though he has been described as "the heir to Proust, via Nabokov", Banville himself maintains that W. B. Yeats and Henry James are the two real influences on his work.
Jorge Montt Álvarez (; April 26, 1845 – October 8, 1922) was a vice admiral in the Chilean Navy and president of Chile from 1891 to 1896.
Jens Gerhard Lehmann (; born 10 November 1969) is a retired German footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Maurice Halbwachs (; 11 March 1877 – 16 March 1945) was a French philosopher and sociologist known for developing the concept of collective memory.
Evagoras or Euagoras  was the king of Salamis (411–374 BC) in Cyprus, known especially from the work of Isocrates, who presents him as a model ruler.
Carolyn Cole (born April 24, 1961) is a staff photographer for the" Los Angeles Times". She won the Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography in 2004 for her coverage of the siege of Monrovia in 2003, the capital of Liberia.
Muskeget Island is a low sandy island to the west of Tuckernuck Island and Nantucket, in the town of Nantucket, Massachusetts.
The Botswana Defence Force Air Wing is the air arm of the Botswana Defence Force of Botswana in southern Africa. 
David Bibb Graves (April 1, 1873 – March 14, 1942) was an American Democratic politician and the 38th Governor of Alabama 1927-1931 and 1935–1939, the first Alabama governor to serve two four-year terms.
Sergei Parajanov (; ; ; ; sometimes spelled Paradzhanov or Paradjanov; January 9, 1924 – July 20, 1990) was a Soviet film director and artist of Armenian descent who made significant contributions to Soviet cinematography through Ukrainian, Georgian, and Armenian cinema. He invented his own cinematic style, which was totally out of step with the guiding principles of socialist realism . 
Johann Christian Daniel von Schreber (17 January 1739 in Weißensee, Thuringia – 10 December 1810 in Erlangen), often styled J.C.D. von Schreber, was a German naturalist.
Gwen Mary Raverat (26 August 1885 – 11 February 1957), née Darwin, was an English wood engraver who was a founder member of the Society of Wood Engravers. Her memoir "Period Piece" was published in 1952.
The Ichetucknee River is a spring-fed, pristine river in North Central Florida. The entire of the river average wide, deep and most of the 6 miles lie within the boundaries of the Ichetucknee Springs State Park while the rest is to the south of US Highway 27. 
John Williams Walker (August 12, 1783April 23, 1823) was an American politician, who served as the Democratic-Republican United States senator from the state of Alabama, the first senator elected by that state.
Tanya Sue Huff (born 1957) is a Canadian fantasy author. Her stories have been published since the late 1980s, including five fantasy series and one science fiction series. 
Leroy Russel Burrell (born February 21, 1967) is an American former track and field athlete, who twice set the world record for the 100 m sprint.
KPXO-TV, virtual channel 66 (UHF digital channel 41), is an Ion Television owned-and-operated television station serving Honolulu, Hawaii, United States that is licensed to Kaneohe. The station is owned by Ion Media Networks. 
The Rally of the Republicans  is a liberal party in Ivory Coast . The party is the country's governing party; the party's leader, Alassane Ouattara, is the current President of Ivory Coast.
Giovanni de Sanctis (born 1949) is an Italian astronomer and discoverer of minor planets at the Osservatorio Astronomico di Torino  in Turin, Italy. His name is sometimes spelt DeSanctis, particularly in the Minor Planet Circulars. 
Skunk Anansie are a British rock band whose members include Skin , Cass , Ace  and Mark Richardson .
Kish  ) is a resort island in Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgān Province off the southern coast of Iran in the Persian Gulf . Owing to its free trade zone status, the island is touted as a consumer's paradise, with numerous malls, shopping centres, tourist attractions, and resort hotels. 
Pussy Galore was an American garage rock band that formed in Washington, D.C. in 1985. They had a constantly fluid line-up until their demise in 1990. They took their name from the character in the James Bond film, "Goldfinger", and their sound was inspired by the Velvet Underground and the New York Dolls.
Mohammedia  is a port city on the west coast of Morocco between Casablanca and Rabat in the region of Casablanca-Settat. It hosts the most important oil refinery of Morocco, the Samir refinery, which makes it the center of the Moroccan petroleum industry. It has a population of 208,612 according to the 2014 Moroccan census.
KLTV, virtual and VHF digital channel 7, is a dual ABC/Telemundo-affiliated television station licensed to Tyler, Texas, United States and also serving Longview. The station is owned by Gray Television. 
Brigitte Vanmeerhaeghe, known as Brigitte Lahaie (born 12 October 1955), is a French radio talk show host, mainstream film actress and former pornographic actress. She performed in erotic films from 1976 through 1980 and is a member of the XRCO Hall of Fame.
Sinclair Radionics Ltd was a company founded by Sir Clive Sinclair in Cambridge, England which developed hi-fi products, radios, calculators and scientific instruments.
Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania  was a social-democratic political party in Lithuania in the 1990s. The youth organization of LDDP was called Lithuanian Labourist Youth Union .
The Union Party  is a conservative-liberal, agrarian political party on the Faroe Islands. The party wants to maintain the Faroe Islands' union with Denmark. On 24 October 2015 Bárður á Steig Nielsen succeeded Kaj Leo Johannesen as party leader.
Library and Archives Canada  is a federal institution tasked with acquiring, preserving and making Canada's documentary heritage accessible. It is the fourth biggest library in the world. LAC reports to Parliament through Pablo Rodríguez, the Minister of Canadian Heritage since August 28, 2018.
Tulkarm or Tulkarem  is a Palestinian city in the West Bank, located in the Tulkarm Governorate. The Israeli city of Netanya is to the west, the Palestinian Nablus and Jenin to the east. 
ASTM International, formerly known as American Society for Testing and Materials, is an international standards organization that develops and publishes voluntary consensus technical standards for a wide range of materials, products, systems, and services. Some 12,575 ASTM voluntary consensus standards operate globally. The organization's headquarters is in West Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, about northwest of Philadelphia.
Helen Victoria Baxendale (born 7 June 1970) is an English actress of stage and television, known for her roles as Rachel in the British comedy-drama "Cold Feet" (1997–2003), and Emily in the American sitcom "Friends" (1997–98).
Inga Swenson (born December 29, 1932; Omaha, Nebraska) is an American actress.
Visoko  is a city located in Zenica-Doboj Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. As of 2013, it has a population of 41,352 inhabitants.v Located between Zenica and Sarajevo, Visoko lies on the Bosna river where the river Fojnica merges into it. 
Methods of Mayhem is an American rock band formed in 1999 by Tommy Lee, who had temporarily quit his position as Mötley Crüe's drummer.
Fates Warning is an American progressive metal band, formed in 1982 by vocalist John Arch, guitarists Jim Matheos and Victor Arduini, bassist Joe DiBiase, and drummer Steve Zimmerman in Hartford, Connecticut.
Terrence R. Trammell (born November 23, 1978) is a retired American track and field athlete who won the silver medal in the 110 meter hurdles at both the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics, as well as three silver medals at the World Championships.
Superdrag was an American alternative rock band from Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. They are best known for their 1996 single, "Sucked Out", off their album "Regretfully Yours", for which a video clip was broadcast on MTV. 
The University of Richmond  is a private liberal arts university in Richmond, Virginia. The university is a primarily undergraduate, residential university with approximately 4,350 undergraduate and graduate students in five schools: the Gottwald School of Arts and Sciences, the E. Claiborne Robins School of Business, the Jepson School of Leadership Studies, the University of Richmond School of Law and the School of Professional & Continuing Studies.
Christian "Flake" Lorenz (; born 16 November 1966) is a German musician and the keyboardist for the Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein. He was also a member of the band Feeling B.
Wincenty Witos (; 22 January 1874 – 31 October 1945) was a Polish politician, prominent member and leader of the Polish People's Party , who served three times as the Prime Minister of Poland in the 1920s.
Lochlyn Munro (born Richard Laughlin Munro; February 12, 1966) is a Canadian film and television actor. For films, Munro is mostly known for his roles in "A Night at the Roxbury" (1998), "Scary Movie" (2000), "Freddy vs. Jason" (2003), and "White Chicks" (2004). 
Vidal Sassoon (17 January 1928 – 9 May 2012) was a British-American hairstylist, businessman, and philanthropist. He was noted for repopularising a simple, close-cut geometric hair style called the bob cut, worn by famous fashion designers including Mary Quant and film stars such as Mia Farrow, Goldie Hawn, Cameron Diaz, Nastassja Kinski and Helen Mirren.
Coventry Climax was a British forklift truck, fire pump, racing, and other speciality engine manufacturer.
The Las Vegas Strip is a stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard in Clark County, Nevada that is known for its concentration of resort hotels and casinos. The Strip is approximately in length, located immediately south of the Las Vegas city limits in the unincorporated towns of Paradise and Winchester. 
Masvingo (before 1982 known as Fort Victoria) is a city in south-eastern Zimbabwe and the capital of Masvingo Province. The city is close to Great Zimbabwe, the national monument from which the country takes its name. 
El-Mansoura  is a city in Egypt, with a population of 439,348. It is the capital of the Dakahlia Governorate.
Zakir Husain Khan (8 February 1897 – 3 May 1969) was the third President of India, from 13 May 1967 until his death on 3 May 1969.
Constantin Ion Parhon (; 15 October 1874 – 9 August 1969) was a Romanian neuropsychiatrist, endocrinologist and politician. He was the first head of state of Communist Romania from 1947 to 1952. 
Raymond Anthony Lewis Jr. (born May 15, 1975) is a former American football linebacker who played all of his 17-year professional career for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League . He previously played college football for the University of Miami, and earned All-America honors. 
Ingrid Lilian Thulin (; 27 January 1926 – 7 January 2004) was a Swedish film actress.
John Derek Twigg (born 9 July 1959) is a British Labour Party politician, who has served as Member of Parliament  for Halton in Cheshire since 1997 general election.
John Francis Spellar (born 5 August 1947) is a British Labour Party politician and the Member of Parliament  for Warley. He served as a Minister of State at the Northern Ireland Office and returned to the backbenches in 2005. 
Athis-Mons  is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris.
Millwall is a district on the western and southern side of the Isle of Dogs, in east London, England, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It lies to the immediate south of Canary Wharf and Limehouse, north of Greenwich and Deptford, west of Rotherhithe, east of Cubitt Town, and has a long shoreline along London's Tideway, part of the River Thames. It is part of the traditional county of Middlesex, but for administrative purposes was part of the County of London following the passing of the Local Government Act 1888, it later became part of Greater London in 1965.
Filbert Bayi Sanka (born June 23, 1953) is a Tanzanian former middle-distance runner who competed throughout the 1970s. He set the world records for 1500 metres in 1974 and the mile in 1975. He is still the 1500 m Commonwealth Games record holder.
Woking Football Club is a semi-professional association football club based in Woking, Surrey, England. Founded in 1889, the club plays its home matches at Kingfield Stadium and is nicknamed the Cards or the Cardinals. 
Tyco International plc was a security systems company incorporated in the Republic of Ireland, with operational headquarters in Princeton, New Jersey, United States  Inc.). Tyco International was composed of two major business segments: security solutions and fire protection.
Harrow  is a metropolitan district and a large suburban town in northwest London, England. It serves as the main town of the London Borough of Harrow. It lies northwest of Charing Cross. 
John Billingsley (, born May 20, 1960<ref name="http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0082517/?ref_=fn_al_nm_1"></ref>) is an American actor known for his role as Doctor Phlox on the television series "".
North Finchley is a suburb of London in the London Borough of Barnet, situated 7 miles (11.3 km) north-west of Charing Cross.
The Pan Africanist Congress of Azania  is a South African Pan-Africanist movement that is now a political party. It was founded by an Africanist group, led by Robert Sobukwe, that broke away from the African National Congress .
Hedvig Sophia Augusta of Sweden (26 June 1681 – 22 December 1708), Duchess of Holstein-Gottorp, was the eldest child of Charles XI of Sweden and Ulrike Eleonore of Denmark. She was heir presumptive to the Swedish throne until her death and the regent of the duchy of Holstein-Gottorp for her minor son from 1702 to 1708. 
Aryeh Eldad, M.D. (, born 1 May 1950) is an Israeli physician and politician, and a former member of the Knesset for the National Union and Otzma LeYisrael.
Mono Puff is a New York City-based band and a side project of John Flansburgh, one of the founding members of They Might Be Giants. 
Ron Gilbert is an American video-game designer, programmer, and producer. His games are generally focused on interactive story-telling, and he is arguably best known for his work on several classic LucasArts adventure games, including "Maniac Mansion" and the first two "Monkey Island" games.
Middleton is a town in Annapolis County, Nova Scotia, Canada. Situated on the north bank of the Annapolis River, it is located near the centre of the Annapolis Valley, from which it gets its nickname, "The Heart of the Valley".
The Servarayan hills, with the anglicised name Shevaroy Hills, are a towering mountain range (1620 m) near the city of Salem, in Tamil Nadu state, southern India. It is one of the major hill stations in Tamil Nadu and in the Eastern Ghats.
Independent Kidderminster Hospital and Health Concern,  is a political party based in Kidderminster, United Kingdom. It grew out of the campaign to restore the casualty unit at Kidderminster Hospital, and the National Health Service is still its primary focus, but the party has since diversified. 
Carole Penny Marshall (October 15, 1943 – December 17, 2018) was an American actress, director and producer. She came to notice in the 1970s for her role as Laverne DeFazio on the television sitcom "Laverne & Shirley" (1976–1983), receiving three nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy for her portrayal.
The Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta  was a provincial centre-right party in the Canadian province of Alberta. The party formed the provincial government, without interruption, from 1971 until the party's defeat in the 2015 provincial election under Premiers Peter Lougheed, Don Getty, Ralph Klein, Ed Stelmach, Alison Redford, Dave Hancock and Jim Prentice. At 44 years, this was the longest unbroken run in government at the provincial or federal level in Canadian history.
Varennes-Jarcy ) is a commune in the Essonne department in northern France, located between Périgny  and Combs-la-Ville  25 km from the center of Paris.
Rybinsk  is the second largest city of Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia, which lies at the confluence of the Volga and Sheksna Rivers. Population: 
Simon Lucas Baker (born 30 July 1969) is an Australian actor and director. In his television acting career, he is known for his lead roles in the CBS television series "The Mentalist"  and "The Guardian" . In his film acting career, he is best known for his roles as Max Rourke in the remake of the Japanese horror film "The Ring Two", Riley Denbo in "Land of the Dead" and Christian Thompson in the film adaptation of "The Devil Wears Prada".
Stephen Henry Lewis (born November 11, 1937) is a Canadian politician, public speaker, broadcaster and diplomat. He was the leader of the social democratic Ontario New Democratic Party for most of the 1970s.
The College of the Holy Cross or better known simply as Holy Cross is a private Jesuit liberal arts college in Worcester, Massachusetts. Founded in 1843, Holy Cross is the oldest Catholic college in New England and one of the oldest in the United States.
The Bloc populaire canadien was a political party in the Canadian province of Quebec from 1942 to 1947. It was founded on September 8, 1942 by opponents of conscription during World War II. 
The Interborough Rapid Transit Company  was the private operator of the original underground New York City Subway line that opened in 1904, as well as earlier elevated railways and additional rapid transit lines in New York City. The IRT was purchased by the city in June 1940. 
The National Party of Canada was a short-lived Canadian political party that contested the 1993 federal election. The party is not related to the earlier unrelated National Party that was founded in 1979.
Karen Berger (; born February 26, 1958) is an American comic book editor. She is best known for her role in helping create DC Comics' Vertigo imprint in 1993 and serving as the line's Executive Editor until 2013. She oversees Berger Books, an imprint of creator-owned comics being published by Dark Horse Comics.
The Chenango River is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in central New York in the United States. It drains a dissected plateau area in upstate New York at the northern end of the Susquehanna watershed.
The first Socialist Party of Canada  existed from 1904 to 1925 led by E. T. Kingsley. It published the "Western Clarion" newspaper.
Mindless Self Indulgence  is an American electropunk band formed in New York City in 1997. Their music has a mixed style which includes punk rock, alternative rock, electronica, techno, industrial, hip hop and breakbeat hardcore.
Lyubim  is a town and the administrative center of Lyubimsky District in Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia, located by the Obnora River . Population: 
Catharina "Nina" Hagen (born 11 March 1955) is a German singer, songwriter, and actress. She is known for her theatrical vocals and rose to prominence during the punk and new wave movements in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Rheydt  is a borough of the German city Mönchengladbach, located in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia. Until 1918 and then again from 1933  through 1975 it was an independent city.
Joseph James Guillaume Paul Martin, (June 23, 1903 – September 14, 1992), often referred to as Paul Martin, Sr, was a noted Canadian politician and diplomat. He was the father of Paul Martin, who served as 21st Prime Minister of Canada from 2003 to 2006.
San Miguel Corporation  is a Filipino multinational publicly listed conglomerate holding company. It is the Philippines' largest corporation in terms of revenue, with over 24,000 employees in over 100 major facilities throughout the Asia-Pacific region.
Joey DeMaio (born March 6, 1954) is an American bass player and main songwriter for the heavy metal band Manowar which he founded in 1980. He is also the founder and CEO of Magic Circle Music.
James Roy Horner (August 14, 1953 – June 22, 2015) was an American composer, conductor and orchestrator of film scores, writing over 100. He was known for the integration of choral and electronic elements, and for his frequent use of motifs associated with Celtic music.
Marion Walter Jacobs (May 1, 1930 – February 15, 1968), known as Little Walter, was an American blues musician, singer, and songwriter, whose revolutionary approach to the harmonica and impact on succeeding generations has earned him comparisons to such seminal artists as Django Reinhardt, Charlie Parker and Jimi Hendrix. His virtuosity and musical innovations fundamentally altered many listeners' expectations of what was possible on blues harmonica. He was inducted into The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2008, the first artist to be inducted specifically as a harmonica player.
Thee Temple ov Psychick Youth or TOPY was a fellowship founded in 1981 by members of Psychic TV (including later members of Coil and Current 93) and a number of other individuals. The network is a loosely federated group of people operating as a blend of artistic collective and practitioners of magic.
The Southern African Development Community  is an inter-governmental organization headquartered in Gaborone, Botswana. Its goal is to further socio-economic cooperation and integration as well as political and security cooperation among 16 southern African states.
George Speaker Mickelson (January 31, 1941April 19, 1993) was an American politician, Vietnam War veteran, and the 28th Governor of South Dakota until his death in a plane crash near Zwingle, Iowa.
Patrick George Thomas Buchan-Hepburn, 1st Baron Hailes, (2 April 1901 – 5 November 1974) was a British Conservative politician and the only Governor-General of the short-lived West Indies Federation (1958–1962).
John Buttifant Sewel, Baron Sewel, CBE (born 15 January 1946) is a British politician, life peer, and former academic. He was the Chairman of Committees of the House of Lords, its deputy speaker. He is also a former senior vice principal of the University of Aberdeen and former parliamentary Under-Secretary of State.
Curtis Michael Hennig (March 28, 1958 – February 10, 2003) was an American professional wrestler, manager, and color commentator who performed under the name of Curt Hennig for the American Wrestling Association , the World Wrestling Federation , World Championship Wrestling , and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling . In the WWF, he found his greatest success as Mr. Perfect, a nickname introduced in his second run with the company that became his official ring name. Hennig is the son of wrestler Larry "The Axe" Hennig, and father of current WWE wrestler Curtis Axel.
The Progressive Party of Manitoba, Canada, was a political party that developed from the United Farmers of Manitoba , an agrarian movement that became politically active following World War I. A successor to the Manitoba Grain Growers' Association, the UFM represented the interests of farmers frustrated with traditional political parties.
The Brough of Birsay is an uninhabited tidal island off the north-west coast of The Mainland of Orkney, Scotland, in the parish of Birsay. It is located around 13 miles north of Stromness and features the remains of Pictish and Norse settlements as well as a modern light house.
Oberheim Electronics, is a manufacturer of audio synthesizers and a variety of other electronic musical instruments. Founded in 1969 by Tom Oberheim .
The Celebes Sea  of the western Pacific Ocean is bordered on the north by the Sulu Archipelago and Sulu Sea and Mindanao Island of the Philippines, on the east by the Sangihe Islands chain, on the south by Sulawesi's Minahassa Peninsula, and on the west by Kalimantan in Indonesia. It extends 420 miles (675 km) north-south by east-west and has a total surface area of , to a maximum depth of . The sea opens southwest through the Makassar Strait into the Java Sea.
New Democracy  was a political party in Canada founded by William Duncan Herridge in 1939. Herridge, a former Conservative party adviser who was Canada's Envoy to the United States from 1931–35 during the government of R. B. Bennett.
Gigha ; ) or the Isle of Gigha  is an island off the west coast of Kintyre in Scotland. The island forms part of Argyll and Bute and has a population of about 160 people. 
Choisy-le-Roi is a commune in the Val-de-Marne department in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France.
Friedrich Arnold Brockhaus (4 May 1772 – 20 August 1823) was a German encyclopedia publisher and editor, famed for publishing the "Conversations-Lexikon", which is now published as the Brockhaus encyclopedia.
Sweetwater was an American rock band originally from Los Angeles, California. They were the act scheduled to open the Woodstock Festival in 1969; however, due to being stuck in traffic folksinger Richie Havens' trio  performed first. 
Yonatan "Yoni" Netanyahu (; March 13, 1946 – July 4, 1976) was an Israel Defense Forces  officer who commanded the elite commando unit Sayeret Matkal during Operation Entebbe, an operation to rescue hostages held at Entebbe Airport in Uganda in 1976. The mission was successful, with 102 of the 106 hostages rescued, but Netanyahu was killed in action—the only IDF fatality during the operation.
Yoshkar-Ola  is the capital city of the Mari El Republic, Russia. Its population is about a quarter million. 
Ioannis Grivas (; 23 February 1923 – 27 November 2016) was a Greek judge, who served as President of the Court of Cassation and served as the Prime Minister of Greece at the head of a non-party caretaker government in 1989.
Gerhard Johannes Paul Domagk (30 October 1895 – 24 April 1964) was a German pathologist and bacteriologist. He is credited with the discovery of Sulfonamidochrysoidine (KI-730), the first commercially available antibiotic and marketed under the brand name Prontosil, for which he received the 1939 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Yulii Borisovich Khariton (27 February 1904 – 19 December 1996) was a Russian physicist credited as a leading scientist in the Soviet Union's nuclear weapons program. Since the initiation of the atomic bomb project by Joseph Stalin in 1943, Khariton was the "chief Nuclear weapon designer" and remained associated with the Soviet program for nearly four decades. 
Fausto Veranzio  (circa 1551 – January 17, 1617) was a Croatian polymath and bishop from Šibenik, then part of the Venetian Republic and today part of Croatia.
The California State Senate is the upper house of the California State Legislature, the lower house being the California State Assembly. The State Senate convenes, along with the State Assembly, at the California State Capitol in Sacramento. 
Tobolsk  is a town in Tyumen Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Tobol and Irtysh Rivers. Founded in 1590, Tobolsk is the second oldest Russian settlement east of the Ural Mountains in Asian Russia, and is a historic capital of the Siberia region. Population: 
Michael Kevin Taylor (born 17 January 1949) is an English musician, best known as a former member of John Mayall's Bluesbreakers (1967–69) and the Rolling Stones (1969–74). He has appeared on some of the Stones' classic albums including "Let It Bleed", "Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out!", "Sticky Fingers" and "Exile on Main St.".
Walter Andrew Brennan (July 25, 1894 – September 21, 1974) was an American actor. He won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1936, 1938, and 1940, making him one of only three male actors to win three Academy Awards.
The Hocking River  is a right tributary of the Ohio River in southeastern Ohio in the United States.
After Forever was a Dutch symphonic metal band with strong progressive metal influences. The band relied on the use of both soprano vocals and death grunts.
Harvey Lawrence Pekar (; October 8, 1939 – July 12, 2010) was an American underground comic book writer, music critic, and media personality, best known for his autobiographical "American Splendor" comic series. In 2003, the series inspired a well-received film adaptation of the same name.
The North Platte River is a major tributary of the Platte River and is approximately long, counting its many curves. In a straight line, it travels about , along its course through the U.S. states of Colorado, Wyoming, and Nebraska.
The Green River is a tributary of the Ohio River that rises in Lincoln County in south-central Kentucky. Tributaries of the Green River include the Barren River, the Nolin River, the Pond River and the Rough River. The river was named after Nathanael Greene, a general of the American Revolutionary War.
Port Arthur was a city in Northern Ontario, Canada, located on Lake Superior. In January 1970 it amalgamated with Fort William and the townships of Neebing and McIntyre to form the city of Thunder Bay. 
Caribou is the second largest city in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. Its population was 8,189 at the 2010 census. The city is a service center for the agricultural and tourism industries, and the location of a National Weather Service Forecast Office.
Hammond is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. The population was 118 at the 2010 census.
New Canada is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. The population was 321 at the 2010 census.
St. Francis is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States on the Canada–United States border at the junction of the St. Francis River and the Saint John River. The population was 485 at the 2010 census. First settled by English speakers from southern Maine, the original population has been supplanted by French-speaking Acadians.
New Gloucester is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, in the United States. It is home to the Sabbathday Lake Shaker Village, the last active Shaker village in the U.S. The town's population was 5,542 at the 2010 census.
New Vineyard is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States. The population was 757 at the 2010 census.
Great Pond is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States. The population was 58 at the 2010 census.
Surry is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,466 at the 2010 census.
West Gardiner is a town in Kennebec County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,474 at the 2010 census. West Gardiner is included in the Augusta, Maine micropolitan New England City and Town Area.
Jefferson is a town in Lincoln County, Maine, United States. The population was 2,427 at the 2010 census. Damariscotta Lake State Park, a popular Mid Coast swimming, canoeing and picnic area, is located within the town limits.
Otisfield is a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,770 at the 2010 census. Otisfield is a summer recreation area and home to Seeds of Peace Camp and Camp Arcadia.
Bradford is a town in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. It is part of the Bangor, Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,290 at the 2010 census.
Enfield is a town in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,607 at the 2010 census. 
Lowell is a town in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. The population was 358 at the 2010 census.
Springfield is a town in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. The population was 409 at the 2010 census.
Caratunk is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States. The population was 69 at the 2010 census.
Starks is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States. The town was named after General John Stark of the Revolutionary War. The population was 640 at the 2010 census.
Columbia is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States. The population was 486 at the 2010 census. According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which, of it is land and is water.
Pembroke is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States. The population was 840 at the 2010 census. The town is home to a reversing falls on Mahar's Point.
Westernport is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, United States, along the Georges Creek Valley. It is part of the Cumberland, MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,888 at the 2010 census.
New Windsor is a town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States. The population was 1,396 at the 2010 census. It is located west of Westminster on Maryland Route 31.
Rising Sun is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States. The population was 2,781 at the 2010 census.
Burkittsville is a town in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. The population was 151 in the 2010 census.
Kitzmiller is a town in Garrett County, Maryland, United States. The population was 321 at the 2010 census.
Chevy Chase View is a town located in Montgomery County, Maryland. Established as a Special Tax District in 1924, the town was formally incorporated on October 28, 1993. The population was 920 at the 2010 census.
Edmonston is a town in Prince George's County, Maryland, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 1,445.
Church Hill is a town in Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States. The population was 745 at the 2010 census. Joshua Seney was born near Church Hill, and is buried at St. Luke's Church in town.
Sharpsburg is a town in Washington County, Maryland, United States, located approximately south of Hagerstown. The population was 705 at the 2010 census.
Yarmouth  is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States, Barnstable County being coextensive with Cape Cod. The population was 23,793 at the 2010 census.
Richmond is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,475 at the 2010 census.
Fall River is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. The City of Fall River is located approximately south of Boston, southeast of Providence, Rhode Island, south of Taunton, west of New Bedford, north of Newport, Rhode Island, and northeast of New York City. 
West Tisbury is a town located on Martha's Vineyard in Dukes County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 2,740 at the 2010 census. Along with Chilmark and Aquinnah, West Tisbury forms "Up-Island" Martha's Vineyard.
Conway is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 1,897 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Shutesbury is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 1,810 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Southwick is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 9,502 at the 2010 census, up from 8,835 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Plainfield is a town on the northwestern edge of Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States, about 25 miles east of Pittsfield and 30 miles northwest of Northampton. The population was 648 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Dunstable  is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 3,179 at the 2010 census.
Westford is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 24,310 at the 2017 census.
Halifax is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 7,518 at the 2010 census.
Rockland is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 17,489 at the 2010 census. 
Douglas is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 8,471 at the 2010 census. It includes the sizable Douglas State Forest, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation .
New Braintree is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 999 at the 2010 census.
Westminster is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, in the United States. At the 2010 census, the town population was 7,277.
Bay City is a city in Bay County, Michigan, located near the base of the Saginaw Bay on Lake Huron. As of the 2010 census, the city's population was 34,932, and is the principal city of the Bay City Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Saginaw-Midland-Bay City Combined Statistical Area. 
Dowagiac  is a city in Cass County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 5,879 at the 2010 census. It is part of the South Bend–Mishawaka, IN-MI, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Grayling is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Crawford County. The population was 1,884 at the 2010 census.
Clio is a city in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The city is located entirely within Vienna Township, but is administratively autonomous. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 2,646.
Wakefield is a city in Gogebic County, Michigan, United States. It is located in the western Upper Peninsula. The population was 1,851 at the 2010 census.
Belding is a city in Ionia County in the U.S. state of Michigan, completely surrounded by Otisco Township, Michigan. The population was 5,757 at the 2010 census.
Grandville is a city in Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 15,378 at the 2010 census and is part of the Grand Rapids metropolitan area. Grandville is one of the oldest suburbs of Grand Rapids, and was incorporated as a city in 1933.
Mackinac Island  is a city in Mackinac County in the U.S. state of Michigan. In the 2010 census, the city had a permanent population of 492, although there are thousands of seasonal workers and tourists during the summer months.
Powers is a village in Spalding Township in Menominee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 422 at the 2010 census. Powers is part of the Marinette, WI–MI Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Norton Shores is a city in Muskegon County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 23,994 at the 2010 census.
Hazel Park is a city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 16,422. 
Harderwijk   is a municipality and city almost at the exact geographical centre of the Netherlands.
West Branch is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,139. It is the county seat of Ogemaw County.
Perry is a city in Shiawassee County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,188 at the 2010 census. 
Chelsea is a city in Washtenaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 4,944 at the 2010 census.
Melvindale is a city in Wayne County of the U.S. state of Michigan and a Downriver suburb of Detroit. At the 2010 census, the city population was 10,715. 
McGregor is a city in Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 391 at the 2010 census.
Ham Lake is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 15,296 at the 2010 census.
Kelliher is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 262 at the 2010 census. Highway 72 runs through Kelliher, and it's 49 miles northeast of Bemidji.
Good Thunder is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, along the Maple River. The population was 583 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Mankato–North Mankato Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Cloquet  is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States, located at the junction of Interstate 35 and Minnesota State Highway 33. A portion of the city lies within the Fond du Lac Indian Reservation and also serves as one of three administrative centers for the Indian Reservation. The population was 12,124 at the 2010 census.
Norwood Young America is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 3,549 at the 2010 census.
Remer is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 370 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Brainerd Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Felton is a city in Clay County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 177 at the 2010 census.
Jeffers is a city in Amboy Township, Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 369 at the 2010 census.
Fort Ripley is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States, near the confluence of the Mississippi and Nokasippi Rivers. The population was 69 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Brainerd Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Inver Grove Heights is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 33,880 at the 2010 census.
Claremont is a city in Dodge County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 548 at the 2010 census.
Wells is a city in Faribault County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,343 at the 2010 census.
Spring Valley is a city in Fillmore County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,479 at the 2010 census.
Wanamingo is a community in Goodhue County, Minnesota, United States, incorporated as a city. It lies along the North Fork of the Zumbro River. 
Eden Prairie is an edge city southwest of downtown Minneapolis in Hennepin County, and the 12th-largest city in the State of Minnesota. It is the 7th-largest suburb in the Twin Cities, with a population of 60,797 at the 2010 census. 
Medina is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 4,892 at the 2010 census.
Spring Grove is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,330 at the 2010 census. It is part of the La Crosse-Onalaska, WI-MN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Deer River is a city in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 930 at the 2010 census. 
Zemple is a city in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 93 at the 2010 census.
Humboldt is a city in Kittson County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 45 at the 2010 census.
Williams is a city in Lake of the Woods County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 191 at the 2010 census.
Mahnomen  is a city in Mahnomen County, Minnesota, United States, along the Wild Rice River. The population was 1,214 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Mahnomen County.
Sherburn is a city in Martin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,137 at the 2010 census. 
Milaca  is a city in Mille Lacs County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,946 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Mille Lacs County and is situated on the Rum River.
Adams is a city in Adams Township, Mower County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 787 at the 2010 census.
Nicollet is a city in Nicollet County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,093 at the 2010 census.
Oronoco  is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States, along the Middle Fork of the Zumbro River. The population was 1,300 at the 2010 census.
Henning is a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 802 at the 2010 census.
Vining is a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 78 at the 2010 census.
Rutledge is a city in Pine County, Minnesota, United States, at the confluence of the Kettle and Pine Rivers. The population was 229 at the 2010 census.
Fosston is a city in Polk County, Minnesota, United States. It is part of the Grand Forks ND-MN Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,527 at the 2010 census.
Little Canada is a city in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States. It is an inner ring suburb of Minneapolis-Saint Paul. The population was 9,773 at the 2010 census.
Delhi is a city in Redwood County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 70 at the 2010 census.
Fairfax is a city in Renville County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,235 at the 2010 census.
Roseau is a city and county seat of Roseau County, Minnesota, United States. Its population was 2,633 at the 2010 census.
Green Isle is a city in Sibley County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 559 at the 2010 census.
Cook is a city in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 574 at the 2010 census.
Orr is a city in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 267 at the 2010 census.
Greenwald is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 222 at the 2010 census. It is part of the St. Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Waite Park is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 6,715 at the 2010 census and according to 2018 estimates is now 7,718. It is part of the St. Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Long Prairie is a city in Todd County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 3,458 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat.
Zumbro Falls is a city along the Zumbro River in Wabasha County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 207 at the 2010 census. U.S. Highway 63 and Minnesota 60 intersect in Zumbro Falls.
Lake St. Croix Beach is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,051 at the 2010 census.
St. Paul Park is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 5,279 at the 2010 census. It is located on the Mississippi River, five miles (8 km) downstream from St. Paul.
Elba is a city in Winona County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 152 at the 2010 census. It is on Minnesota State Highway 74 just north of Whitewater State Park.
Delano is a city in Wright County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 5,464 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Twin Cities Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Hanley Falls is a city in Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 304 at the 2010 census.
Shelby is a city in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 2,229 at the 2010 census, down from 2,926 in 2000. 
Coahoma is a town in Coahoma County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 377 at the 2010 census.
Bay St. Louis is a city in and the county seat of Hancock County, Mississippi, in the United States. Located on the Gulf Coast on the west side of the Bay of St. Louis, it is part of the Gulfport–Biloxi Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
Fulton is a city in and the county seat of Itawamba County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 3,961 at the 2010 census.
Monticello is a town in and the county seat of Lawrence County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,571 at the 2010 census.
Amory is a city in Monroe County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 7,316 as of the 2010 census.
Summit is a town in Pike County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,428 at the 2000 census. It is part of the McComb, Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Rolling Fork is a town in Sharkey County, Mississippi. The population was 2,486 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Sharkey County.
Iuka is the county seat of Tishomingo County, Mississippi, United States. Its population was 3,059 at the 2000 census. Woodall Mountain, the highest point in Mississippi, is located just south of Iuka.
Novinger is a town in Nineveh Township, Adair County, Missouri, United States. The population was 456 at the 2010 census.
Washburn is a city in Washburn Township, Barry County, Missouri, United States. The current town encompasses the sites of two communities formerly known as Keetsville and O'Day and is named for local pioneer Samuel C. Washburn. The population was 435 at the 2010 census.
Sturgeon is a city in Boone County, Missouri, United States. It is part of the Columbia, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 872 at the 2010 census.
Norborne is a city in Carroll County, Missouri, United States. The population was 708 at the 2010 census.
Peculiar is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States. The population was 4,608 at the 2010 census. The town motto is "Where the 'odds' are with you."
Triplett is a city in Chariton County, Missouri, United States. The population was 41 at the 2010 census.
Missouri City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States. The population was 267 at the 2010 census.
Gallatin is a city in Daviess County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,786 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Daviess County.
Malden is a city in the northeast corner of Dunklin County, Missouri, United States, located near the intersection of Missouri Route 25 and U.S. Route 62. The population was 4,277 at the 2010 census. Malden is within Missouri's 8th congressional district.
Owensville is a city in Gasconade County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,676 at the 2010 census.
Clinton is a city in Henry County, Missouri, United States. The population was 9,008 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Henry County.
Armstrong is a city in Howard County, Missouri, United States. The population was 284 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Columbia, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Grandview is a city in Jackson County, Missouri, United States. The population was 24,475 at the 2010 census.
Carthage is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States. The population was 14,378 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Jasper County and is nicknamed "America's Maple Leaf City."
Arnold is the largest city in Jefferson County, Missouri, United States. The population was 20,808 at the 2010 census.
Leeton is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States. The population was 566 at the 2010 census.
Pierce City, formerly Peirce City, is a city in Lawrence and Barry counties, in southwest Missouri, United States. The population was 1,292 at the 2010 census. 
Bucklin is a city in Linn County, Missouri, United States. The population was 467 at the 2010 census.
Ethel is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 62 at the 2010 census, at which time it was a town.
Princeton is the county seat and largest city of Mercer County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,166 at the 2010 census, up from the 2000 census, which counted 1,047 people.
Marston is a city in New Madrid County, Missouri, United States. The population was 503 at the 2010 census.
Maryville is a city and county seat of Nodaway County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 11,972. Maryville is home to Northwest Missouri State University, Northwest Technical School, and the Missouri Academy of Science, Mathematics and Computing.
Bragg City is a city in Pemiscot County, Missouri, United States. The population was 149 at the 2010 census.
Green Ridge is a city in Pettis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 476 at the 2010 census.
Louisiana is a city in Pike County, Missouri, United States. The population was 3,364 at the 2010 census. Louisiana is located in northeast Missouri, on the Mississippi River, south of Hannibal.
Fair Play is a city in Polk County, Missouri, United States. The population was 475 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Huntsville is a city in Randolph County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,564 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Randolph County.
Malta Bend is a city in Saline County, Missouri, United States. The population was 250 at the 2010 census.
Oran is a city in Scott County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,294 at the 2010 census.
The City of Lake St. Louis is a planned community situated around two lakes between Interstate 70 and Interstate 64 in western St. Charles County, Missouri, United States. The population was 14,545 as of the 2010 US Census. 
Leadington is a city in St. Francois County, Missouri, United States. The population was 422 at the 2010 census.
Charlack is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,363 at the 2010 census.
Ferguson is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. It is part of the Greater St. Louis metropolitan area. The population was 21,203 at the 2010 census.
Ladue is an inner-ring suburb of St. Louis, located in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2013 census, the city had a population of 8,560.
Grandview Heights is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States. The population was 6,536 at the 2010 census.
Bellbrook is a city in Greene County, Ohio, United States. The population was 6,943 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Harrison is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. The city is located in the Cincinnati-Northern Kentucky metropolitan area. The population was 9,897 at the 2010 census, and was estimated in 2016 to be 11,048.
Kenton is a city in and the county seat of Hardin County, Ohio, United States, located in the west central part of Ohio approximately 57 mi (92 km) NW of Columbus and 70 mi (113 km) south of Toledo. The population was 8,262 at the 2010 census. 
Smithfield is a village in Smithfield Township, Jefferson County, Ohio, United States. The population was 869 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Weirton–Steubenville, WV-OH Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Ironton is a city in and the county seat of Lawrence County, Ohio, United States. Located in southernmost Ohio along the Ohio River 15 miles northwest of Huntington, West Virginia, the city includes the Downtown Ironton Historic District.
Amherst  is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. It is located west of Cleveland. The population was 12,021 at the 2010 census.
Campbell  is a city in Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. The population was 8,235 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Middleport is a village in Meigs County, Ohio, United States, along the Ohio River. The population was 2,530 at the 2010 census.
Vandalia is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States, and a suburb of Dayton. Its population was 15,246 during the 2010 census. 
Pandora is a village in Putnam County, Ohio, United States, located on the Riley Creek. The population was 1,153 at the 2010 census.
East Sparta is a village in Stark County, Ohio, United States. The population was 819 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Canton–Massillon Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Macedonia is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States. The population was 11,188 at the 2010 census. Macedonia is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Lebanon is a city in and the county seat of Warren County, Ohio, United States, in the state's southwestern region, within the Cincinnati metropolitan area. The population was 20,033 at the 2010 census. 
Northwood is a city and eastern suburb in Wood County, Ohio, United States, within the Toledo metropolitan area. The population was 5,265 at the 2010 census.
Canton is a town in Blaine County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 625 at the 2010 census.
Union City is a town in Canadian County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,645 at the 2010 census, a 19.6 percent increase from 1,375 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Lexington is a city in Cleveland County, Oklahoma, United States. The city population was 2,152 at the 2010 census.
Kiefer is a town in Creek County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,685 at the 2010 census, an increase of 64.2 percent from 1,026 at the 2000 census.
Lindsay is a city in Garvin County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 2,840 at the 2010 census. 
Verden is a town in western Grady County, Oklahoma, United States. It abuts the Caddo County line, and is probably best known as the site of the 1865 Camp Napoleon Council. The population was 530 at the 2010 census, a decline from 659 at the 2000 census.
Kaw City is a city in eastern Kay County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 375 at the 2010 census, an increase of 0.1 percent from 372 at the 2000 census. 
Agra is a town in northern Lincoln County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 339 at the 2010 census. 
Wellston is a town in Lincoln County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 825 at the 2000 census.
Byars is a town in McClain County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 255 at the 2010 census.
Summit is a town in Muskogee County, Oklahoma, United States. It was originally called South Muskogee when it was platted in 1910, and is one of thirteen all-black towns still surviving at the beginning of the 21st Century. The population was 139 at the 2010 census, a 38.5 percent decline from 226 at the 2000 census.
Luther is a town in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area. The population was 1,221 at the 2010 census. 
Henryetta is a city in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 5,510 at the 2010 census, down 9.6 percent from 6,096 at the 2000 census.
Cleveland is a city in Pawnee County, Oklahoma. The 2010 census population was 3,251, a decrease of 0.9 percent from 3,282 at the 2000 census.
Macomb is a town in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 32 at the 2010 census. This was a decline of 47.5 percent from 61 at the 2000 census.
Oologah is a town in Rogers County, Oklahoma, United States. Renowned humorist Will Rogers was born on a ranch two miles east of Oologah, although he usually claimed Claremore as his birthplace ""because nobody but an Indian can pronounce 'Oologah.'""
Marlow is a city in Stephens County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 4,662 at the 2010 census.
Baker City is a city in and the county seat of Baker County, Oregon, United States. It was named after Edward D. Baker, the only U.S. Senator ever killed in military combat. The population was 9,828 at the 2010 census.
The Taiwan Independence Party , also known as the Taiwan Nation Party, is a political party in Taiwan. It is usually associated with the Pan-Green Coalition and supports Taiwan independence.
Richard Stephen Sambora (born July 11, 1959) is an American rock guitarist, singer, songwriter and producer, best known as the lead guitarist of the rock band Bon Jovi for 30 years. Sambora and lead singer Jon Bon Jovi formed the main songwriting unit for the band. He has also released three solo albums: "Stranger in This Town" in 1991, "Undiscovered Soul" in 1998, and "Aftermath of the Lowdown" released in September 2012.
Madeleine Jana Korbel Albright (born Marie Jana Korbelová; May 15, 1937) is an American politician and diplomat. She is the first female United States Secretary of State in U.S. history, having served from 1997 to 2001 under President Bill Clinton.
Burrillville is a town in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 15,955 at the 2010 census.
South Kingstown is a town in Washington County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 30,639 at the 2010 census. South Kingstown is the largest town in Washington County and is the largest town  in the state of Rhode Island.
Sycamore is a town in Allendale County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 180 as of the 2010 census.
Denmark is a city in Bamberg County, South Carolina, United States. It is estimated that the population is at 3,401 currently (2018).
Moncks Corner is a town in and the county seat of Berkeley County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 7,885 at the 2010 census. As defined by the U.S. Census Bureau, Moncks Corner is included within the Charleston–North Charleston–Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Blacksburg is a small town in Cherokee County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 1,848 at the 2010 census. 
Saint George is a town in Dorchester County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 2,084 at the 2010 census, a loss of 8 persons from 2000. 
Greenwood is a city in and the county seat of Greenwood County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 23,222 at the 2010 census. The city is home to Lander University.
Hardeeville is a city in Jasper and Beaufort counties in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The population was 2,952 as of the 2010 census and was estimated to be 5,967 in 2017. Hardeeville is included within the Hilton Head Island-Bluffton-Beaufort, SC Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Pine Ridge is a town in Lexington County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 1,593 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Columbia, South Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Plum Branch is a town in McCormick County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 82 at the 2010 census.
Holly Hill is a town in Orangeburg County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 1,281 at the 2000 census. 
Forest Acres is a city in Richland County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 10,361 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Columbia, South Carolina, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Wellford is a city in Spartanburg County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 2,378 at the 2010 census, up from 2,030 in 2000.
McConnells is a town in York County, South Carolina, United States and a suburb of York. The population was 287 at the 2000 census.
Elkton is a city in Brookings County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 736 at the 2010 census. Some of Elkton's population also have Minnesota addresses since the city is located so close the state line.
Buffalo Gap  is a town in Custer County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 126 at the 2010 census.
Hot Springs  is a city in and the county seat of Fall River County, South Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 3,711. In addition, neighboring Oglala Lakota County contracts the duties of Auditor, Treasurer and Register of Deeds to the Fall River County authority in Hot Springs.
Wessington Springs is a city in Jerauld County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 956 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Jerauld County.
Worthing is a city in Lincoln County, South Dakota, United States and is a suburb of Sioux Falls. The population was 877 at the 2010 census.
Garretson is a city in Minnehaha County, South Dakota, United States. The city had a population estimated at 1,201 in 2015 by the United States Census Bureau.
Lemmon is a city in Perkins County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,227 at the 2010 census.
Mobridge  is a city in Walworth County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 3,465 according to a 2010 census.
Charleston is a city in Bradley County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 651 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Cleveland Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Tazewell is a town in and the county seat of Claiborne County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 2,165 at the 2000 census and 2,218 at the 2010 census. The town is named for Henry Tazewell (1753–1799), a U.S. senator from Virginia.
Dickson is a city in Dickson County, Tennessee, United States. It is part of the Nashville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population at the 2010 census was 14,538, with an estimate of 14,993 in 2014.
Winchester is a city in and the county seat of Franklin County, Tennessee, United States. It is part of the Tullahoma, Tennessee Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Whiteville is a town in Hardeman County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 3,148 at the 2000 census and 4,638 at the 2010 census, showing an increase of 1,490. Whiteville is the location of two privately owned prisons, Whiteville Correctional Facility and Hardeman County Correctional Center.
Paris is a city in and the county seat of Henry County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 10,156.
Lawrenceburg is a city in and the county seat of Lawrence County, Tennessee, United States, The largest city on the state's southern border between Chattanooga and Memphis, it lies on the banks of Shoal Creek. The population was 10,428 at the 2010 United States Census. The city is named after War of 1812 American Navy officer James Lawrence.
Calhoun is a town in McMinn County, Tennessee, United States. It is part of the Chattanooga–Cleveland–Athens combined statistical area. The population was 490 at the 2010 census.
Union City is a city located in Obion County, Tennessee, United States. The 2010 census reported the population of the town as 10,895. Union City is the principal city of the surrounding micropolitan area, which includes Obion County and Fulton County, Kentucky.
Dayton is a city and county seat in Rhea County, Tennessee, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 7,191. 
Dunlap is a city in and the county seat of Sequatchie County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 4,173 at the 2000 census and 4,815 at the 2010 census.
Bluff City is a city in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 1,733 at the 2010 census. 
Jonesborough  is a town in, and the county seat of, Washington County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States. The population was 5,975 at the 2010 census. It is "Tennessee's oldest town".
Watertown is a town located in Wilson County, Tennessee. The population was 1,358 at the 2000 census and 1,477 at the 2010 census. It is located southeast of Lebanon, and Northwest of Smithville.
Sealy is a city in Austin County in southeastern Texas, United States, within the metropolitan area. The population was 6,019 at the 2010 census. Sealy is located west of the downtown Houston area.
Rogers is a town in Bell County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,218 at the 2010 census. 
Olmos Park is a wealthy enclave city located in Bexar County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,237 at the 2010 census. 
Hooks is a city in Bowie County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,769 at the 2010 United States Census. It is part of the Texarkana, Texas - Texarkana, Arkansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Freeport is a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States, located on the Gulf of Mexico. According to the 2016 census, the city population was 12,153, up from 12,049 in 2010.
Brownwood is a city in and the county seat of Brown County, Texas, United States. The population was 19,288 at the 2010 census.
Indian Lake is a town in Cameron County, Texas, United States. The population was 640 at the 2010 census. It may be included as part of the Brownsville–Harlingen–Raymondville and the Matamoros–Brownsville metropolitan areas.
Atlanta is a city in Cass County, northeastern Texas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 5,675.
The population was 5,551 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Cherokee County.
Santa Anna is a town in Coleman County in central Texas, United States. The population was 1,099 at the 2010 census.
Parker is a city in Collin County, Texas, United States. The population was 3,811 at the 2010 census.
Eden is a city in Concho County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,766 at the 2010 census. 
Cockrell Hill is a city in Dallas County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,193 at the 2010 census. It is completely surrounded by the city of Dallas.
Argyle is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States, with a population of 3,282 as of the 2010 census. It is a suburb of Fort Worth.
Hickory Creek is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States, located north of downtown Dallas. The population of Hickory Creek has grown from 219 at its incorporation in 1963 to 3,247 at the 2010 census.
Pilot Point is a city in Denton County, Texas, United States. The population was 3,856 at the 2010 census.
Clarendon is a city in Donley County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,026 at the 2010 census. The county seat of Donley County, Clarendon is located on U.S. Highway 287 in the Texas Panhandle, east of Amarillo.
Milford is an incorporated rural community located in North Central Texas, in the southwestern corner of Ellis County, in the United States. The population was 728 at the 2010 census.
Ector is a city in Fannin County, Texas, United States. The population was 695 at the 2010 census, up from 600 at the 2000 census.
Rotan  is a city in Fisher County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,508 at the 2010 census, down from 1,611 at the 2000 census.
Richmond is a city in Fort Bend County, Texas, United States. It is the county seat, and is located within the metropolitan area. As of the 2010 U.S. census, the city population was 11,679.
Seminole is a city in and the county seat of Gaines County in Texas, United States. The population was 6,430 at the 2010 census.
Waelder  is a city in Gonzales County, Texas, United States. The population was 1065 at the 2010 census.
Sherman is a U.S. city in and the county seat of Grayson County, Texas. The city's population in 2010 was 38,521. 
Santa Clara is a city in Guadalupe County, Texas, United States. The population was 725 at the 2010 census, down from 889 at the 2000 census. It is part of the San Antonio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Quanah is a city in and the county seat of Hardeman County, Texas, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 2,641, down from 3,022 at the 2000 census.
Jersey Village is a city in west-central Harris County, Texas, United States, located at U.S. Highway 290, Farm to Market Road 529, and the Southern Pacific Railroad. The city is located in the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area. The population was 7,620 at the 2010 census.
West University Place, often called West University or West U for short, is a city located in the U.S. state of Texas within the metropolitan area and southwestern Harris County. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the population of the city was 14,787. 
Brownsboro is a city in Henderson County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,039 at the 2010 census, up from 796 at the 2000 census. The city is on Texas State Highway 31.
Trinidad is a city in Henderson County, Texas, United States, near the Trinity River from which the town's name was derived. The population was 886 at the 2010 census, down from 1,091 at the 2000 census.
Mission is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas, United States. The population was 77,058 at the 2010 census and an estimated 83,563 in 2016. Mission is part of the McAllen–Edinburg–Mission and Reynosa–McAllen metropolitan areas.
Itasca is a city in Hill County in Northern Central Texas. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,644.
Kennard  is a city in Houston County, Texas, United States. The population was 337 at the 2010 census. The main street is Texas State Highway 7.
Lone Oak is a city in Hunt County, Texas, United States. The population was 598 at the 2010 census, up from 521 at the 2000 census.
Beaumont  is a city in and the county seat of Jefferson County, Texas, in the United States, within the Beaumont–Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area. Located in Southeast Texas on the Neches River about east of Houston , Beaumont had a population of 117,267 at the time of the 2010 census, making it the thirtieth-most populous city in the state of Texas.
Joshua is a city in Johnson County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,910 at the 2010 census and an estimated 6,846 in 2016.
Oak Ridge is a town in Kaufman County, Texas, United States. The population was 495 at the 2010 census, up from 400 at the 2000 census.
Munday  is a city in Knox County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,527 at the 2000 census. The 2010 U.S. Census Bureau placed the population at 1,300.
Giddings is the county seat of Lee County, Texas, United States situated on the intersection of U.S. Highways 77 and 290, east of Austin. Its population was 5,665 at the 2010 census. 
Three Rivers is a city in Live Oak County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,878 at the 2000 census.
Palacios  is a city in Matagorda County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,153 at the 2000 census.
Castroville is a city in Medina County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,680 at the 2010 census. Prior to 1893, Castroville was the first county seat of Medina County.
Loraine is a town in Mitchell County, Texas, United States. The population was 656 at the 2000 census.
Patton Village is a city in Montgomery County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,557 at the 2010 census. It is located in Greater Houston. 
Naples is a city in Morris County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,378 at the 2010 census.
Bishop is a city in Nueces County, Texas, United States. The population was 3,134 in the 2010 census, down from 3305 in 2000 census.
Graford is a town in Palo Pinto County, Texas, United States. The population was 584 at the 2010 census.
Hudson Oaks is a city in Parker County, Texas, United States located in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. The population was 1,662 at the 2010 census.
Leakey  is a city in and the county seat of Real County, Texas, United States. The population was 425 at the 2010 census.
McLendon-Chisholm is a city in Rockwall County, Texas, United States. The population was 1373 at the 2010 census.
Mathis is a city in San Patricio County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,942 at the 2010 census.
New Chapel Hill is a city in Smith County, Texas, United States. The population was 594 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Tyler, Texas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Benbrook is a town located in the southwestern corner of Tarrant County, Texas, and a suburb of Fort Worth. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 21,234, reflecting an increase of 1,026 from the 20,208 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 644 from the 19,564 counted in the 1990 Census.
Pelican Bay is a city in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,547 persons at the 2010 census.
Merkel is a town in Taylor County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,590 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Abilene, Texas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Sunset Valley is a city in Travis County, Texas, United States. The population was 749 at the 2010 census. It is surrounded on all sides by the city of Austin.
Huntsville is a city in and the county seat of Walker County, Texas. The population was 38,548 as of the 2010 census. It is the center of the Huntsville micropolitan area.
Mobeetie is a city in northwestern Wheeler County, Texas, United States, located on Sweetwater Creek and State Highway 152. The population was 101 at the 2010 census, six below the 2000 figure.
Weir is a city in Williamson County, Texas, United States. The population was 450 at the 2010 census.
Decatur is a city located in Wise County, Texas, United States. It is the county seat.
Milford is a town in Beaver County, Utah, United States. The population was 1,420 at the 2010 census and 1,368 as of a 2012 Census Bureau estimate.
Rockleigh  is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 531, reflecting an increase of 140 (+35.8%) from the 391 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 121 (+44.8%) from the 270 counted in the 1990 Census. 
Snowville is a town in Box Elder County, Utah, United States. The population was 167 at the 2010 census.
Millville is a city in Cache County, Utah, United States. The population was 1,829 at the 2010 census, with an estimated population of 1,918 in 2014. It is included in the Logan, Utah-Idaho Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Kaysville is a city in Davis County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Ogden–Clearfield, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 27,300 at the 2010 census, with an estimated population of 29,494 in 2014.
Castle Dale is a city in northwestern Emery County, Utah, United States. The population was 1,630 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Emery County.
Stephanus Johannes Paulus "Paul" Kruger (; 10 October 1825 – 14 July 1904) was one of the dominant political and military figures in 19th-century South Africa, and President of the South African Republic  from 1883 to 1900. Nicknamed "Oom Paul" , he came to international prominence as the face of the Boer cause—that of the Transvaal and its neighbour the Orange Free State—against Britain during the Second Boer War of 1899–1902. 
Levan  is a town in Juab County, Utah, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 841, and in 2017 the estimated population was 904.
Scipio is a town on the eastern edge of Millard County, Utah, United States. The population was 290 at the 2000 census.
St. Elmo is a city in Fayette County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,426 at the 2010 census. 
Cuba is a city in Fulton County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,294 at the 2010 census, down from 1,418 at the 2000 census.
Warsaw is a city in Hancock County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,607 at the 2010 census, a decline from 1,793 in 2000. 
Gilman is a city in Douglas Township, Iroquois County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,814 at the 2010 census.
Elizabeth is a village in Jo Daviess County, Illinois, United States. The population was 761 at the 2010 census.
Earlville is a city in LaSalle County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,701 at the 2010 census, and was estimated to be 1,661 by July 2013. It is part of the Ottawa-Peru, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Lawrenceville is a city in and the county seat of Lawrence County, Illinois, United States, located along the Embarras River. The population was 4,348 at the 2010 census. Lawrenceville is located in southeast Illinois, northwest of Vincennes, Indiana.
Gillespie is a city in Macoupin County, Illinois, United States. The population was 3,412 at the 2000 census.
Madison is a city in Madison and St. Clair counties in the U.S. state of Illinois. The population was 3,891 at the 2010 census. It is home to World Wide Technology Raceway at Gateway and the first Bulgarian Orthodox church in the United States.
Topeka is an incorporated town in Mason County, Illinois, United States. The population was 90 at the 2000 census.
New Boston is a city in Mercer County, Illinois, United States on the Mississippi River. The population was 683 at the 2010 census, up from 632 at the 2000 census.
West Peoria is a city in Peoria County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,762 at the 2000 census. West Peoria is a suburb of Peoria and is part of the Peoria, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Mounds is a city in Pulaski County, Illinois, United States. The population was 810 in the 2010 census, a decline from 1,117 in 2000.
Naples is an incorporated town in Scott County in the U.S. state of Illinois. The population was 130 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Jacksonville Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Dakota is an incorporated town in Stephenson County, Illinois. The population was 506 at the 2010 census, up from 499 in 2000.
Fulton is a city in Whiteside County, Illinois, United States. The population was 3,481 at the 2010 census, down from 3,881 in 2000. Fulton is located across the Mississippi River from Clinton, Iowa.
Hurst is a city in Williamson County, Illinois, United States. The population was 795 at the 2010 census.
New Haven is a city in Adams, Jefferson, and St. Joseph townships, Allen County, Indiana, United States. It sits to the east of the city of Fort Wayne, the second largest city in Indiana, and is situated mostly along the southern banks of the Maumee River. 
Dunkirk is a city in Blackford and Jay counties in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 2,362 at the 2010 census.
Walton is a town in Tipton Township, Cass County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,049 at the 2010 census.
Frankfort is a city in Clinton County, Indiana, United States. The population was 16,422 at the 2010 census. The city is the county seat of Clinton County.
Greendale is a city in Dearborn County, Indiana, United States. The population was 4,520 at the 2010 census.
Butler is a city in DeKalb County, Indiana, United States. The population was 2,684 at the 2010 census.
Yorktown is a town in Mount Pleasant Township, Delaware County, Indiana, United States. The population was 9,405 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Muncie, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Covington is a city in and the county seat of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. The population was 2,645 at the 2010 census.
Haubstadt is the second largest town, after Fort Branch, and fourth largest community in Gibson County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,577 at the 2010 census. Haubstadt has recently become a bedroom community of Evansville and such, is part of the Evansville, Indiana, Metropolitan Area.
Upland is a town in Jefferson Township, Grant County, Indiana, United States. The population was 3,845 at the 2010 census. It is most notable for being the home of Taylor University, a Christian college with 2,103 students, as of 2016.
Sheridan is a town in Adams Township, Hamilton County, Indiana, United States. The population was 2,665 at the 2010 census. The center of population of Indiana is located just northwest of Sheridan.
Crandall is a town in Jackson Township, Harrison County, Indiana, United States. The population was 152 at the 2010 census.
Lizton is a town in Union Township, Hendricks County, Indiana, United States. The population was 488 at the 2010 Census. It is one of the three towns  that make up North West Hendricks School Corporation.
Lewisville is a town in Franklin Township, Henry County, Indiana, United States. The population was 366 at the 2010 census.
Warren is a town in Salamonie Township, Huntington County, Indiana, United States. The population of Warren at the 2010 census was 1,239.
New Whiteland is a town in Pleasant Township, Johnson County, Indiana, United States. The population was 5,472 at the 2010 census.
Claypool is a town in Clay Township, Kosciusko County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 431 at the 2010 census.
LaGrange is a town in and the county seat of LaGrange County, Indiana, United States. The population was 2,625 at the 2010 census.
Lowell is a town in West Creek and Cedar Creek townships, Lake County, Indiana, United States. The population was 9,276 at the 2010 census.
Mitchell is a city in Marion Township, Lawrence County, Indiana, United States. The population was 4,350 at the 2010 census.
River Forest is a town in Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. It is part of the Anderson, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 22 at the 2010 census.
La Paz is a town in North Township, Marshall County, Indiana, United States. The population was 561 at the 2010 census.
Ladoga is a town in Clark Township, Montgomery County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 985 at the 2010 census.
Goodland is a town in Grant Township, Newton County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,043 at the 2010 census.
Paoli is a town in Paoli Township, Orange County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 3,677 at the 2010 census. The town is the county seat of Orange County.
Tell City is a city in Troy Township, Perry County, in the U.S. state of Indiana, along the Ohio River. The population was 7,272 at the 2010 census. The city is the county seat of Perry County.
Mount Vernon is a city in and the county seat of Posey County, Indiana, United States. Located in the state's far southwestern corner, within 15 miles of both the southernmost or westernmost points it is the westernmost city in the state. 
Farmland is a town in Monroe Township, Randolph County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,333 at the 2010 census.
Sunman is a town in Adams Township, Ripley County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,049 at the 2010 census.
Indian Village is a town in Clay Township, St. Joseph County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 133 at the 2010 Census. It is part of the South Bend–Mishawaka, IN-MI, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Fremont is a town in Fremont Township, Steuben County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 2,138 at the 2010 census.
Cayuga is a town in Eugene Township, Vermillion County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,162 at the 2010 census.
State Line City is a town in Kent Township, Warren County, Indiana, United States, situated along the state's boundary with Illinois. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 143.
Salem is a city in Washington Township, Washington County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. Salem serves as the county seat. The population was 6,319 at the 2010 census.
Mount Auburn is a town in Jackson Township, Wayne County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 117 at the 2010 census. The town is sandwiched between Dublin and Cambridge City.
Wolcott  is a town in Princeton Township, White County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,001 at the 2010 census.
Harpers Ferry is a city in Taylor Township, Allamakee County, Iowa, United States. The population was 328 at the 2010 census.
Belle Plaine is a city in Benton County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,534 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.
La Porte City is a city in Black Hawk County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,285 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Waterloo–Cedar Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Aplington is a city in Butler County, Iowa, United States. The population was 1,128 at the 2010 census.
Carroll is a city in and the county seat of Carroll County, Iowa, United States, along the Middle Raccoon River. The population was 10,103 in the 2010 census, down three people from the 10,106 population in the 2000 census.
Nora Springs is a city that is partially in Cerro Gordo and Floyd counties in the U.S. state of Iowa, along the Shell Rock River. The population was 1,431 at the 2010 census.
Garnavillo is a city in Clayton County, Iowa, United States. The population was 745 at the 2010 census, down from 754 at the 2000 census.
Lost Nation is a city in Clinton County, Iowa, United States. The population was 446 at the 2010 census.
Redfield is a city in Dallas County, Iowa, United States, along the Middle Raccoon River. The population was 835 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Leon is a city in Decatur County, Iowa, United States. The population was 1,977 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Decatur County.
Maxtor was an American computer hard disk drive manufacturer. Founded in 1982, it was the third largest hard disk drive manufacturer in the world before being purchased by Seagate in 2006.
Landmark Worldwide , or simply Landmark, is a company offering personal development programs, headquartered in San Francisco.
Glossop is a market town in the High Peak, Derbyshire, England, about east of Manchester, west of Sheffield and north of the county town, Matlock. Glossop is near Derbyshire's county borders with Cheshire, Greater Manchester, South Yorkshire and West Yorkshire. It is between above mean sea level, and lies just outside the Peak District National Park.
Sean Justin Penn (born August 17, 1960) is an American actor and filmmaker. He has won two Academy Awards, for his roles in the mystery drama "Mystic River" (2003) and the biopic "Milk" (2008).
Grundy Center is a city in Grundy County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,706 at the 2010 census a 4.2% increase from 2,596 at the 2000 census. Grundy Center is also the county seat of Grundy County. 
Little Sioux is a city in Harrison County, Iowa, United States. The population was 170 at the 2010 census. The city is most known for Little Sioux Scout Ranch of the Boy Scouts of America.
Cresco is a city in Howard County, Iowa, United States. The population was 3,868 in the 2010 census, a decline from 3,905 in 2000 census. It is the county seat of Howard County.
Spragueville is a city in Jackson County, Iowa, United States. The population was 81 at the 2010 census.
Shueyville is a city in Johnson County, Iowa, United States. It is part of the Iowa City, Iowa Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 577 at the 2010 census.
Lakota is a city in Kossuth County, Iowa, United States. The population was 255 at the 2010 census. Prior to 1919, the town was known as Germania.
Alburnett is a city in Linn County, Iowa, United States. The population was 673 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Marion is a city in Linn County, Iowa, United States. The population was 26,294 at the 2000 census and was 34,768 at the 2010 census, an increase of 32.2%. The city is located next to Cedar Rapids and part of the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Wapello is a city in and the county seat of Louisa County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,067 at the 2010 census.
Pella is a city in Marion County, Iowa, United States, with a population of 10,352 at the time of the 2010 U.S. Census. Founded by immigrants from the Netherlands, it is forty miles southeast of Des Moines. 
Pacific Junction is a city in Mills County, Iowa, United States. The population was 471 at the 2010 census.
Stockton is a city in Muscatine County, Iowa, United States. The population was 197 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Muscatine Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Akron is a city in Plymouth County, Iowa, United States. The population was 1,486 at the 2010 census.
Johnston is a city in Polk County, Iowa, United States. The population was 17,278 in the 2010 census, an increase of almost 100% from the 8,649 population in the 2000 census. It is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.
McClelland is a city in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, United States. The population was 151 at the 2010 census.
Diagonal is a city in Ringgold County, Iowa, United States. The population was 330 at the 2010 census.
Long Grove is a city in Scott County, Iowa, United States. The population was 808 at the 2010 census.
Hull is a city in Sioux County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,175 at the 2010 census.
Gladbrook is a city in Tama County, Iowa, United States. The population was 945 at the 2010 census.
Ackworth is a city in Warren County, Iowa, United States. The population was 83 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Spring Hill is a city in Warren County, Iowa, United States. The population was 63 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Decorah is a city in and the county seat of Winneshiek County, Iowa, United States. The population was 8,127 at the 2010 census. Decorah is located at the intersection of State Highway 9 and U.S. Route 52, and is the largest community in Winneshiek County.
Northwood is a city in Worth County, Iowa, United States, along the Shell Rock River. The population was 1,989 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Worth County.
Sharon is a city in Barber County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 158.
Cassoday is a city in Butler County, Kansas, United States. It is known as the "Prairie Chicken Capital of the World". As of the 2010 census, the city population was 129.
Cottonwood Falls is the largest city and county seat of Chase County, Kansas. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 903.
Scammon is a city in Cherokee County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 482.
Burlington is a city in and the county seat of Coffey County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,674.
Winfield is a city and county seat of Cowley County, Kansas, United States. It is situated along the Walnut River in South Central Kansas. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 12,301 and second most populous city of Cowley County.
Walnut is a city in Crawford County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 220.
Troy is a city in and the county seat of Doniphan County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,010.
Ellsworth is a city in and the county seat of Ellsworth County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 3,120. 
Grainfield is a city in Gove County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 277.
Anthony is a city in and the county seat of Harper County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,269.
Netawaka is a city in Jackson County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 143.
De Soto is a city in Johnson and Leavenworth counties in the U.S. state of Kansas, and part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. The vast majority of the city, , lies within Johnson County. 
Westwood is a city in Johnson County, Kansas, United States. It is the second most densely populated city in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,506.
Easton is a city in Leavenworth County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 253.
Goessel is a city in Marion County, Kansas, United States. It was named after Captain (1852–1895) who went down with his ship, the Elbe, in the English Channel after it was rammed. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 539.
Moundridge is a city in McPherson County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city population was 1,737.
Cherryvale is a city in Montgomery County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,367.
Burlingame is a city in Osage County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 934.
St. George is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 639. 
Lyons is a city in and the county seat of Rice County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 3,739.
Otis is a city in Rush County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 282.
Clearwater is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,481.
Park City is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States, and a suburb of Wichita. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 7,297.
Hugoton is a city in and the county seat of Stevens County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 3,904.
Eskridge is a city in Wabaunsee County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 534.
Wickliffe is a home rule-class city in Ballard County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 688 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Ballard County.
Cloverport is a home rule-class city in Breckinridge County, Kentucky, United States, on the banks of the Ohio River. The population was 1,152 at the 2010 census.
Alexandria is a home rule-class city in Campbell County, Kentucky, in the United States. Along with Newport, it is one of the dual seats of the county. 
Bardwell is a home rule-class city in and the county seat of Carlisle County, Kentucky, United States. The city was formally incorporated by the state assembly in 1878. 
Winchester is a home rule-class city in and the county seat of Clark County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 18,368 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Lexington-Fayette, KY Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Hickman is a city in and the county seat of Fulton County, Kentucky, United States. Located on the Mississippi River, the city had a population of 2,395 at the 2010 U.S. census and is classified as a home rule-class city. Hickman is part of the Union City micropolitan area.
Raceland is a home rule-class city in Greenup County, Kentucky, United States, in the Ohio River valley. As of the 2010 census, the population was 2,424.
Loyall is a home rule-class city in Harlan County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 1,461 as of the 2010 census, up from 766 at the time of the 2000 census.
Earlington is a home rule-class city in Hopkins County, Kentucky, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 1,413, down from 1,649 at the 2000 census.
Beechwood Village is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The city was formally incorporated by the state assembly in 1950. The population was 1,324 at the 2010 census, up from 1,173 at the 2000 census.
Coldstream is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 1,100 at the 2010 census, up from 956 at the 2000 census.
Goose Creek is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 294 at the 2010 census.
Jeffersontown is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 26,595 at the 2010 U.S. census.
Middletown is an independent, home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States, and a former neighborhood of Louisville. The population was 7,218 at the 2010 census.
Rolling Hills is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 959 at the 2010 census.
Thornhill is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 178 at the 2010 census.
Paintsville  is a home rule-class city along Paint Creek in Johnson County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 3,459 during the 2010 U.S. Census.
Taylor Mill is a home rule-class city in Kenton County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 6,604 at the 2010 census, down from 6,913 at the 2000 census.
Vanceburg is a home rule-class city in Lewis County, Kentucky, United States, along the Ohio River. The population was 1,518 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Lewis County.
Bradfordsville is a home rule-class city in Marion County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 304 at the time of the 2000 census.
Tompkinsville is a home rule-class city in and the county seat of Monroe County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 2,402 at the 2010 census, down from 2,660 in 2000. The city was named after Vice President Daniel D. Tompkins who served under President James Monroe, for whom the county was named.
New Haven is a home rule-class city in Nelson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 849 at 2000 census.
Coal Run Village  is a home rule-class city in Pike County, Kentucky, in the United States. Bordered to the north, south, and east by Pikeville, the population was 1,706 at the 2010 census. 
Russell Springs is a home rule-class city in Russell County, Kentucky, in the United States. The city is the gateway to Lake Cumberland, one of the largest man-made lakes in the region, created by Wolf Creek Dam. It is the largest city in the county, having a population of 2,399 during the year 2000 U.S. Census.
Morganfield is a home rule-class city in Union County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 3,285 as of the year 2010 U.S. census.
Sebree  is a home rule-class city in Webster County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 1,558 during the year 2000 U.S. Census.
Oberlin is a town in and the parish seat of Allen Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 1,770 at the 2010 census. The town is named after Johann Friedrich Oberlin.
Plain Dealing is a town in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 1,015 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Shreveport–Bossier City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Westlake is a city in Calcasieu Parish, in western Louisiana, United States, and is part of the Lake Charles Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 4,568 at the 2010 census. Westlake was incorporated in 1945.
Baker is a small city in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, United States, and a part of the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is the fourth-largest city in East Baton Rouge Parish. The population was 13,895 as of the 2010 census, an increase of 102 persons from the 2000 tabulation of 13,793.
Plaquemine is a city in and the parish seat of Iberville Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 7,119 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Olla is a town in northwest La Salle Parish, Louisiana, United States, located in the heart of the Louisiana Central Hill Country.
Fordoche  is a town in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 933 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Greensburg is a town in and the parish seat of St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 718 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Baton Rouge Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Abita Springs is a town in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 2,365 at the 2010 census, up from 1,957 in 2000. It is part of the New Orleans–Metairie–Kenner Metropolitan Statistical Area.
St. Joseph, often called St. Joe, is a town in and the parish seat of rural Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana, United States, in the delta of the Mississippi River. The population was 1,340 at the 2000 census, which declined by 12.2 percent to 1,176 in 2010. 
Shongaloo is a village in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Russell Ira Crowe (born 7 April 1964) is an actor, producer and musician. Although a New Zealand citizen, he has lived most of his life in Australia. 
Sir Richard Starkey (born 7 July 1940), known professionally as Ringo Starr, is an English musician, singer, songwriter and actor who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for the Beatles. He occasionally sang lead vocals with the group, usually for one song on each album, including "With a Little Help from My Friends", "Yellow Submarine", "Good Night", and their cover of "Act Naturally". He also wrote and sang the Beatles' songs "Don't Pass Me By" and "Octopus's Garden", and is credited as a co-writer of others, including "What Goes On" and "Flying".
The RCA Corporation was a major American electronics company, which was founded as the Radio Corporation of America in 1919. It was initially a wholly owned subsidiary of General Electric ; however, in 1932, RCA became an independent company after GE was required to divest its ownership as part of the settlement of a government antitrust suit.
Robert Albert Bloch (; April 5, 1917 – September 23, 1994) was an American fiction writer, primarily of crime, horror, fantasy and science fiction, from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He is best known as the writer of "Psycho", the basis for the film of the same name by Alfred Hitchcock. 
Rosa Louise McCauley Parks (February 4, 1913 – October 24, 2005) was an American activist in the civil rights movement best known for her pivotal role in the Montgomery bus boycott. The United States Congress has called her "the first lady of civil rights" and "the mother of the freedom movement".
Marie-Henri Beyle (; 23 January 1783 – 23 March 1842), better known by his pen name Stendhal , was a 19th-century French writer. Best known for the novels "Le Rouge et le Noir" ("The Red and the Black", 1830) and "La Chartreuse de Parme" ("The Charterhouse of Parma", 1839), he is highly regarded for the acute analysis of his characters' psychology and considered one of the earliest and foremost practitioners of realism.
Scott Raymond Adams (born June 8, 1957) is the creator of the "Dilbert" comic strip, and the author of several nonfiction works of satire, commentary, and business.
Seymour Aubrey Papert (; February 29, 1928 – July 31, 2016) was a South African-born American mathematician, computer scientist, and educator, who spent most of his career teaching and researching at MIT. He was one of the pioneers of artificial intelligence, and of the constructionist movement in education. He was co-inventor, with Wally Feurzeig and Cynthia Solomon, of the Logo programming language.
The Seleucid Empire  was a Hellenistic state ruled by the Seleucid dynasty which existed from 312 BC to 63 BC; Seleucus I Nicator founded it following the division of the Macedonian Empire vastly expanded by Alexander the Great. Seleucus received Babylonia (321 BC) and from there expanded his dominions to include much of Alexander's near-eastern territories. At the height of its power, the Empire included central Anatolia, Persia, the Levant, Mesopotamia, and what is now Kuwait, Afghanistan, and parts of Pakistan and Turkmenistan.
Shania Twain, OC (; born Eilleen Regina Edwards; August 28, 1965) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and actress. She has sold over 100 million records, making her the best-selling female artist in country music history and among the best-selling music artists of all time. 
Stephen ( – 25 October 1154), often referred to as Stephen of Blois, was King of England from 1135 to his death, as well as Count of Boulogne from 1125 until 1147 and Duke of Normandy from 1135 until 1144. Stephen's reign was marked by the Anarchy, a civil war with his cousin and rival, the Empress Matilda. 
Stephen John Ditko (; November 2, 1927 – c. June 29, 2018) was an American comics artist and writer best known as the artist and co-creator, with Stan Lee, of the Marvel Comics superheroes Spider-Man and Doctor Strange.
Sir Timothy John Berners-Lee (born 8 June 1955), also known as TimBL, is an English engineer and computer scientist, best known as the inventor of the World Wide Web. He is currently a professor of computer science at the University of Oxford and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . He made a proposal for an information management system on 12 March 1989, and he implemented the first successful communication between a Hypertext Transfer Protocol  client and server via the internet in mid-November the same year.
The Sex Pistols were an English punk rock band that formed in London in 1975. They were responsible for initiating the punk movement in the United Kingdom and inspiring many later punk and alternative rock musicians. 
The Bay City Rollers are a Scottish pop rock band known for their worldwide teen idol popularity in the 1970s. They have been called the "tartan teen sensations from Edinburgh", and "the first of many acts heralded as the 'biggest group since the Beatles'".
The Band was a Canadian-American roots rock group including Rick Danko , Garth Hudson , Richard Manuel , Robbie Robertson , and Levon Helm . The members of the Band first came together as rockabilly singer Ronnie Hawkins's Toronto, Ontario-based backing group, The Hawks, which they joined one by one between 1958 and 1963.
Thomas Vinterberg (born 19 May 1969) is a Danish film director who, along with Lars von Trier, co-founded the Dogme 95 movement in filmmaking, which established rules for simplifying movie production. He is best known for the films "The Celebration" (1998), "Submarino" (2010), "The Hunt" (2012) and "Far from the Madding Crowd" (2015).
Thomas Cruise (born Thomas Cruise Mapother IV; July 3, 1962) is an American actor and producer. He has received several accolades for his work, including three Golden Globe Awards and nominations for three Academy Awards. Cruise is one of the best-paid actors in the world, and his films have earned over $3.9 billion in North America; he is one of the highest-grossing actors of all time.
Tartu  is the second largest city of Estonia, after Estonia's political and financial capital Tallinn.
Upper Iowa University  is a private university in Fayette. It enrolls around 900 students and offers distance education programs that include 15 centers in the U.S., an online program, an independent study program, and centers in Hong Kong, Singapore and Malaysia. 
François-Marie Arouet (; 21 November 169430 May 1778), known by his "nom de plume" Voltaire , was a French Enlightenment writer, historian and philosopher famous for his wit, his criticism of Christianity, especially the Roman Catholic Church, as well as his advocacy of freedom of speech, freedom of religion and separation of church and state.
Francoist Spain , known in Spain as the Francoist dictatorship , officially known as the Spanish State  from 1936 to 1947 and the Kingdom of Spain  from 1947 to 1975, is the period of Spanish history between 1936 and 1975, when Francisco Franco ruled Spain as dictator with the title "Caudillo".
Sir Anthony van Dyck (, many variant spellings; 22 March 1599 – 9 December 1641) was a Flemish Baroque artist who became the leading court painter in England after success in the Southern Netherlands and Italy.
Chris Joseph Columbus (born September 10, 1958) is an American filmmaker. Columbus is known for directing films such as "Home Alone" (1990); its sequel, "" (1992); "Mrs. Doubtfire" (1993); "Nine Months" (1995); "Stepmom" (1998); "Bicentennial Man" (1999); "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" (2001); its sequel, "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" (2002); "" (2010); and "Pixels" (2015). 
Cáo Xuěqín ; (1715 or 17241763 or 1764) was a Chinese writer during the Qing dynasty. He is best known as the author of "Dream of the Red Chamber", one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature. His given name was Cáo Zhān  and his courtesy name was Mèngruǎn .
Brian David Sibley (born 14 July 1949) is an English writer. He is author of over 100 hours of radio drama and has written and presented hundreds of radio documentaries, features and weekly programmes. He is widely known as the author of many film "making of" books, including those for the "Harry Potter" series and "The Lord of the Rings" and "The Hobbit" trilogies.
Thomas Edison State University, formerly Thomas Edison State College, is a public institution of higher education located in Trenton, New Jersey. Thomas Edison State University is a majority-online institution that serves the state’s adult population.
Alexander Gottlieb Baumgarten (; ; 17 July 1714 – 27 May 1762) was a German philosopher. He was a brother to theologian Siegmund Jakob Baumgarten (1706–1757).
Paul Keres (; January 7, 1916June 5, 1975) was an Estonian chess grandmaster and chess writer. He was among the world's top players from the mid-1930s to the mid-1960s.
Anatoly Vasilyevich Lunacharsky , – 26 December 1933) was a Russian Marxist revolutionary and the first Bolshevik Soviet People's Commissar  responsible for Ministry and Education as well as active playwright, critic, essayist and journalist throughout his career.
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León, (; born 27 December 1951) is a Mexican economist and politician. He was President of Mexico from 1 December 1994 to 30 November 2000, as the last of the uninterrupted 71-year line of Mexican presidents from the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Daniel Kahikina Akaka (; September 11, 1924 – April 6, 2018) was an American educator and politician who was a United States Senator from Hawaii from 1990 to 2013.
Brad H. Gerstenfeld (born April 14, 1960), known professionally as Brad Garrett, is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor and professional poker player. He has appeared in numerous television and film roles.
Cathal Brugha (; born Charles William St John Burgess; 18 July 1874 – 7 July 1922) was an Irish revolutionary and republican politician who served as Minister for Defence from 1919 to 1922, Ceann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann in January 1919, President of Dáil Éireann from January 1919 to April 1919 and Chief of Staff of the Irish Republican Army from 1917 to 1919. He served as a Teachta Dála  from 1918 to 1922.
Connecticut College  is a private liberal arts college located in New London, Connecticut. It is a residential, four-year undergraduate institution with nearly all of its approximately 1,815 students living on campus. 
Panaji , also known by its former name Panjim , is the capital of the Indian state of Goa and the headquarters of North Goa district. It lies on the banks of the Mandovi River estuary in the Ilhas de Goa sub-district . With a population of 114,759 in the metropolitan area, Panjim is Goa's largest urban agglomeration, ahead of Margão and Vasco da Gama.
Miramare Castle  is a 19th-century castle on the Gulf of Trieste near Trieste, northeastern Italy. It was built from 1856 to 1860 for Austrian Archduke Ferdinand Maximilian and his wife, Charlotte of Belgium, later Emperor Maximilian I and Empress Carlota of Mexico, based on a design by Carl Junker.
Merchant Ivory Productions is a film company founded in 1961 by producer Ismail Merchant (1936—2005) and director James Ivory (b. 1928). Their films were for the most part produced by Merchant, directed by Ivory, and 23 (of the 44 total films) were scripted by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala (1927—2013) in some capacity, all but two of those with solo credit. 
Lloyd Millard Bentsen Jr. (February 11, 1921 – May 23, 2006) was an American politician who was a four-term United States Senator (1971–1993) from Texas and the Democratic Party nominee for vice president in 1988 on the Michael Dukakis ticket. He also served as the 69th United States Secretary of the Treasury under President Bill Clinton.
John Edward Hopcroft (born October 7, 1939) is an American theoretical computer scientist. His textbooks on theory of computation  and data structures are regarded as standards in their fields. He is the IBM Professor of Engineering and Applied Mathematics in Computer Science at Cornell University.
Charles of Durazzo ( 1323 – 23 January 1348) was a Neapolitan nobleman, the eldest son of John, Duke of Durazzo and Agnes of Périgord.
Salman Z. Schocken  (October 29, 1877, Margonin, Province of Posen, German Empire (today Poland) – August 6, 1959, Pontresina, Switzerland) was a German Jewish publisher and businessman. He lived in Germany until 1934, when he first emigrated to Palestine, and then in 1940 to the United States.
Maromme is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Laigueglia  is a town and "comune" in the province of Savona, in Liguria (northern Italy in 1812), nearby the Capo Mele Lighthouse.
Beitar Nes Tubruk Netanya , formerly Beitar Netanya, is a football club in Netanya, Israel. The club is one of the most successful youth academies in the country, competing in youth competitions at all age levels.
The School of Pedagogical and Technological Education  or ASPETE  is a Greek University which specializes in training teachers.
KGWC-TV is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Casper, Wyoming, United States. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual channel and UHF channel 14 from a transmitter atop Casper Mountain. 
James Dugald McPartland (March 15, 1907 – March 13, 1991) was an American cornetist. He worked with Eddie Condon, Art Hodes, Gene Krupa, Benny Goodman, Jack Teagarden, Tommy Dorsey, often leading his own bands. He was married to pianist Marian McPartland.
Ichalkaranji ) is a city in Kolhapur district in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is governed by a municipal council.
Khandela is a town and municipality in the Sikar district of the Indian state of Rajasthan.
Cadolzburg  is a municipality in the Middle Frankonian district of Fürth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated west of Fürth. 
Altenberg  is a town in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Aub  is a town in the district of Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated southeast of Würzburg, and northwest of Rothenburg ob der Tauber.
Wallendorf  is a municipality in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate, on the Sauer river.
Roccasecca is a town and "comune" in the Province of Frosinone, in the Lazio region of central Italy. It is the birthplace of St. Thomas Aquinas .
Mission Network News  is the broadcast ministry of Cornerstone University that reports on the work on mission agencies and relief organizations around the world.
Kargat  is a town and the administrative center of Kargatsky District in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kargat River. Population: 12,600 (1979); 12,700 (1959).
Altwarp is a municipality located in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, on the border with Poland. It has about 500 inhabitants and is located on the Bay of Neuwarp  opposite the Polish town of Nowe Warpno .
Jari Mantila (born July 14, 1971 in Kotka) is a Finnish nordic combined athlete who competed from 1992 to 2003. He won a gold medal in the 4 x 5 km team event at the 2002 Winter Olympics and a silver medal at the 1998 Winter Olympics. 
Klimovsk  is a microdistrict of Podolsk in Podolsk Urban Okrug, Moscow Oblast, Russia, located south of Moscow and south of Podolsk. Population: 
Bodmin Jail  is an historic former prison situated in Bodmin, on the edge of Bodmin Moor in Cornwall. Built in 1779 and closed in 1927, the large range of buildings is now largely in ruins, although parts of the prison have been turned into a tourist attraction.
Peyton List (born August 8, 1986) is an American actress and professional model, known for roles on "Mad Men", "FlashForward", "The Tomorrow People" and "Frequency". She began her career on daytime television, playing Lucy Montgomery on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" from 2001 to 2005, before she went to primetime with regular roles on the short-lived dramas "Windfall" (2006) and "Big Shots" (2007).
Charles Andrew Christopherson (July 23, 1871 – November 2, 1951) was an American lawyer and politician in South Dakota. He was elected to the state legislature in 1912. 
The Metropolitan Medical Center College of Arts, Science and Technology is a school of nursing located at Santa Cruz, Manila, Philippines. It was founded in 1976, and is owned and operated by the United Doctors Association, which is an affiliate of the Metropolitan Medical Center.
The Centre for Railway Information Systems  designs, develops, implements and maintains most of the important information systems of Indian Railways. It is located in Chanakyapuri, New Delhi. CRIS was established by the India's Ministry of Railways in 1986.
Heinz Kuttin (born 5 January 1971) is an Austrian former ski jumper.
Bad Liebenstein is a municipality and spa town in Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany. 
Sulza is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Whiteadder Water is a river in East Lothian and Berwickshire, Scotland. It also flows for a very short distance through Northumberland before joining the River Tweed. 
Samphrey  is an uninhabited island in the Shetland Islands, Scotland. One of Fair Isle's old names is "Friðarey" which is of similar origin.
Stefan Horngacher (born 20 September 1969) is an Austrian former ski jumper.
Beeskow  is a town in Brandenburg, Germany, and capital of the Oder-Spree district. It is situated on the river Spree, 30 km southwest of Frankfurt an der Oder.
KXVA, virtual and UHF digital channel 15, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Abilene, Texas, United States. The station is owned by Tegna Inc. KXVA's studios are located in the Bank of America Building on Chestnut Street in downtown Abilene, and its transmitter is located in rural southwestern Callahan County. 
Isaac Lee "Ike" Patterson, (September 17, 1859December 21, 1929) was the 18th Governor of Oregon from 1927 to 1929. An Oregon native, he served in the Oregon Legislative Assembly from 1918 to 1922, and was a farmer in the Willamette Valley.
Palombara Sabina  is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome, Italy.
Anastasia Ivanovna Rodionova (; born 12 May 1982 in Tambov) is a Russian-born Australian professional tennis player.
Krasnoslobodsk  is a town and the administrative center of Krasnoslobodsky District of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia, located on the left bank of the Moksha River , west of Saransk, the capital of the republic. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 10,151.
Segezha  is a town and the administrative center of Segezhsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located north of Petrozavodsk on the Segezha River and on the western shore of Lake Vygozero. Population: 
Michael "Michi" Uhrmann (born 16 September 1978) is a German former ski jumper who competed from 1994 to 2011.
Arcade is a comune in the province of Treviso, Veneto, northern Italy.
Cison di Valmarino is a village and "comune" with 2,613 inhabitants in the province of Treviso, Veneto, north-eastern Italy.
The Frankstown Branch Juniata River is a tributary of the Juniata River in Blair and Huntingdon Counties, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Otto I (between 1167 and 1171 – 13 January 1200) was Count of Burgundy from 1190 to his death and briefly Count of Luxembourg from 1196 to 1197. He was the fourth son of Frederick I, Holy Roman Emperor, by his second wife Beatrice I, Countess of Burgundy, daughter of Count Renaud III.
KDGL (106.9 FM, "The Eagle") is a classic Hits /classic rock station serving the Coachella Valley and Morongo Basin markets of inland Southern California. Artists featured on the station include Aerosmith, The Beatles, Boston , Jim Croce, The Eagles, Foreigner, Billy Joel, Elton John, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Fleetwood Mac, Styx, The Steve Miller Band, and many others.
Stam1na  is a Finnish heavy metal musical group native of Lemi, South Karelia. Their music is arguably best described as thrash metal with some progressive metal, death, alternative and punk influences, and is sung in the Finnish language.
Saint Vicelinus (also "Vicelin", ; 1086 – December 12, 1154) was a German bishop of Oldenburg in Holstein who was considered the apostle of Holstein.
Campos is a municipality on the island of Majorca, Spain, located on the south side of the island in the comarca of Migjorn. It borders the municipalities Llucmajor, Porreres, Felanitx, Santanyí, and ses Salines.
Ellingen is a town in the Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen district, in Bavaria, Germany.
Falkenstein is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 4 km southwest of Auerbach, and 17 km east of Plauen.
Marcel Kint (20 September 1914, in Zwevegem – 23 March 2002, in Kortrijk) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who won 31 races between 1935 and 1951. His finest year was 1938 when he won the World Cycling Championship, three stages of the Tour de France and the season-long competition equivalent to today's UCI ProTour.
Insheim is a municipality in the Verbandsgemeinde Herxheim in the Südliche Weinstraße district in Rhineland-Palatinate.
The Malaprabha River  is a tributary of the Krishna River and flows through the state of Karnataka in India. It rises in the Western Ghats at an altitude of in the state's Belgaum district. The river joins Krishna River at Kudalasangama in Bagalkot district.
CIMJ-FM, or Magic 106.1, is a Canadian radio station based in Guelph, Ontario. Its sister station is CJOY.
Jonah Hill Feldstein (born December 20, 1983) is an American actor, director, producer, screenwriter, and comedian. Hill is known for his comedic roles in films including "Superbad" (2007), "Knocked Up" (2007), "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" (2008), "Get Him to the Greek" (2010), "21 Jump Street" (2012), "This Is the End" (2013), and "22 Jump Street" (2014) as well as his performances in "Moneyball" (2011) and "The Wolf of Wall Street" (2013), for which he received Academy Award nominations for Best Supporting Actor.
Rue is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Sean Patrick St Ledger-Hall (born 28 December 1984) is a professional footballer who last played as a defender for Guiseley in the National League.
Carmel City  was a short-lived city in the Haifa District of Israel, named after its location on Mount Carmel. 
Veli Selim Saarinen (16 September 1902 – 12 October 1969) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1928 and 1932 Olympics.
Friedland  is a town in the Oder-Spree district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated in the historic Lower Lusatia region, about south of Beeskow, and north of Cottbus.
The United Socialist Movement was an anarcho-communist political organisation based in Glasgow. It published a journal, "The Word".
Edmund Conen (10 November 1914 – 5 March 1990) was a German football player. He was born in Ürzig, Germany.
Gokhale Institute of Politics and Economics, commonly known as Gokhale Institute, is one of the oldest research and training institutes in Economics in India. 
Per-Erik Hedlund (18 April 1897 – 12 February 1975) was a Swedish cross-country skier. He competed in the 18 and 50 km events at the 1924 and 1928 Olympics and won the gold medal over 50 km in 1928, more than 13 minutes ahead of fellow Swede Gustaf Jonsson. 
Patriotic Alliance  was a short-lived Greek ultranationalist political party, founded in 2004. It was a member party of the European National Front.
Marie-Anne Pierrette Paulze (20 January 1758 in Montbrison, Loire, France – 10 February 1836) was a French chemist and noble. Madame Lavoisier was the wife of the chemist and nobleman Antoine Lavoisier, and acted as his laboratory companion and contributed to his work. 
BI-LO was an Australian supermarket chain owned by Wesfarmers. Once a chain of 180 outlets, BI-LO stores were progressively re-branded as Coles Supermarkets from 2006, or closed. 
Greek Street is a street in Soho, London, leading south from Soho Square to Shaftesbury Avenue. The street is famous for its restaurants and cosmopolitan nature.
Steve Riley and the Mamou Playboys are a Cajun band from southern Louisiana. The band formed in 1988 and has since recorded 10 albums, nine of which are on Rounder Records.
Hayingen is a town in the district of Reutlingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 32 km southeast of Reutlingen.
It is one of the TX Network  stations, broadcasting in Okayama Prefecture and Kagawa Prefecture, and it is the only TXN's TV station in Chugoku-Shikoku region.
Bozell is an American full-service public relations and advertising agency in Omaha, Nebraska, United States, North America. 
Bernhard Eisel (born 17 February 1981) is an Austrian professional road bicycling racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Grassy Lick Run is a tributary stream of the North River, itself a tributary of the Cacapon River, making it a part of the Potomac River and Chesapeake Bay watersheds. Grassy Lick Run flows south through the community of Kirby.
Ittifaq al-Muslimin  was a liberal-democratic party of Muslims in Russian Empire. The party was formed after "The First Congress of Muslims of Russia" and the party line was similar to Kadets. 
Indra Sistemas, S.A.  is a Spanish information technology and defense systems company. Indra is listed on the Bolsa de Madrid and is a constituent of the IBEX 35 index.
The Workers Party of America  was the name of the legal party organization used by the Communist Party USA from the last days of 1921 until the middle of 1929.
Bairnsdale Airport is located south west of Bairnsdale, Victoria, Australia, off the Princes Highway.
Mangalore Airport is located west Mangalore, Victoria, Australia. The airport is about 2 hours north of Melbourne by road, and is home to the Helicopter Pilot College, Kestrel Aviation and Moorabbin Aviation Services .
Shepparton Airport is located south of Shepparton, Victoria, Australia on the Goulburn Valley Highway.
Lauchheim is a town in the Ostalbkreis district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Jagst, 12 km northeast of Aalen.
Thomas Mark "Tommy, The Bomber" Williams (April 17, 1940 – February 8, 1992) was an American ice hockey player. He was the first American to play regularly in the National Hockey League since the retirement of Frank Brimsek in 1950. 
Liebenau is a town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated on the river Diemel, 25 km northwest of Kassel.
Salemi is a town and "comune" in South-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani. It is located in the Belice Valley.
Mellrichstadt is a town in the district Rhön-Grabfeld, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 17 km southwest of Meiningen, and 13 km northeast of Bad Neustadt. 
Jake Sequoyah Shields (born January 9, 1979) is an American mixed martial artist, currently fighting in the welterweight division for the PFL. He was the last Rumble on the Rock Welterweight Champion, the only Elite XC Welterweight Champion, a former Shooto Welterweight Champion and former Strikeforce Middleweight Champion. He also fought for the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Monheim is a town in the Donau-Ries district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 15 km northeast of Donauwörth, and 27 km east of Nördlingen. 
Altavilla Irpina  is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
Capriglia Irpina is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.
Contrada is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
Tufo is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy. As of 2009 its population was of 938.
Teora is a small town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, in the Campania region of southern Italy.
Netzschkau is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 6 km southeast of Greiz, and 21 km southwest of Zwickau.
Erkan Mumcu (b. May 1, 1963 Isparta, Turkey) is a Turkish politician and the sixth leader of the Motherland Party .
The Crabb Family is a southern gospel group originally from Beaver Dam, Kentucky. They have had sixteen No. 
Football Club Legnago Salus Società Sportiva Dilettantistica  is an Italian football club located in Legnago, Veneto.
WUVT-FM (90.7 FM) is a freeform broadcast radio station located in Blacksburg, Virginia, serving Blacksburg and Montgomery County, Virginia. WUVT-FM is licensed to Virginia Tech and is operated by The Educational Media Company at Virginia Tech.
Oroslavje  is a town and municipality in Krapina-Zagorje County in Croatia. In the 2011 census, there were 6,124 inhabitants in the following settlements:
LiAZ  is a bus manufacturing company located in Likino-Dulyovo, Russia. It is now a wholly owned subsidiary of GAZ. 
Van der Graaf Generator are an English progressive rock band, formed in 1967 in Manchester by singer-songwriters Peter Hammill and Chris Judge Smith and the first act signed by Charisma Records. They did not experience much commercial success in the UK, but became popular in Italy during the 1970s. 
Roger Marcel Cicero Ciceu (6 July 1970 – 24 March 2016) was a German jazz and pop musician.
Hilsa is a sub-division of the Nalanda district in the Indian state of Bihar well known as a centre of Buddhist knowledge. Located approximately south-east of the state capital Patna, the area was an important hub during the Indian independence movement and produced many freedom fighters. 
David Rintoul (born David Wilson; 29 November 1948) is a Scottish stage and television actor. Rintoul was born in Aberdeen, Scotland. He studied at the University of Edinburgh, and won a scholarship to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London.
The National Humanities Center  is an independent institute for advanced study in the humanities. The NHC operates as a privately incorporated nonprofit and is not part of any university or federal agency. 
The Shawangunk Kill is a stream that flows northward through Orange, Sullivan and Ulster counties, New York, in the United States. It is the largest tributary of the Wallkill River.
Koskinen Stadium is a 4,500-seat (7,000-capacity) stadium in Durham, North Carolina on the campus of Duke University. It serves as home to Duke's soccer and lacrosse teams.
Swedru All Blacks F.C. is a professional football club based in Swedru, Central Region, Ghana. The club are currently competing in the Poly Tank Division One League.
Jean-Claude Gaudin (born 8 October 1939) is a French politician for The Republicans. He has been Mayor of Marseille since 1995.
John Derek Freeman (15 August 1916 – 6 July 2001) was a New Zealand anthropologist known for of Margaret Mead's work on Samoan society, as described in her 1928 ethnography "Coming of Age in Samoa". His attack "ignited controversy of a scale, visibility, and ferocity never before seen in anthropology."
Alexander Pavlovich Grachev (, born 28 July 1984) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer. With Elena Romanovskaya, he is the 2004 World Junior champion.
Sydenham Hill is a hill and an affluent locality in southeast London. It is also the name of a road which runs along the northeastern part of the ridge, forming the boundary between the London Borough of Southwark, London Borough of Bromley and the London Borough of Lewisham. The highest part of the hill is the highest point of the Boroughs of both Southwark and Lewisham, as well as being one of the highest points in the whole of London, at . 
VSG Altglienicke is a German sports club based in the Treptow district of eastern Berlin offering its members football, volleyball, handball, bowling, seniors activities and gymnastics. Its football team plays in the Regionalliga Nordost .
The Flying Hat Band were an early 1970s Birmingham, England hard rock act that, alongside Judas Priest, ranked as the Midlands' favourites to succeed. Despite not having released an album, the band proved a successful club act and eventually went on to support Deep Purple on one of their European tours.
Eastern Arabia was historically known as "Al-Bahrain"  until the 18th century. This region stretched from the south of Basra along the Persian Gulf coast and included the regions of Bahrain, Kuwait, Al-Hasa, Qatif, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Southern Iraq, and Northern Oman. 
Federica Faiella (born 1 February 1981) is an Italian former competitive ice dancer. With partner Massimo Scali, she is the 2010 World bronze medalist, a two-time (2009–2010) European silver medalist, and six-time (2003–2005, 2007–2009) Italian national champion. 
Club Deportivo Walter Ferretti is a Nicaraguan football team who play in the Nicaraguan Premier Division. They are based in Managua.
Katrina Bowden (born September 19, 1988) is an American actress best known for playing Cerie on the NBC sitcom "30 Rock" (2006–2013). She also appeared in films such as "Sex Drive", "Piranha 3DD", and "Scary Movie 5".
Giovanni di Lorenzo (born 9 March 1959) is a German-Italian journalist. Editor-in-chief (since 2004) of German nationwide weekly newspaper "Die Zeit" and former editor-in-chief of Berlin's liberal daily newspaper "Der Tagesspiegel" (1999-2004; has since retained the position of publisher). Additionally di Lorenzo is a prominent talk show host for the Radio Bremen show "3nach9" airing monthly on NDR.
The Scandinavian Montane Birch forests and grasslands ecoregion, a Palearctic ecoregion of the Alpine tundra and Boreal forest Biomes, located in Norway, Sweden, and Finland. It is one of the terrestrial ecoregions determined and defined by the World Wildlife Fund.
The Skipton Building Society is a building society in the United Kingdom . It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
Michael T. Ghiselin (born May 13, 1939) is an American biologist, and philosopher as well as historian of biology, formerly at the California Academy of Sciences.
Marie-Mai Bouchard (born 7 July 1984), known professionally as Marie-Mai, is a Canadian singer from Quebec. She was initially known as one of the finalists of the first season of the Quebec reality show "Star Académie".
The Union of the Centre  was a minor liberal political party in Italy. The party was a successor of the Italian Liberal Party.
Zehna is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Turkish State Cemetery  is a national and military cemetery in Ankara, Turkey, containing the graves of the presidents of Turkey and the high-ranked, close companions-in-arms of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of the Republic of Turkey, in the Turkish War of Independence.
KTKK (630 AM) was a news/talk radio station broadcasting out of Sandy, Utah, to the Salt Lake City area. Called, "K-Talk 630", it was locally owned by United Broadcasting Company. 
Steven Harvey Schiff (March 18, 1947 – March 25, 1998) was an American politician. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing the first district of New Mexico from 1989 until his death in 1998. Schiff was a Republican.
Heart 103  was an independent radio station serving Bath in Somerset, England, broadcasting on 103 MHz FM, on DAB Digital radio and online.
Salvatore Sirigu (, ; born 12 January 1987) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Torino and the Italy national team.
WFVL is a K-Love-affiliated Contemporary Christian radio station in the Fayetteville, North Carolina, market which broadcasts on 102.3 FM.
Pinehurst State Airport , is a public airport located 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of Pinehurst, in Jackson County, Oregon, USA.
Anders Oscar Ahlgren (12 February 1888 – 27 December 1976) was a Greco-Roman wrestler from Sweden. He was a world champion in 1913 and finished second in 1911 and 1922.
Editorial Planeta-DeAgostini is a Spanish-Italian publisher and a subsidiary of Grupo Planeta and De Agostini specializing in collectable books, sold in pieces, periodically through newsstands. It has its headquarters in Barcelona.
WNKT is a sports talk radio station licensed to Eastover, South Carolina and serves the Columbia, South Carolina market. The Cumulus Media outlet is licensed by the Federal Communications Commission  to broadcast at 107.5 MHz with an effective radiated power  of 40 kW. The station goes by the name 107-5 The Game. 
Maccabi Ironi Kiryat Ata  is an Israeli football club, located in Kiryat Ata. They play in Liga Alef and play at the Kiryat Ata Municipal Stadium.
Hans-Joachim Hespos (born March 13, 1938) is a German composer of avant-garde music. He was born in Emden.
The International Association of Business Communicators  is a global network of communications professionals.
The Silver River is a short spring-fed river located east of Ocala in Marion County, Florida. Fed by Silver Springs, it connects the springs to the Ocklawaha River, passing through a pristine woodland environment. 
WGUS-FM 102.7 is a Southern Gospel radio station licensed to New Ellenton, South Carolina, but is part of the Augusta, Georgia radio market. The station is licensed by the FCC to broadcast on 102.7 FM with an ERP of 4.3 kW. Its studios are located just two blocks from the Augusta-Richmond County border in unincorporated Columbia County, Georgia and the transmitter is east of Aiken, South Carolina.
Hans Leussink (2 February 1912 in Schüttorf – 16 February 2008 in Karlsruhe) was a German teacher and politician. He served as the country's Minister for Education and Research from October 1969 to March 1972 in Cabinet Brandt I under Chancellor Willy Brandt. His descendants live in Canada and the Netherlands.
DHX Media is a Canadian media production, distribution and broadcasting company. Formed in 2006 by the merger of Decode Entertainment and the Halifax Film Company, the company is the largest independent owner of children's television in the industry.
, also known as UTY, is a Japanese broadcast network affiliated with the JNN. Its headquarters are located in Kōfu, Yamanashi.
La Grande-Paroisse is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Hautefeuille is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne département in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Ginestas  is a commune of the Aude department in southern France.
WRIX, "Electric City Bluegrass" is a daytime-only Bluegrass radio station located near Anderson, South Carolina. The station is licensed by the Federal Communications Commission  to the nearby community of Homeland Park and broadcasts on 1020 AM with a power of 10,000 watts during the day and 3,000 watts during critical hours.
Anna of Hohenstaufen (1230 – April 1307), born Constance, was an Empress of Nicaea. She was a daughter of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor and Bianca Lancia.
Larchant is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region.
Lizy-sur-Ourcq is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. 
The Welcome Islands  are a small rocky archipelago to the north of the main island of South Georgia. They are to the east of Bird Island.
Tampereen Peli-Pojat-70 (abbreviated PP-70) is a football club from Tampere, Finland that was established in 1970. PP-70 currently plays in the Nelonen with its home venue at the Ikurin Virelä .
Henry Blanke (December 30, 1901 – May 28, 1981) was a German-born film producer who also worked as an assistant director, supervisor, writer, and production manager. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture for "The Nun's Story" (1959).
Cumberland East Bay is a bay forming the eastern arm of Cumberland Bay, South Georgia. It is entered between Sappho Point on Thatcher Peninsula and Barff Point on Barff Peninsula. It is nearly wide, and extends in a southeast direction.
WISE (1310 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a sports format. Licensed to Asheville, North Carolina, United States, it serves the Asheville area. 
The Albano is a stream  of Lombardy, Italy which flows through the province of Como. It rises from the Bocchetta di Sommafiume, in the commune of Germasino and runs eastwards through the Albano valley entering Lake Como at Dongo. 
WKMF (88.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Flint, Michigan, it is a member of the K-Love radio network.
Bangkalan is a town on the western coast of Madura Island in Indonesia, the government seat of the Bangkalan Regency.
Newcastle United F.C. Reserves and Academy are the reserve and academy teams for the Premier League club Newcastle United.
CFWC-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 93.9 FM in Brantford, Ontario. The station airs a Christian radio format branded as "Arise Brantford 93.9" and is owned by Evanov Radio Group.
Revolverheld  is a German rock band from Hamburg, Germany.
Magny-le-Hongre  is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Mary-sur-Marne is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
WNCW (88.7 FM) is a non-commercial public radio station licensed to serve Spindale, North Carolina. Owned by Isothermal Community College, the station broadcasts a varied format including folk, blues, jazz, reggae, Celtic, world, rock, bluegrass, indie, and news.
William Lynch Coffey (born 24 May 1958) is a Scottish politician. He has been a Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for Kilmarnock and Loudoun since 2007.
Saoirse Una Ronan ( ; born 12 April 1994) is an Irish and American actress. Primarily noted for her work in period dramas since a teenager, she is the recipient of several accolades, including a Golden Globe Award, and has been nominated for three Academy Awards and four British Academy Film Awards.
El Cuarteto de Nos is a Latin Grammy Award-winning rock group formed in 1984 in Montevideo, Uruguay.
The Danish Railway Museum  is the national railway museum of Denmark, located in the city of Odense. Established in 1975, it is situated in a former engine shed adjacent to the city's main railway station. 
Gregor Braun (born 31 December 1955) is a retired track cyclist and road bicycle racer from Germany, who was a professional rider from 1977 to 1989 and who became a multiple Olympic Gold medaillist and track world champion. his profession was a locksmith.
Democratic Left , whose complete name was Democratic Left. For European Socialism , was a democratic-socialist political party in Italy.
EgyptAir Cargo is the cargo division of the Egyptian national airline EgyptAir. It operates using both its own dedicated aircraft and the cargo-carrying capacity of its sister passenger airline. Its main base is Cairo International Airport.
The Florida International University Tianjin Center is a campus of Miami, Florida-based Florida International University  located in Tianjin, in the People's Republic of China, from which a branch of the FIU School of Hospitality & Tourism Management operates. The center was constructed as a cooperative venture with the local municipal government and the Tianjin University of Commerce . 
Mumok  is a museum in the Museumsquartier in Vienna, Austria.
Mons-en-Montois is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Montmachoux is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
The West Midland Railway was an early British railway company. It was formed on 1 July 1860 by a merger of several older railway companies and amalgamated with the Great Western Railway on 1 August 1863. It was the successor to the Oxford, Worcester and Wolverhampton Railway .
Otto Fickeisen (24 December 1879 – 15 December 1963) was a German rower who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics. In 1900 he was a crew member of the German boat, which won the bronze medal in the coxed fours. 
Zuhal Olcay (; born 10 August 1957) is a Turkish actress and singer.
Dmytro Pavlychko (; born September 28, 1929) is a Ukrainian poet, translator, scriptwriter, culturologist, political and public figure.
Adriano Gerlin da Silva (born September 20, 1974) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a striker.
TVP Sport is a Polish sport channel owned by TVP launched on 18 November 2006. The channel is available on n, Cyfra+, Cyfrowy Polsat, as well as over cable providers.
Youssouf Mulumbu (born 25 January 1987) is a Congolese professional footballer who most recently played as a midfielder for Celtic.
Lambesc is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France.
The Bodmer Foundation  is a library and museum specialised in manuscripts and precious editions. It is located in Cologny, Switzerland just outside Geneva.
Ankhesenpepi II or Ankhesenmeryre II was a queen consort during the sixth dynasty of Egypt. She was the wife of Kings Pepi I and Merenre Nemtyemsaf I, and the mother of Pepi II. She was buried in a pyramid in Saqqara.
The Patterson River is a partly man-made urban river of the Port Phillip catchment, located in the south-eastern Greater Melbourne region of the Australian state of Victoria. It is the shortest river in Victoria at only 5 kilometres in length.
Ardales is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga, part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain. The municipality is situated approximately 62.5 kilometres from Málaga.
Word, Sound and Power are a Jamaican reggae band, formed in 1976 as Peter Tosh's backing band after Tosh left The Wailers. They toured with Tosh in America in 1976, Europe in 1978, and backed him at the One Love Peace Concert. For this concert, their line-up was Sly and Robbie, Al Anderson, Mikey Chung, Robbie Lyn, Keith Sterling, Uziah Thompson and Noel Simms.
Gardanne is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.
WTRX (1330 AM, "Sports XTRA 1330") is an American radio station broadcasting a sports radio format in Flint, Michigan. It is the Flint affiliate for the Detroit Lions, Detroit Tigers, Michigan Wolverines, and ESPN Radio. Its studios are located south of the Flint city limits in Mundy Township and its transmitter is south of Flint in Burton.
Moussy-le-Neuf is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Nonville is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Elkhart Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Elkhart, a city in Elkhart County, Indiana, United States.
WGKA (AM 920), "The Answer", is a radio station based in Atlanta, Georgia, owned by Salem Communications.
Monteux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
WGER (106.3 FM, "Mix 106.3") is a radio station licensed to Saginaw, Michigan broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format. The station broadcasts from a transmitter southeast of I-675 Exit 6  in Carrollton Township in Saginaw County.
Favorit TV  is a Romanian folk music channel located in Bucharest owned by "Centrul National Media".
Catherine de Bourbon (7 February 1559 – 13 February 1604) was a Navarrese princess. She was the daughter of Queen Joan III and King Anthony of Navarre. She ruled the principality of Béarn in the name of her brother, King Henry IV of France, from 1576 until 1596.
KZRV (96.7 FM, "96-7 The River") is a radio station in St. Cloud, Minnesota licensed to Sartell, Minnesota by the Federal Communications Commission , airing a classic hits format. The station is owned by Townsquare Media. 
The Big Wood River is a river in central Idaho, United States, that is a tributary of the Malad River .
Friedrich Wilhelm Marpurg (21 November 1718 – 22 May 1795) was a German music critic, music theorist and composer. He was friendly and active with many figures of the Enlightenment of the 18th century.
Killegray is an island in the Sound of Harris in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.
Antoni "Toni" Lima Solà (born 22 September 1970) is an Andorran retired professional footballer who played as a central defender.
Vasily Vladimirovich Koshechkin (; born 27 March 1983) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender. He currently plays for Metallurg Magnitogorsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.
Eilean Mhealasta  is an uninhabited island off the west coast of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. It takes its name from Mealista, a nearby township on Lewis.
KF Ferizaj  is a football club based in Ferizaj, Kosovo. The club plays in the top division of football in Kosovo, Football Superleague of Kosovo.
Paulo César Vieira Rosa, nicknamed Paulinho and Paulinho McLaren (born September 28, 1963) is a former Brazilian football player.
Netum or Neetum , was a considerable ancient town in the south of Sicily, near the sources of the little river Asinarus , and about 34 km southwest of Syracuse. Its current site is at the "località" of Noto Antica , in the modern "comune" of Noto.
Manou is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
The Ramblers is a Namibian football club from Pionierspark, Windhoek.
The Slovak National Gallery  is a network of galleries in Slovakia. It has its headquarters in Bratislava.
Rica Reinisch (later Assmann then Neumann, born 6 April 1965 in Seifhennersdorf, Saxony) is a retired swimmer from East Germany. She was a specialist in backstroke, setting four world records in the Moscow Games (three in 100 m backstroke: 1:01.51, 1:01.50 and 1:00.86; one in 200 m backstroke 2:11.77), at the age of fifteen. She won gold medals in the 100 m and 200 m backstroke and as a member of the 4 x 100 medley relay team.
The University of Santo Tomas Faculty of Civil Law or "UST Law" , is the law school of the University of Santo Tomas, the oldest and the largest Catholic university in Manila, Philippines.
East Belfast Football Club is a Northern Irish, intermediate football club playing in the Premier Division of the Northern Amateur Football League. The club is based in East Belfast. 
Penchard is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Ivan Bogorov  (1818–1892) was a noted Bulgarian encyclopedist from the time of the National Revival. Educated in medicine, he also worked in the spheres of industry, economy, transport, geography, journalism and linguistics.
WJIM-FM (97.5 FM, "975 Now FM") is a radio station in Lansing, Michigan, broadcasting an adult leaning Top 40  format.
Lee Min-ki (born January 16, 1985) is a South Korean actor, singer and model. Lee played his first TV leading role in the 2005 sports drama "Taereung National Village", followed by the romantic comedies "Love Truly" in 2006, "Dal-ja's Spring" in 2007, " Because This Is My First Life" in 2017 and "The Beauty Inside" in 2018. The actor has also starred in feature films, most notably in the box office hits "Tidal Wave", "Quick" and "Very Ordinary Couple".
Cutco Corporation, formerly Alcas Corporation, is a direct sales company that sells knives, predominantly through direct sales. It is the parent company of CUTCO Cutlery Corp., Vector Marketing, Ka-Bar Knives, and Schilling Forge. Its primary brand is the name Cutco.
KYUN (102.1 FM, "The Bull") is a commercial radio station located in Twin Falls, Idaho. KYUN airs a country music format.
The Centrists , formerly known as New Centre  and European Social Liberal Party , is a centre-right political party in France formed by the members of the Union for French Democracy  – including 18 of the 29 members of the UDF in the National Assembly) – who did not agree with François Bayrou's decision to found the Democratic Movement  and wanted to support the newly elected president Nicolas Sarkozy, continuing the UDF-Union for a Popular Movement  alliance.
Juliet R. V. Barker FRSL (born 1958) is an English historian, specialising in the Middle Ages and literary biography. She is the author of a number of well-regarded works on the Brontës, William Wordsworth, and medieval tournaments. 
Hermann Haken (born 12 July 1927 in Leipzig, Germany) is physicist and professor emeritus in theoretical physics at the University of Stuttgart. He is known as the founder of synergetics. 
Melissa Paige Wu (born 3 May 1992) is an Australian diver and silver medal winner at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, the 2006 Commonwealth Games and the 2008 Summer Olympics. She is an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
The Indiana Republican Party is the affiliate of the United States Republican Party  in the state of Indiana. The chairman of the Indiana Republican State Committee is Kyle Hupfer.
Andrew Timothy Birkin (born 9 December 1945) is an English screenwriter, director and occasional actor. He was born the only son of Lieutenant-Commander David Birkin and his wife, actress Judy Campbell. 
Fuente de Piedra is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga, part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain. The municipality is located approximately 19 kilometers from Antequera and 73 km from the provincial capital of Málaga. It is located within the Antequera judicial district as well. 
Buxeuil is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France. Buxeuil is one of the smallest communes in the Côte des Bar region of southern Champagne.
Spruce Creek is a tributary of the Little Juniata River in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Los Santos de Maimona is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 8,245 in 2012 and an area of 108 km².
The Henry Clay Frick Fine Arts Building is a landmark Renaissance villa and a contributing property to the Schenley Farms-Oakland Civic Historic District on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. The Frick Fine Arts Building sits on the southern edge of Schenley Plaza, opposite The Carnegie Institute, and is the home of Pitt's History of Art and Architecture Department, Studio Arts Department, and the Frick Fine Arts Library. Before its front steps is Mary Schenley Memorial Fountain.
The Schroon River  is a tributary of the Hudson River in the southern Adirondack Mountains of New York, beginning at the confluence of Crowfoot Brook and New Pond Brook near Underwood, and terminating at the Hudson in Warrensburg. Its watershed is entirely within the Adirondack Park. The river runs through the towns of North Hudson, Schroon, Chester, Bolton, and Warrensburg.
The John Paul II Pontifical Theological Institute for Marriage and Family Sciences is a Roman Catholic pontifical institute of theological studies on marriage and family with affiliated campuses around the world.
Forrest Airport is an airport located in the tiny hamlet of Forrest, Western Australia. The airport is clearly visible from the Indian Pacific train which services the Trans-Australian Railway.
Newport City F.C. is a football club based in the Llanwern area of the City of Newport, South Wales. The club currently play in the Welsh Football League Division Two.
Valdis Zatlers (born 22 March 1955) is a Latvian politician and former physician who served as the seventh president of Latvia from 2007 to 2011. He won the Latvian presidential election of 31 May 2007. 
Henry Howard, 4th Earl of Carlisle KG (14 August 1694 – 3 September 1758), styled Viscount Morpeth until 1738 was a British Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1715 to 1738 when he succeeded to the Peerage as Earl of Carlisle.
Tin Can Bay is a coastal town and locality in the Wide Bay–Burnett region in Queensland, Australia. The locality is split between the Fraser Coast Region  and the Gympie Region , but the town itself is within Gympie Region.
WCRH at 90.5 FM is a religious radio station in Hagerstown, Maryland from Cedar Ridge Ministries.
Prairie Lights is an independent bookstore in downtown Iowa City, Iowa, founded in 1978, by Jim Harris.
The Ernest Hemingway House was the residence of author Ernest Hemingway in Key West, Florida, United States. It is at 907 Whitehead Street, across from the Key West lighthouse, close to the southern coast of the island. On November 24, 1968, it was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
WTNT-FM (94.9 FM) is an adult contemporary radio station broadcasting in Tallahassee, Florida. Under ownership of iHeartMedia, Inc., its studios and transmitter are located separately in the northside of Tallahassee.
Vittorio Gregotti (Novara, 10 August 1927) is an Italian architect, born in Novara.
Buxi Jagabandhu Bidyadhar College, better known as BJB College, is a college in Bhubaneswar in Odisha, India that offers courses at primarily the higher secondary and undergraduate levels. The courses at the higher secondary level are affiliated to the Council of Higher Secondary Education, Odisha, and courses at the undergraduate and postgraduate level are offered in affiliation with Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, Odisha. 
Stephen Louis Brusatte (born April 24, 1984) is an American paleontologist and evolutionary biologist, who specializes in the anatomy and evolution of dinosaurs. He was educated at the University of Chicago for BS degree, at the University of Bristol for MSc on a Marshall Scholarship, and finally at the Columbia University for MPhil and PhD. He is a Chancellor's Fellow in Vertebrate Palaentology at the University of Edinburgh. 
Abovyan City Stadium  is an all-seater football stadium in Abovyan, Armenia. 
Asswehly Sports Club  is a Libyan football club based in Misurata City, Libya.
The McClymonts are an Australian country music trio comprising sisters Brooke McClymont (born 1981), Samantha McClymont (born 1986) and Mollie McClymont (born 1987), originally from Grafton, New South Wales. They have released one eponymous EP and five albums, "Chaos and Bright Lights", "Wrapped Up Good", "Two Worlds Collide", "Here's To You & I" and "Endless", and have won thirteen Golden Guitars and two ARIA Awards.
Parada de Rubiales is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 270 people.
Midstate Airlines ) was an airline with its headquarters in Stevens Point, Wisconsin.
Power Dynamos is a Zambian football club based in Kitwe that plays in the MTN/FAZ Super Division. They play their home games at Arthur Davies Stadium in Kitwe. 
Susuman  is a town and the administrative center of Susumansky District in Magadan Oblast, Russia, located on the Berelyokh River, northwest of Magadan, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
El Manzano is a village and large municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 74 people.
The Three Hummock Island, part of the Hunter Island Group, is a granite island, located in the Bass Strait near King Island, lying off the north-west coast of Tasmania, Australia.
Lee Jung-soo (; born 8 January 1980) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a central defender for Charlotte Independence of the USL.
Martin Koolhoven was born on 25 April 1969 in The Hague in the Netherlands. Koolhoven went to the Dutch Film Academy  and graduated in 1996 as a screenwriter and director.
Kotovsk  is a town in Tambov Oblast, Russia, located on the Tsna River south of Tambov. Population: 
Yakima Electric Railway Museum is located at the corner of South Third Avenue and Pine Street in Yakima, Washington.
Cornelis Corneliszoon van Haarlem (1562 – 11 November 1638), Dutch Golden Age painter and draughtsman, was one of the leading Northern Mannerist artists in the Netherlands, and an important forerunner of Frans Hals as a portraitist.
KBTF-CD, virtual and UHF digital channel 31, is a low-powered, Class A UniMás owned-and-operated television station licensed to Bakersfield, California, United States. Owned by the Univision Local Media subsidiary of Univision Communications, it is sister to Class A Univision owned-and-operated station KABE-CD (channel 39) and Justice Network affiliate KUVI-DT (channel 45). 
Leonard Roberts (born November 17, 1972) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Sean Taylor in "Drumline" and for playing Forrest Gates in the fourth season of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and DL Hawkins in the first season of "Heroes".
GMAC Real Estate was a real estate franchised broker. It had 13,000 agents. In 2008, it was acquired by Brookfield Asset Management and in 2012, it merged into HomeServices of America.
Trang Airport is in Tambon Khok Lo, Mueang Trang District, Trang Province, seven km from Trang town centre. 
Ealdred was Earl of Bernicia from 1020/25 until his murder in 1038. He was the son of Uhtred, Earl of Northumbria, who was murdered by Thurbrand the Hold in 1016 with the connivance of Cnut. Ealdred's mother was Ecgfrida, daughter of Aldhun, bishop of Durham.
Heston Aerodrome was an airfield located to the west of London, England, operational between 1929 and 1947. It was situated on the border of the Heston and Cranford areas of Hounslow, Middlesex. 
Stefano Mei (born 3 February 1963 in La Spezia) is an Italian long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 and 10000 metres. European champion on 10000 m in 1986.
OJSC Nizhniy Tagil Iron and Steel Works  is a Russian steel manufacturer. It is part of the Evraz Group. 
Ronald Pofalla (born 15 May 1959 in Weeze) is a German politician of the CDU and a German manager. He was the Chief of Staff of the German Chancellery and a Federal Minister for Special Affairs from 2009 to 2013, in the second coalition government of Chancellor Angela Merkel. Since 2017, he is the CEO of the infrastructure department of Deutsche Bahn.
Kaadedhdhoo Airport is a domestic airport on the island of Kaadedhdhoo in Gaafu Dhaalu  atoll, Maldives. The airport is located south of Thinadhoo. It was opened on 10 December 1993, by President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom.
Southern Telecom is a Svyazinvest company providing coverage to the Southern Federal District of Russia. The company was formed in 2001 by the merger of 9 large telecommunications companies into the extant Kubanelectrosvyaz OJSC in Krasnodar:
The Museum of International Folk Art is a state-run institution in Santa Fe, New Mexico, United States. It is one of many cultural institutions operated by the New Mexico Department of Cultural Affairs.
Pordenone Calcio is an Italian association football club in Pordenone, Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It currently plays in Serie B.
Club Sportivo Dock Sud is an Argentine football club based in the Dock Sud district of Avellaneda Partido, Greater Buenos Aires. The club is mostly known for its football team, which currently plays in Primera C Metropolitana, the regionalised fourth division of the Argentine football league system.
Septemvri  is a town in Pazardzhik Province, Southern Bulgaria, located at the western end of the Upper Thracian Lowland, away to the west from the city of Pazardzhik. It is the administrative centre of homonymous Septemvri Municipality. 
TVS Television  was a private Russian television network which was shut down by the Press Ministry of Russia on June 22, 2003.
Ernest Andrew "Ernie" Royal (June 2, 1921 in Los Angeles, California – March 16, 1983 in New York City) was a jazz trumpeter. His older brother was clarinetist and alto saxophonist Marshal Royal, with whom he appears on the classic Ray Charles big band recording "The Genius of Ray Charles" (1959).
Pleasant River is a river in Oxford County, Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River, which flows east and south to join the Kennebec River in Merrymeeting Bay near the Atlantic Ocean.
The Tusker Football Club is a football club based in Nairobi, Kenya. It is the third most successful club in Kenya with eleven Kenyan league championships and four Kenyan cup wins. 
Croix-Chapeau is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
The is a Class A major river in the western part of Okayama Prefecture. It acts as the main drainage for the Takahashi River Drainage System, and is one of the three main drainage rivers in Okayama Prefecture . 
The Royal Saudi Land Forces  , also called the Saudi Arabian Army , are the largest branch of the Saudi Arabia Armed Forces. The Chief of the Saudi General Staff until 2011 was Field Marshal Saleh Al-Muhaya.
Al-Baath University , founded in 1979, is a public university located in the city of Homs, Syria, 180 km north of Damascus. It is Syria's fourth largest university.
Avezzano Calcio Ar. L. is an Italian association football club located in Avezzano, Abruzzo.
Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company is a religious publishing house based in Grand Rapids, Michigan. 
Oryx Club de Douala is a football club from Douala, Cameroon, that achieved most of its success in the 1960s.It won the inaugural African Cup of Champions Clubs in 1964 beating Stade Malien on a score of 2–1 in the final, and so becoming the first club outfit from Cameroon to win the title. 
Ratier-Figeac is an aircraft components manufacturer in Figeac, France.
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Anziolavinio is an Italian association football club located in Anzio, Lazio.
CKVM-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Ville-Marie, Quebec.
Johnny St. Cyr (April 17, 1890 – June 17, 1966) was an American jazz banjoist and guitarist.
Anais is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
TV3 is a Swedish pay television channel owned by Viasat. It was launched on 31 December 1987 by businessman Jan Stenbeck.
Herbert Zimmermann (born 1 July 1954) is a former German football player.
Nafpaktiakos Asteras  is the representative football club of the town of Naupactus, Greece. 
Club Sportivo Patria is a football club from Formosa, Argentina. The team currently plays in Torneo Federal A, the regionalised third division of the Argentine football league system.
Seongnam Sports Complex  is a group of sports facilities in Seongnam, South Korea.
WHVN (1240 AM) is an American radio station that broadcasts a Christian radio format. It is licensed to Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. 
Peter Joppich (born 21 December 1982) is a German foil fencer.
Norbert Nigbur (born 8 May 1948 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany) is a former German international football player.
Daniel Alan Byles FRGS (born 24 June 1974) is a British politician, ocean rower, polar adventurer, mountaineer, and sailor. He was the Member of Parliament  for North Warwickshire from 2010 to 2015, but did not seek re-election in the 2015 general election.
Hubbard Street Dance Chicago is America's premier contemporary dance company based in Chicago. Hubbard Street performs in downtown Chicago at the Harris Theater for Music and Dance and at the Edlis Neeson Theater at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago. 
Club Atlético Juventud Unida Universitario is an Argentine football club from San Luis Province. The team currently plays in Torneo Argentino A, the regionalised third division of the Argentine football league system.
"Not to be confused with the hamlet in the town of Lewisboro" Cross River, New York
Elisa Di Francisca (; born 13 December 1982) is an Italian foil fencer, Olympic champion in 2012, World champion in 2010 and three-time European champion. She won the 2010–11 World Cup series and has seven World Cup victories to her name. 
Institute for Protection of Cultural Monuments and the National Museum  is a scientific, research and cultural institution in Ohrid, North Macedonia.
WMCE-FM (88.5 FM) is a non-commercial Classic Hits radio station in Erie, Pennsylvania, owned and operated by Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine. WMCE-FM was simulcast on sister station WMCE 1530 AM until its sale on September 1, 2017.
Alex Raphael Meschini (born 25 March 1982 in Cornélio Procópio) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Cloverdale Municipal Airport is a public airport located three miles (4.8 km) southeast of Cloverdale, serving Sonoma County, California, USA. The airport is mostly used for general aviation. 
WGKX (105.9 FM, "Kix 106") is a country music formatted radio station in Memphis, Tennessee. It is owned by Cumulus Media. The station's studios are located at the Memphis Radio Group building in East Memphis, and the transmitter site is in Cordova, Tennessee.
Union Sportive Stade Tamponnaise is a football club from Le Tampon, Réunion Island, founded in 1982 as the result of the merger between S/S Tamponnaise (founded in 1922) and Stade Tamponnais (founded in 1971).
Claudia Bokel (born 30 August 1973, in Ter Apel, the Netherlands) is a German épée fencer.
Araluen is a small town near Braidwood in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia, in Queanbeyan-Palerang Regional Council. It lies in the valley of Araluen Creek, that joins the Deua River at roughly the midpoint in its course. At the , Araluen had a population of 168 people.
Saint-Rogatien is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Jeff Cheeger (born December 1, 1943, Brooklyn, New York City), is a mathematician. Cheeger is professor at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University in New York City. His main interests are differential geometry and its connections with topology and analysis.
Dittersdorf is a municipality in the district Saale-Orla-Kreis, in Thuringia, Germany.
Jean-Claude Dreyfus (born 18 February 1946 in Paris) is a French actor, comedian and author.
Andreas Wenzel (born 18 March 1958) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Liechtenstein, active from 1976 to 1988. Born in Planken, he was the overall World Cup champion in 1980, the same season in which his older sister Hanni won the women's overall title. 
The Cotton Museum, located in Memphis, Tennessee, U.S., is an historical and cultural museum that opened in March 2006 on the former trading floor of the Memphis Cotton Exchange at 65 Union Avenue in downtown Memphis.
Nils Hjalmar Odhner (6 December 1884 – 12 June 1973) was a Swedish zoologist who studied mollusks, a malacologist. He was professor of invertebrate zoology at the Swedish Museum of Natural History, Stockholm, and a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Dedovsk  is a town in Istrinsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located west of Moscow and southeast of Istra, the administrative center of the district. Population: It was previously known as "Dedovo/Dedovsky" (until 1940).
Horst Eckel (born 8 February 1932) is a former German footballer who was part of the West German team that won the 1954 FIFA World Cup. Since the death of Hans Schäfer in 2017, Eckel is the only player still alive from the team.
Gargas is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. The writer Raymond Jean (1925–2012) died in Gargas.
Robion is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. The new part of the village runs along the D2 road, and the old part of the village is clustered at the foot of the Luberon mountain.
Bernhard Russi (born 20 August 1948) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Switzerland. Born in Andermatt in the canton of Uri, he is an Olympic, World Cup, and World champion in the downhill event.
The River Swincombe is a tributary of the West Dart River that flows through
Dorothea Maria of Anhalt (Dessau, 2 July 1574 – Weimar, 18 July 1617), was by birth a member of the House of Ascania and princess of Anhalt. After her marriage, she became Duchess of Saxe-Weimar.
Karl  Mai (27 July 1928 – 15 March 1993) was a German footballer. He was born in Fürth.
Charles Antenen (3 November 1929 in La Chaux-de-Fonds – 20 May 2000) was a Swiss football player, who was nicknamed "Kiki".
Zoufftgen  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Justina of Padua  is a Christian saint and a patroness of Padua. Her feast day is October 7. She is often confused with Justina of Antioch.
Henri Fernand Dentz (16 December 1881 – 13 December 1945) was a general in the French Army  and, after France surrendered during the Second World War, he served with the Vichy French Army.
The Dot Cycle and Motor Manufacturing Company was established by Harry Reed in Salford, Lancashire, a city near Manchester, England, in 1903. By 1906 they had built their first motorcycle, using a Peugeot engine.
The club was founded as Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation  Kumamoto Soccer Club in 1969. The club was promoted to the Kyushu Regional League in 1983.
Karl Theodor Helfferich (22 July 1872 – 23 April 1924) was a German politician, economist, and financier from Neustadt an der Weinstraße in the Palatinate.
Philip Benizi  (August 15, 1233 – August 22, 1285) was a general superior of the Order of the Servites, and credited with reviving the order. Pope Leo X had beatified him in 1516; and Pope Clement X canonized him as a saint in 1671.
Klubi Futbollit Erzeni Shijak is an Albanian football club based in Shijak. They currently compete in the Albanian First Division, which is the second tier of Albanian football, and they play their home games at the Tefik Jashari Stadium.
Puerto Armuelles is a city and corregimiento on Panama's Pacific coast in western Chiriquí Province next to Costa Rica. It is the seat of Barú District. 
KDFT, branded as "La Poderosa", is an AM radio station broadcasting in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex as a Spanish language religious station. This station is licensed in Ferris, Texas, and is owned and operated by Multicultural Broadcasting.
Saint Frumentius ( "Fremnāṭos"; born in Tyre, Eastern Roman Empire, in the early fourth century, died circa 383, Kingdom of Aksum) was the first bishop of Axum, and is credited with bringing Christianity to the Kingdom of Aksum. He is sometimes known by other names, such as Abuna  and Aba Salama.
Duke was a Japanese politician, statesman and twice Prime Minister of Japan. His title does not signify the son of an emperor, but the highest rank of Japanese hereditary nobility; he was elevated from marquis to duke in 1920. 
The National Council  is the lower house of the Federal Assembly of Switzerland, the upper house being the Council of States. With 200 seats, the National Council is the larger of the two houses.
Bradley J. Wilk (born September 5, 1968) is an American musician, actor, and activist. He is best known as the drummer of the rock bands Rage Against the Machine (1991–2000; 2007–2011), Audioslave (2001–2007; 2017), and Prophets of Rage (2016–present).
Thomas Townshend, 1st Viscount Sydney, PC (24 February 1733 – 30 June 1800) was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1754 to 1783 when he was raised to the peerage as Baron Sydney. He held several important Cabinet posts in the second half of the 18th century. The cities of Sydney in Nova Scotia, Canada, and Sydney in New South Wales, Australia were named in his honour, in 1785 and 1788, respectively.
The Texas Hill Country is a geographic region located in the Edwards Plateau at the crossroads of West Texas, Central Texas, and South Texas. Given its location, climate, terrain, and vegetation, the Hill Country can be considered the border between the American Southwest and Southeast. 
Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg (Victoria Eugenie Julia Ena; 24 October 1887 – 15 April 1969) was Queen of Spain as the wife of King Alfonso XIII.
The same two kanji used to write the word "Ezo" can also be read as Emishi "shrimp barbarians", the name given to the people who the Japanese encountered in these lands. Their descendants are suspected to be the Ainu people.
Sir Neville Marriner, (15 April 1924 – 2 October 2016) was an English violinist who became "one of the world's greatest conductors". He founded the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, and his partnership with them is the most recorded of any orchestra and conductor.
William Shankly (2 September 1913 – 29 September 1981) was a Scottish football player and manager, who is best known for his time as manager of Liverpool. Shankly brought success to Liverpool, gaining promotion to the First Division and winning three League Championships and the UEFA Cup. 
News Corp UK & Ireland Limited , is a British newspaper publisher, and a wholly owned subsidiary of the American mass media conglomerate News Corp. It is the current publisher of "The Times", "The Sunday Times" and "The Sun" newspapers and its former publications include the "Today", "News of the World" and "The London Paper" newspapers. Until June 2002, it was called News International plc. 
EgyptAir  is the flag carrier airline of Egypt. The airline is headquartered at Cairo International Airport, its main hub, operating scheduled passenger and freight services to more than 75 destinations in the Middle East, Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Americas. Egyptair is a member of Star Alliance and the Arab Air Carriers Organization.
Jack Mathieu Émile Lang (; born 2 September 1939) is a French politician. A member of the Socialist Party, he served as Minister of Culture from 1981 to 1986 and again from 1988 to 1993, as well as Minister of National Education from 1992 to 1993 and 2000 to 2002.
Kurt Ferdinand Friedrich Hermann von Schleicher (; 7 April 1882 – 30 June 1934) was a German general and the last Chancellor of Germany during the Weimar Republic. A rival for power with Adolf Hitler, Schleicher was murdered by Hitler's SS during the Night of the Long Knives in 1934.
Sandy is a small market town and civil parish in Central Bedfordshire, England. It lies to the east of Bedford, to the south west of Cambridge and north of Central London. 
Marguerite Radclyffe Hall (12 August 1880 – 7 October 1943) was an English poet and author. She is best known for the novel "The Well of Loneliness", a groundbreaking work in lesbian literature.
Rocketdyne was an American rocket engine design and production company headquartered in Canoga Park, in the western San Fernando Valley of suburban Los Angeles, in southern California.
Bozhou  is a prefecture-level city in northwestern Anhui province, China. It borders Huaibei to the northeast, Bengbu to the southeast, Huainan to the south, Fuyang to the southwest, and Henan to the north. 
AirTran Airways  was an American low-cost airline that was originally headquartered in Orlando, Florida and ceased operation following its acquisition by Southwest Airlines.
Office Workstations Limited  was a British software company based in Edinburgh.
The Don River is a watercourse in southern Ontario, that empties into Lake Ontario, at Toronto Harbour. Its mouth was just east of the street grid of the town of York, Upper Canada, the municipality that evolved into Toronto, Ontario. Of the various watercourses that drained Toronto, the Don, the Humber River, and the Rouge River have headwaters in the Oak Ridges Moraine.
', officially the '  or simply known as City, is a  in Basilan, . According to the , it has a population of people.
William George Hayden (born 23 January 1933) is a former Australian politician who served as the 21st Governor-General of Australia, in office from 1989 to 1996. He had earlier been leader of the Labor Party from 1977 to 1983, as well as serving as a cabinet minister in the Whitlam and Hawke Governments.
The Papaloapan River  is one of the main rivers of the Mexican state of Veracruz. Its name comes from the Nahuatl "papaloapan" meaning "river of the butterflies".
Tobias Michael Carel Asser (; 28 April 1838 – 29 July 1913) was a Dutch lawyer and legal scholar of Jewish background.
Beitar Illit  is an Israeli settlement organized as a city in Gush Etzion, south of Jerusalem, in the Judaean Mountains of the West Bank. Beitar Illit is one of Israel's largest and most rapidly growing settlements, and in had a population of .
Nesher  is a city in the Haifa District of Israel. In it had a population of .
Kiryat Shmona  is a city located in the Northern District of Israel on the western slopes of the Hula Valley near the Lebanese border. The city was named after the eight people, including Joseph Trumpeldor, who died in 1920 defending Tel Hai.
The Cinematic Orchestra is a British nu jazz and electronic music group, created in 1999 by Jason Swinscoe. The group is signed to independent record label Ninja Tune.
The National Republican Movement  is a French nationalist political party, created by Bruno Mégret with former Club de l'Horloge members Yvan Blot  and Jean-Yves Le Gallou, as a split from Jean-Marie Le Pen's National Front on 24 January 1999.
F.L.Y. were a Latvian band in the beginning created with purpose to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest.
The River Wye is a limestone river in the Peak District of Derbyshire, England. It is in length, and is one of the major tributaries of the River Derwent, which flows into the River Trent, and ultimately into the Humber and the North Sea.
Domodossola  is a city and "comune" in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, in the region of Piedmont, northern Italy. It was also known as Oscela, Oscella, Oscella dei Leponzi, Ossolo, Ossola Lepontiorum, and Domo d'Ossola .
Hartlepool  is a town in County Durham, England. The town lies on the North Sea coast, north of Middlesbrough and south of Sunderland. The town is governed as part of the Borough of Hartlepool, a unitary authority which also controls outlying villages such as Seaton Carew, Greatham and Elwick.
August Schleicher (; ; 19 February 1821 – 6 December 1868) was a German linguist. His great work was "A Compendium of the Comparative Grammar of the Indo-European Languages", in which he attempted to reconstruct the Proto-Indo-European language. 
Korea Railroad Corporation , promoted as KORAIL , is the national railway operator in South Korea. Currently, KORAIL is a public corporation, managed by Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transportation.
The South Saskatchewan River is a major river in Canada that flows through the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan.
The Sequence was an American female hip–hop trio from Columbia, South Carolina, who formed in 1979. The Sequence is noted as the first female hip hop trio signed to the Sugar Hill label in the late–1970s and early–1980s. 
Morris Island is an 840-acre (3.4 km²) uninhabited island in Charleston Harbor in South Carolina, accessible only by boat. The island lies in the outer reaches of the harbor and was thus a strategic location in the American Civil War. The island forms parts of the cities of Charleston and Folly Beach, in Charleston County.
William "Billy" Sheehan (born March 19, 1953), is an American bassist known for his work with Talas, Steve Vai, David Lee Roth, Mr. Big, Niacin, and The Winery Dogs. Sheehan has won the "Best Rock Bass Player" readers' poll from "Guitar Player" magazine five times for his "lead bass" playing style. 
General Michel Micombero (August 26, 1940 – July 16, 1983) was a Burundian politician and soldier who ruled the country as its first president and "de facto" dictator for the decade between 1966 and 1976. He was a member of the Tutsi ethnic group.
Christian René Marie Joseph, Viscount de Duve (2 October 1917 – 4 May 2013) was a Nobel Prize-winning Belgian cytologist and biochemist. He made serendipitous discoveries of two cell organelles, peroxisome and lysosome, for which he shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974 with Albert Claude and George E. Palade . 
Taddeo Gaddi (c. 1290, Florence – 1366, Florence) was a medieval Italian painter and architect.
Frank Raleigh Lautenberg (; January 23, 1924 June 3, 2013) was an American politician who served as United States Senator of New Jersey as a member of the Democratic Party. He was originally from Paterson, New Jersey.
Jean-Baptiste Antoine Marcellin Marbot (August 18, 1782 – November 16, 1854), was a French General, famous for his "Memoires" depicting the Napoleonic age of warfare. He belongs to a family that has distinguished itself particularly in the career of arms, giving three Generals to France in less than 50 years. His elder brother, Antoine Adolphe Marcelin Marbot, was also a military man of some note.
Eliza Johnson ("née" McCardle; October 4, 1810 – January 15, 1876) was the First Lady of the United States, the Second Lady of the United States, and the wife of Andrew Johnson, the 17th President of the United States.
Getty Images, Inc. is a visual media company, with headquarters in Seattle, Washington, United States. It is a supplier of stock images, editorial photography, video and music for business and consumers with an archive of over 200 million assets. 
Anja Andersen (born 15 February 1969 in Odense, Denmark) is a former handball player and currently a coach. She is widely regarded as perhaps the best Danish female handball player ever.
Selby is a town and civil parish in North Yorkshire, England, south of York on the River Ouse, with a population at the 2011 census of 14,731.
George Henry Hubert Lascelles, 7th Earl of Harewood, (7 February 1923 – 11 July 2011), styled The Hon. George Lascelles before 1929 and Viscount Lascelles between 1929 and 1947, was a British music director and author. He served as director of the Royal Opera House (1951–53; 1969–72), chairman of the board of the English National Opera  (1986–95); managing director of the ENO (1972–85), managing director of the English National Opera North (1978–81), governor of the BBC (1985–87), and president of the British Board of Film Classification (1985–96).
Du Mu (; 803–852) was a leading Chinese poet of the late Tang dynasty. His courtesy name was Muzhi , and sobriquet Fanchuan . 
The United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium  was a UN peacekeeping mission in Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Syrmia in the eastern parts of Croatia between 1996 and 1998, established by the United Nations Security Council Resolution 1037 of January 15, 1996. It is also sometimes known as the United Nations Transitional Authority in Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium.
Maria Elaine Cantwell (born October 13, 1958) is an American politician serving as the junior United States Senator from Washington, first elected in 2000. A Democrat, she previously served in the Washington House of Representatives from 1987 to 1993 and the United States House of Representatives from from 1993 to 1995, after which she worked as an executive for RealNetworks. She is Washington's second female senator, after Patty Murray.
Westcombe Park is a largely residential area in Blackheath in the Royal Borough of Greenwich, south-east London, England. It is bounded by the main London-Dartford railway line to the north, the Blackwall Tunnel southern approach to the east, the Blackheath common to the south and a road, Vanbrugh Hill, to the west .
Johann Georg Ritter von Zimmermann / Johann Georg Zimmermann (8 December 1728, in Brugg, Aargau7 October 1795, in Hanover) was a Swiss philosophical writer, naturalist, and physician.
Christopher John Dodd (born May 27, 1944) is an American lobbyist, lawyer, and Democratic Party politician who served as a United States Senator from Connecticut for a thirty-year period from 1981 to 2011.
The Little Red River is a river in White, Van Buren, Searcy, Stone and Cleburne counties of north-central Arkansas.
Pierre Athanase Larousse (October 23, 1817January 3, 1875) was a French grammarian, lexicographer and encyclopaedist. He published many of the outstanding educational and reference works of 19th-century France, including the 15 volume "Grand dictionnaire universel du XIXe siècle".
Boris I, also known as Boris-Mikhail  and "Bogoris" (; died 2 May 907), was the ruler of the First Bulgarian Empire in 852–889. At the time of his baptism in 864, Boris was named Michael after his godfather, Emperor Michael III. 
Elis Regina Carvalho Costa (March 17, 1945 – January 19, 1982), known professionally as Elis Regina , was a Brazilian singer of popular and jazz music.
Donald Tsang Yam-kuen, GBM (; born 7 October 1944) is a former Hong Kong civil servant and was the second Chief Executive of Hong Kong from 2005 to 2012.
Friedrich Robert Volkmann, , (6 April 1815, Lommatzsch bei Meißen 30 October 1883, Budapest) was a German composer.
The terms Baltic region, Baltic Rim countries , and the Baltic Sea countries refer to slightly different combinations of countries in the general area surrounding the Baltic Sea in Northern Europe.
The Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party , also referred to as the Freedom Democratic Party, was an American political party created in 1964 as a branch of the populist Freedom Democratic organization in the state of Mississippi during the Civil Rights Movement. It was organized by African Americans and whites from Mississippi to challenge the established power of the Mississippi Democratic Party, which at the time allowed participation only by whites, when African-Americans made up 40% of the state population.
Emperor Zhao of Han (94 BC – 5 June 74 BC), born Liu Fuling, was the emperor of the Western Han dynasty from 87 to 74 BC.
Johann Karl August Radon (16 December 1887 – 25 May 1956) was an Austrian mathematician. His doctoral dissertation was on the calculus of variations (in 1910, at the University of Vienna).
Arturo Frondizi Ercoli (October 28, 1908 – April 18, 1995) was an Argentine politician and lawyer who was President of Argentina from 1 May 1958 until 29 March 1962, for the Intransigent Radical Civic Union, which he led until 1986.
Boutros Ghali (12 May 1846 – 21 February 1910; , ; styled Boutros Ghali Bey later Boutros Ghali Pasha) was the prime minister of Egypt from 1908 to 1910.
The Chartered Management Institute  is an accredited professional institution for management based in the United Kingdom.
Didcot  is a railway town and civil parish in the ceremonial county of Oxfordshire and the historic county of Berkshire. Didcot is south of Oxford, east of Wantage and north west of Reading. The town is noted for its railway heritage and having been a station on Brunel's Great Western Main Line from London Paddington, opening in 1844.
Lungfish is a post-hardcore band formed in 1987 in Baltimore, Maryland. All of their music has been released by the Washington, D.C. punk label Dischord except for their first LP.
Emory Leon Chaffee (April 15, 1885 – March 8, 1975) was an American physicist and a former professor at Harvard University from 1911 to 1953.
Chelsea Harbour is a contemporary mixed-use development in West London, situated in its Sands End area, along Chelsea Creek, the historic southeastern boundary of the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham with the southwestern boundary of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, and opposite the site of the old Lots Road Power Station in Chelsea. The development consists of luxury apartments, the Chelsea Harbour Marina and the Chelsea Harbour Design Centre and a hotel, 'the Chelsea Harbour Hotel'.
Derek William Temple (born 13 November 1938) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a forward for Everton and Preston North End in the Football League. He was capped once for England.
The Italian Regency of Carnaro  was a self-proclaimed state in the city of Fiume  led by Gabriele d'Annunzio between 1919 and 1920. It is also known by its lyrical name in ).
Mario Szegedy (born October 23, 1960) is a Hungarian-American computer scientist, professor of computer science at Rutgers University. He received his Ph.D. in computer science in 1989 from the University of Chicago. 
The Scottish Adjacent Waters Boundaries Order 1999 is a statutory instrument of the United Kingdom government, defining "the boundaries between waters which are to be treated as internal waters or territorial sea of the United Kingdom adjacent to Scotland and those which are not." It was introduced in accordance with the Scotland Act 1998, which established the devolved Scottish Parliament.
Wacker 04 Berlin was a German football club based in Berlin. The club folded in 1994 after becoming insolvent.
Lakeside is a funk band, best known for their 1980 number one R&B hit, "Fantastic Voyage".
Robert Filliou (17 January 1926 – 2 December 1987) was a French artist associated with Fluxus, who produced works as a filmmaker, "action poet," sculptor, and happenings maestro.
Marado or Mara Island is an island off the south coast of Jeju, in southernmost South Korea, having an area of . It is home to about 90 people, and has long been known for its population being composed of strong women and docile men. 
Chelsea Market is a food hall, shopping mall, office building and television production facility located in the Chelsea neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan, in New York City. The Chelsea Market complex occupies an entire city block with a connecting bridge over Tenth Avenue to the adjacent 85 Tenth Avenue building. 
Prince Emanuele Filiberto of Savoy, Prince of Venice (Emanuele Filiberto Umberto Reza Ciro René Maria di Savoia; born 22 June 1972), usually called Emanuele Filiberto di Savoia, is a member of the House of Savoy. He is the son and heir of Vittorio Emanuele di Savoia and only male-line grandson of Umberto II, the last King of Italy. 
Muse Air, later renamed TranStar Airlines, was a domestic U.S. airline operating from 1981 to 1987, headquartered near Dallas Love Field in Dallas, Texas, in Suite 700 of the Executive Tower in Dallas, later moving to William P. Hobby Airport in Houston, Texas. After several years of operation, Muse Air was acquired by Southwest Airlines, renamed TranStar Airlines and then eventually shut down.
Cullompton Rangers Football Club is a football club based in Cullompton, Devon, England. They are currently members of the and play at Speeds Meadow.
RTL 5 is the second channel of the RTL Group in the Netherlands that began transmission on 2 October 1993. The channel mainly broadcasts American films and hit series but also reality shows, comedy, travel, international shows and local productions including "Expeditie Robinson", "Holland's Next Top Model" & "Benelux' Next Top Model", Dutch versions of "America's Next Top Model", "Dutch version of "Project Catwalk"", "So You Think You Can Dance" and a Dutch version of ITV's "Take Me Out".
Twist is a municipality in the Emsland district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated directly on the Dutch border.
Thomas Rupprath (born 16 March 1977 in Neuss) is an Olympic swimmer from Germany, who is nicknamed "The New Albatross".
Peacocks is a fast-fashion retail chain based in Cardiff, Wales. The chain is a part of the group Edinburgh Woollen Mill, and employs over 6,000 people. 
Gunbalanya  is an Aboriginal community in west Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory of Australia. The main language spoken in the community is Kunwinjku. At the 2011 census, Gunbalanya had a population of 1,174.
Maphevu Harry Dlamini (31 March 1922 – 25 October 1979) was Prime Minister of Swaziland from 17 March 1976 until his death on 25 October 1979.
Jamie Selkirk is a film editor and producer who has worked primarily in New Zealand. He is particularly noted for his work on "The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy, which he co-produced with Peter Jackson. He received the Academy Award for Best Film Editing for the last film of the trilogy, "" (2003).
Mark Clattenburg (born 13 March 1975) is an English professional football referee.
Talulah Jane Riley-Milburn (born 26 September 1985), known professionally as Talulah Riley, is an English actress. She has appeared in films such as "Pride & Prejudice", "St Trinian's", "The Boat That Rocked", "", and "Inception". 
WGY-FM is a news-talk radio station licensed to Albany, New York that broadcasts at 103.1 FM; the station broadcasts 24 hours a day at 5,600 watts ERP from a non-directional antenna in North Greenbush, New York located near U.S. Route 4. The station, owned by iHeartMedia, serves the New York's Capital District and surrounding areas, including the upper Hudson Valley.
Wymlet is a small town in North Western Victoria, in Australia. It is an approximately 410 km North West from Melbourne. It is in the local government area of the Rural City of Mildura.
The Alazeya River  is a river in the northeastern part of Yakutia, Russia which flows into the Arctic between the basins of the larger Indigirka River to the west and the Kolyma River to the east.
Club Monaco is a Canadian-founded high-end casual clothing retailer owned by Ralph Lauren Corporation. With more than 140 locations worldwide, the retailer has locations in United States, Canada, Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan, South Korea, China, the United Arab Emirates, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, Sweden, Turkey, and United Kingdom.
The Great Palace Mosaic Museum , is located close to Sultanahmet Square in Istanbul, Turkey, at Arasta Bazaar. The museum houses mosaics from the Byzantine period, unearthed at the site of the Great Palace of Constantinople.
Marian Adam Rejewski (; 16 August 1905 – 13 February 1980) was a Polish mathematician and cryptologist who reconstructed the Nazi German military Enigma cipher machine sight-unseen in 1932. The cryptologic achievements of Rejewski and colleagues Jerzy Różycki and Henryk Zygalski enabled the British to begin reading German Enigma-encrypted messages at the start of World War II, seven years after Rejewski's original reconstruction of the machine. 
The Woronora River is a perennial river of the Sydney Basin, located in the Sutherland Shire local government area of Greater Metropolitan Sydney, approximately south of the Sydney central business district, in New South Wales, Australia.
Nowe Warpno  is a town in northwestern Poland, in Police County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship. It lies on the shore of the Szczecin Lagoon, very close to the border with Germany. It is the seat of the urban-rural "gmina"  called Gmina Nowe Warpno.
Monica Maria Theresia "Monique" van de Ven (; born 28 July 1952) is a Dutch actress and director.
Dmitri Georgievich Kitayenko  (born 18 August 1940) is a Soviet and Russian conductor. People's Artist of the USSR (1984).
Volsk  is a town in Saratov Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Volga River, opposite the mouth of the Bolshoy Irgiz , northeast from Saratov, the administrative center of the oblast. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 66,508.
The Ranikhola is a river in Sikkim, that flows near the state capital Gangtok. It is a tributary of the Teesta River. 
Herxheim is a municipality in the Südliche Weinstraße district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is situated approximately 10 km south-east of Landau. Herxheim is the seat of the "Verbandsgemeinde"  Herxheim.
Barrow Town Football Club is a football club based in Barrow upon Soar, Leicestershire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Riverside Park.
Joseph Leutgeb  (October 6, 1732, Neulerchenfeld – February 27, 1811, Vienna) was an outstanding horn player of the classical era, a friend and musical inspiration for Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.
King Taejong Muyeol(604- 661), born Kim Chun-Chu, was the 29th ruler of Silla, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. He is credited for leading the unification of Korea's Three Kingdom.
Beth Nielsen Chapman (born September 14, 1958 in Harlingen, Texas) is an American singer and songwriter who has written hits for country and pop music performers.
Kwun Tong Road  is a major thoroughfare in Kwun Tong District, New Kowloon, Hong Kong.
FK Vlasina  is a football club based in Vlasotince, Serbia.
Holwell Sports Football Club is a football club based in Asfordby Hill, near Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Welby Road.
Jeannie Berlin (born Jeannie Brette May, November 1, 1949) is an American film, television and stage actress and screenwriter, known for her role in the 1972 film "The Heartbreak Kid", for which she received Academy Award and Golden Globe nominations. She later played the leading role in "Sheila Levine Is Dead and Living in New York" (1975), and in 2000s returned to screen appearing in films such as "Margaret" (2011), "Inherent Vice" (2014) and "Cafe Society" (2016), as well as the miniseries "The Night Of" (2016). In 2018 she played the President of the United States of America in the series "The First".
Aigurande is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Feusines is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Lower Matecumbe Key is an island in the upper Florida Keys, United States, located on U.S. 1 between mile markers 75–78.
Democratic Change  was a center-left political party in El Salvador. It was formed by former members of the Christian Democratic Party , Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front , and United Democratic Center . It is Christian social and social-democratic in orientation, incorporating what the party calls the "democratic left." 
Fort Drum , also known as "the concrete battleship", is a heavily fortified island situated at the mouth of Manila Bay in the Philippines, due south of Corregidor Island. The reinforced concrete sea fort shaped like a battleship was built by the United States in 1909 as one of the harbor defenses at the wider South Channel entrance to the bay during the American colonial period. 
The Yugoslav Left  was a left-wing political party in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. At its peak, the party had 20 seats in Republic of Serbia's National Assembly following the 1997 general election.
Chelles is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Sheaf Square is a municipal square lying immediately east of the city centre of Sheffield, England.
Sylvain Cambreling (born 2 July 1948 in Amiens, France) is a French conductor.
Walter Momper (born 21 February 1945) is a German politician and former Governing Mayor of Berlin (West Berlin 1989–1990, reunited Berlin 1990–1991). Whilst Governing Mayor, he served as President of the Bundesrat in 1989/90. 
Vicq-Exemplet is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Mers-sur-Indre is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Ottweiler is a municipality, former seat of the district of Neunkirchen, in Saarland, Germany. It is situated on the river Blies, approx. 
Friedrichsthal is a town and a municipality in the district of Saarbrücken, of Saarland, Germany. It is situated approximately 13 km northeast of Saarbrücken.
Makedonski Brod  is a town in the central part of North Macedonia, on the south-eastern part of Suva Gora, western Karadžica and south-western Dautica mountains. The town is the seat of Makedonski Brod Municipality.
Moindou is a commune in the South Province of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.
Cochin Shipyard Limited  is the largest shipbuilding and maintenance facility in India. It is part of a line of maritime-related facilities in the port-city of Kochi, in the state of Kerala, India.
Arnett Cleophus Cobb (August 10, 1918 – March 24, 1989) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist, sometimes known as the "Wild Man of the Tenor Sax" because of his uninhibited stomping style. Cobb wrote the words and music for the jazz standard "Smooth Sailing" (1951), which Ella Fitzgerald recorded for Decca on her album "Lullabies of Birdland".
Joseph Dorsett Bedle, Sr. (January 5, 1831October 21, 1894) was an American Democratic Party politician, who served as the 23rd Governor of New Jersey from 1875 to 1878.
Dornum is a village and a municipality in the East Frisian district of Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated near the North Sea coast, approx. 15 km east of Norden, and 20 km north of Aurich.
Peter Lieberson (October 25, 1946 – April 23, 2011) was an American classical composer.
Tamira Shelah Paszek (born 6 December 1990) is an Austrian tennis player.
Saint Tatiana was a Christian martyr in 3rd-century Rome during the reign of Emperor Alexander Severus. She was a deaconess of the early church.
Augustus Quirinus Rivinus (9 December 1652 – 20 December 1723), also known as August Bachmann or A. Q. Bachmann, was a German physician and botanist who helped to develop better ways of classifying plants.
Dalserf is a small village of only a few streets in South Lanarkshire, Scotland. It lies on the River Clyde, east of Larkhall and south east of Hamilton. As of 2006, the village itself has a population of 52,
Erromango is the fourth largest island in the Vanuatu archipelago. With a land area of it is the largest island in Tafea Province, the southernmost of Vanuatu's six administrative regions.
Karin Enke-Richter ( Enke, formerly Busch and Kania, born 20 June 1961) is a former speed skater, one of the most dominant of the 1980s. She is a three-time Olympic gold medallist, winning the 500 metres in 1980, the 1000 metres in 1984 and the 1500 metres in 1984. 
Holzgerlingen is a municipality in the German Federal State of Baden-Württemberg. It is located in district of Böblingen.
Skopje International Airport ,, also known as Skopje Airport  and previously known as Petrovec Airport  and Skopje Alexander the Great Airport , is the larger and busier of the two international airports in North Macedonia, with the other being the St. Paul the Apostle Airport in Ohrid which is located southwest from the national capital Skopje.
Walter "Schoko" Schachner (born 1 February 1957 in Leoben, Austria) is a football manager and former player, who played as a forward for the Austrian national side.
Byambasuren Davaa, really Davaagiin Byambasüren (; born 1971 in Ulaanbaatar), is a Mongolian film maker currently residing in Germany.
Guanabo is a beach town in the Ciudad de la Habana Province of Cuba. It is a ward  located within the municipality of Habana del Este halfway between the centre of Havana and Santa Cruz del Norte, at the mouth of the "Guanabo River", between the Atlantic Ocean coast and the "Sierra del Canchón" .
Guillaume Kigbafori Soro (born 8 May 1972) is an Ivorian politician who was the Prime Minister of Côte d'Ivoire from April 2007 to March 2012. Prior to his service as Prime Minister, Soro led the Patriotic Movement of Côte d'Ivoire, and later the New Forces as its Secretary-General. Since March 2012, Soro has been President of the National Assembly of Côte d'Ivoire.
Carl Heinrich von Siemens  (3 March 1829 in Menzendorf, Mecklenburg – 21 March 1906 in Menton, France) was a German entrepreneur, a child  of a tenant farmer of the Siemens family, an old family of Goslar, documented since 1384. He is a brother of Ernst Werner von Siemens and William Siemens, sons of Christian Ferdinand Siemens (31 July 1787 – 16 January 1840) and wife Eleonore Deichmann (1792 – 8 July 1839). 
Methodist University, known until 2006 as Methodist College, is a private university that is historically related to the North Carolina Annual Conference of the United Methodist Church and located in Fayetteville, North Carolina. It is regionally accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges.
Sonic Syndicate is a metalcore band from Falkenberg, Sweden. They are influenced by Swedish melodic death metal bands such as In Flames and Soilwork and American metalcore bands like Killswitch Engage and All That Remains.
Penn State Shenango is a commonwealth campus of the Pennsylvania State University and it is located in Sharon, Pennsylvania. Penn State Shenango is the only urban campus in the Penn State system, although some parts of Penn State Altoona that are located in the heart of Altoona's downtown are urban in nature.
Winsen an der Aller or Winsen  is a town in the district of Celle in the German state of Lower Saxony.
Jaruco is a municipality and town in the Mayabeque Province of Cuba.
KRXO-FM (107.7 FM) is a sports radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by Ty and Tony Tyler's Tyler Media, L.L.C. Its transmitter and studios are located  in the northeast side of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
John Lee Clayton Jr. (born August 20, 1952) is an American jazz and classical double bassist.
Althen-des-Paluds is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Camaret-sur-Aigues is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Beaumes-de-Venise  is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
San Benedetto del Tronto is a city and "comune" in Marche, Italy. With a population of 47,349, and an extension of 25.41, but population of the urban area of the city has more than 100,000 inhabitants, is one of the most densely populated area of Marche. Its port is renowned as one of the biggest on the Adriatic; it is the most important center of the Riviera delle Palme .
Pleszew  is a town in Poland, in Greater Poland Voivodeship, about 90 km southeast of Poznań. It is the capital of Pleszew County . Population is 17,892 (2004).
Euler Hermes is a credit insurance company that offers a wide range of bonding, guarantees and collections services for the management of business-to-business trade receivables.
The Goobang Creek, a perennial stream of the Lachlan subcatchment, part of the Murrumbidgee catchment of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.
Michael Andrew "Peanuts" Hucko (April 7, 1918 - June 19, 2003) was an American big band musician. His primary instrument was the clarinet but he sometimes played various saxophones.
La Croix-en-Touraine is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Apple Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells consumer electronics, computer software, and online services. It is considered one of the Big Four of technology along with Amazon, Google, and Facebook.
Aristophanes (; , ; c. 446 – c. 386 BC), son of Philippus, of the deme Kydathenaion , was a comic playwright of ancient Athens. Eleven of his forty plays survive virtually complete. 
Anadyr  is a river in the far northeast Siberia which flows into Anadyr Bay of the Bering Sea and drains much of the interior of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug. Its basin corresponds to the Anadyrsky District of Chukotka.
Cardinal Albert of Brandenburg (; 28 June 149024 September 1545) was Elector and Archbishop of Mainz from 1514 to 1545, and Archbishop of Magdeburg from 1513 to 1545.
Alexander II was a king of Epirus, and the son of Pyrrhus and Lanassa, the daughter of the Sicilian tyrant Agathocles.
Alfred the Great (, , 'Elf-counsel' or 'Wise-elf'; between 847 and 849 – 26 October 899) was King of Wessex from 871 to c. 886 and King of the Anglo-Saxons from c. 886 to 899. He was the youngest son of King Æthelwulf of Wessex. His father died when he was young and three of Alfred's brothers, Æthelbald, Æthelberht, and Æthelred, reigned in turn. 
Ambiorix  was, together with Cativolcus, prince of the Eburones, leader of a Belgic tribe of north-eastern Gaul , where modern Belgium is located. In the nineteenth century Ambiorix became a Belgian national hero because of his resistance against Julius Caesar, as written in Caesar's "Commentarii de Bello Gallico".
Ammianus Marcellinus (born , died 400) was a Roman soldier and historian who wrote the penultimate major historical account surviving from antiquity . His work, known as the Res Gestae, chronicled in Latin the history of Rome from the accession of the Emperor Nerva in 96 to the death of Valens at the Battle of Adrianople in 378, although only the sections covering the period 353–378 survive.
Andrea Alciato (8 May 149212 January 1550), commonly known as Alciati , was an Italian jurist and writer. He is regarded as the founder of the French school of legal humanists.
Johann Adam Weishaupt (, pronounced vice-how-pt, 6 February 1748 – 18 November 1830) was a German philosopher, professor, and founder of the Order of the Illuminati, a secret society.
Anton  Diabelli (6 September 17817 April 1858) was an Austrian music publisher, editor and composer. Best known in his time as a publisher, he is most familiar today as the composer of the waltz on which Ludwig van Beethoven wrote his set of thirty-three "Diabelli Variations".
Abakan  is the capital city of the Republic of Khakassia, Russia, located in the central part of Minusinsk Depression, at the confluence of the Yenisei and Abakan Rivers. As of the 2010 Census, it had a population of 165,214—a slight increase over 165,197 recorded during the 2002 Census and a further increase from 154,092 recorded during the 1989 Census.
The Aegadian Islands  are a group of five small mountainous islands in the Mediterranean Sea off the northwest coast of Sicily, Italy, near the cities of Trapani and Marsala, with a total area of .
Abercarn is a small town and community in Caerphilly county borough, Wales. It is 10 miles (16 km) northwest of Newport on the A467 between Cwmcarn and Newbridge, within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire.
Alexandar Zivojinovich, (born 27 August 1953), better known by his stage name Alex Lifeson, is a Canadian musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer, best known as the guitarist of the progressive rock band Rush. In 1968, Lifeson co-founded the band that would become Rush, with drummer John Rutsey and bassist and singer Jeff Jones. Jones was replaced by Geddy Lee a month later, and Rutsey was replaced by Neil Peart in 1974. 
Alexandria  is a town in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland. The town is situated on the River Leven, north-west of Dumbarton.
Baker Island is an uninhabited atoll located just north of the equator in the central Pacific Ocean about southwest of Honolulu. The island lies almost halfway between Hawaii and Australia. 
Bornholm  is a Danish island in the Baltic Sea, to the east of the rest of Denmark, south of Sweden, northeast of Germany and north of the westernmost part of Poland. Occupying an area of , the island had a total population on 1 January 2019 of 39,572.
Bartolomeo Ammannati (18 June 151113 April 1592) was an Italian architect and sculptor, born at Settignano, near Florence. He studied under Baccio Bandinelli and Jacopo Sansovino  and closely imitated the style of Michelangelo.
British Railways , which from 1965 traded as British Rail, was the state-owned company that operated most of the overground rail transport in Great Britain between 1948 and 1997. It was formed from the nationalisation of the "Big Four" British railway companies and lasted until the gradual privatisation of British Rail, in stages between 1994 and 1997. 
Brian Wilson Aldiss, OBE (; 18 August 1925 – 19 August 2017) was an English writer and anthology-editor, best known for science fiction novels and short stories. His byline reads either Brian W. Aldiss or simply Brian Aldiss, except for occasional pseudonyms during the mid-1960s.
The International Bureau of Weights and Measures ) is an intergovernmental organization that was established by the Metre Convention, through which member states act together on matters related to measurement science and measurement standards. The organisation is usually referred to by its French initialism, BIPM. The BIPM's secretariat and formal meetings are housed in the organizations headquarters in Sèvres, France. 
Zynoviy Bohdan Khmelnytsky (Ruthenian language: Ѕѣнові Богдан Хмелнiцкiи; modern ; ; 6 August 1657) was a Ukrainian Hetman of the Zaporozhian Host of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth . He led an uprising against the Commonwealth and its magnates (1648–1654) that resulted in the creation of a state led by the Cossacks of Ukraine. 
The Cape Verdean Armed Forces , Cabo Verdean Armed Forces or FACV are the military of Cape Verde. They include two branches, the National Guard and the Coast Guard.
The Cornish Nationalist Party  is a political party, founded by Dr James Whetter, who campaigned for independence for Cornwall. It was formed by people who left Cornwall's main nationalist party Mebyon Kernow on 28 May 1975, but it is no longer for independence.
Carl Philipp Gottfried  von Clausewitz (; 1 June 1780 – 16 November 1831) was a Prussian general and military theorist who stressed the "moral"  and political aspects of war. His most notable work, "Vom Kriege" , was unfinished at his death.
Charles Walter Stansby Williams (20 September 1886 – 15 May 1945) was a British poet, novelist, playwright, theologian, literary critic, and member of the Inklings.
Crowded House are a rock band, formed in Melbourne, Australia, in 1985. Its founding members were New Zealander Neil Finn  and Australians Paul Hester  and Nick Seymour . Later band members included Neil Finn's brother, Tim Finn, and Americans Mark Hart and Matt Sherrod.
Casimir III the Great (; 30 April 1310 – 5 November 1370) reigned as the King of Poland from 1333 to 1370. He was the third son of King Władysław I  and Duchess Jadwiga of Kalisz, and the last Polish king from the Piast dynasty.
Claude Piron (26 February 1931 – 22 January 2008), also known by the pseudonym Johán Valano, was a Swiss psychologist, Esperantist, translator, and writer. He worked as a translator for the United Nations from 1956 to 1961 and then for the World Health Organization.
Dead Kennedys are an American punk rock band that formed in San Francisco, California, in 1978. The band was one of the defining hardcore punk bands during its initial eight-year run.
David Janssen (born David Harold Meyer, March 27, 1931 – February 13, 1980) was an American film and television actor who is best known for his starring role as Richard Kimble in the television series "The Fugitive" (1963–1967). Janssen also had the title roles in three other series: "Richard Diamond, Private Detective"; "Harry O"; and "O'Hara, U.S. Treasury".
Dava Sobel (born June 15, 1947) is an American writer of popular expositions of scientific topics. Her books include "Longitude", about English clockmaker John Harrison, and "Galileo's Daughter", about Galileo's daughter Maria Celeste, and "The Glass Universe: How the Ladies of the Harvard Observatory Took the Measure of the Stars".
Donald Campbell Dewar (21 August 1937 – 11 October 2000) was a Scottish politician, the inaugural First Minister of Scotland and an advocate of Scottish devolution.
Ethan Allen ( – February 12, 1789) was a farmer, businessman, land speculator, philosopher, writer, lay theologian, American Revolutionary War patriot, and politician. He is best known as one of the founders of the U.S. state of Vermont, and for the capture of Fort Ticonderoga early in the American Revolutionary War along with Benedict Arnold. He was the brother of Ira Allen and the father of Frances Allen.
Ernest Rutherford, 1st Baron Rutherford of Nelson, , HFRSE, LLD (30 August 1871 – 19 October 1937), was a New Zealand physicist who came to be known as the father of nuclear physics. "Encyclopædia Britannica" considers him to be the greatest experimentalist since Michael Faraday (1791–1867).
Emma Goldman (, 1869May 14, 1940) was an anarchist political activist and writer. She played a pivotal role in the development of anarchist political philosophy in North America and Europe in the first half of the 20th century.
Ezra Abbot (April 28, 1819, Jackson, MaineMarch 21, 1884, Cambridge, Massachusetts) was an American biblical scholar.
Elbridge Gerry (; July 17, 1744 (O.S. July 6, 1744) – November 23, 1814) was an American politician and diplomat. As a Democratic-Republican he served as the fifth vice president of the United States under President James Madison from March 1813 until his death in November 1814. 
Elba  is a Mediterranean island in Tuscany, Italy, from the coastal town of Piombino, and the largest island of the Tuscan Archipelago. It is also part of the Arcipelago Toscano National Park, and the third largest island in Italy, after Sicily and Sardinia. It is located in the Tyrrhenian Sea about east of the French island of Corsica.
Albert ("Frederick Augustus Albert Anton Ferdinand Joseph Karl Maria Baptist Nepomuk Wilhelm Xaver Georg Fidelis"; 23 April 1828 – 19 June 1902) was the King of Saxony and a member of the House of Wettin.
Fulham Football Club is a professional association football club based in Fulham, London, England. They currently compete in the EFL Championship, the second tier of English football. Founded in 1879, they are the oldest football club from London to play in the Football League.
Francisco Franco Bahamonde (; ; 4 December 1892 – 20 November 1975) was a Spanish general and politician who ruled over Spain as Head of State and dictator under the title "Caudillo" from 1939, after the nationalist victory in the Spanish Civil War, until his death in 1975. This period in Spanish history is commonly known as Francoist Spain.
Frederick Phillips "Fred" Brooks Jr. (born April 19, 1931) is an American computer architect, software engineer, and computer scientist, best known for managing the development of IBM's System/360 family of computers and the OS/360 software support package, then later writing candidly about the process in his seminal book "The Mythical Man-Month". Brooks has received many awards, including the National Medal of Technology in 1985 and the Turing Award in 1999.
George Washington (February 22, 1732 – , 1799) was an American political leader, military general, statesman, and Founding Father who also served as the first president of the United States from 1789 to 1797. He led Patriot forces to victory in the nation's War for Independence. He presided at the Constitutional Convention of 1787 which established the U.S. Constitution
Troyal Garth Brooks (born February 7, 1962) is an American singer and songwriter. His integration of rock and roll elements into the country genre has earned him immense popularity in the United States. 
Gregorio Allegri  was a Roman Catholic priest and Italian composer of the Roman School and brother of Domenico Allegri; he was also a singer. He was born and died in Rome.
Guernica , official and Basque name Gernika , is a town in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country, Spain. The town of Guernica is united in one municipality with neighbouring Lumo, as Gernika-Lumo. The population of the municipality is 16,224 .
George William (; 13 November 1595 – 1 December 1640), of the Hohenzollern dynasty, was margrave and elector of Brandenburg and duke of Prussia from 1619 until his death. His reign was marked by ineffective governance during the Thirty Years' War. He was the father of Frederick William, the "Great Elector".
Graham Arthur Chapman (8 January 1941 – 4 October 1989) was an English comedian, writer, actor, author, and one of the six members of the British surreal comedy group Monty Python. He played authority figures such as the Colonel and the lead role in two Python films, "Holy Grail" (1975) and "Life of Brian" (1979).
Gavoi is a "comune" in central Sardinia , part of the province of Nuoro, in the natural region of Barbagia. It overlooks the Lake of Gusana.
Heinrich Rudolf Hertz (; ; 22 February 1857 – 1 January 1894) was a German physicist who first conclusively proved the existence of the electromagnetic waves theorized by James Clerk Maxwell's electromagnetic theory of light. The unit of frequency, cycle per second, was named the "Hertz" in his honor.
Ani  is a ruined medieval Armenian city now situated in Turkey's province of Kars, next to the closed border with Armenia.
Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (; born 17 April 1985) is a French professional tennis player. A member of the Tennis Club de Paris , Tsonga's career-high singles ranking is world No. 5, which he achieved in February 2012.
Cunninyeuk is a locality in the Murray River Council, New South Wales, Australia.
David Hendricks Bergey was an American bacteriologist, born December 27, 1860 in Skippack, Pennsylvania, died September 5, 1937 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Providence River is a tidal river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 8 miles (13 km). 
Kalininsk  is a town and the administrative center of Kalininsky District in Saratov Oblast, Russia, located on the Balanda River , west of Saratov, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: .
Dennes Point is both a geographical feature and a small township at the northern tip of Bruny Island in Tasmania, Australia. At the 2006 census, Dennes Point had a population of 218.
Prince Aloys of Liechtenstein (Aloys Gonzaga Maria Adolf; 17 June 1869 in Hollenegg – 16 March 1955 in Vaduz) was the son of Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein (1842–1907) and Princess Henriette of Liechtenstein (1843–1931), daughter of Alois II of Liechtenstein. The maternal nephew and first cousin of Franz I of Liechtenstein, Prince Aloys renounced his rights to the succession on 26 February 1923, in favor of his son Franz Joseph II.
Woodstock is a small rural community and suburb south of Townsville, Queensland, Australia. 
Joshua Smith (born December 5, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association . Entering the NBA straight out of high school, Smith played nine seasons with the Atlanta Hawks before playing for the Detroit Pistons, Houston Rockets and Los Angeles Clippers between 2013 and 2016. He is sometimes referred to by his nickname "J-Smoove".
Hamilton Prioleau Bee (July 22, 1822 – October 3, 1897) was an American politician in early Texas; he was secretary of the Texas Senate in 1846. He served nearly 10 years as representative to the state house beginning in 1849, and for one term as Speaker of the Texas House of Representatives.
WEDI "Real Roots Radio"  is a daytime-only commercial AM radio broadcasting station at 1130 kHz, licensed to Eaton, Ohio.
KNML ("610 AM, The Sports Animal") is a sports talk formatted radio station owned by Cumulus Media and licensed to Albuquerque, New Mexico. Its studios are located in Downtown Albuquerque and it utilizes daytime and nighttime transmitters that are located within yards of each other in the southwest quadrant of the city, between the Rio Grande and the Albuquerque International Sunport.
KHJK (103.7 FM, "Air 1") is a Worship Music-formatted radio station serving the Houston and Beaumont, Texas, areas. It relays the nationally syndicated Air 1 format by owner Educational Media Foundation.
Alex Kuznetsov (born February 5, 1987) is a retired American professional tennis player. He is currently the hitting partner of Maria Sharapova.
The Communist Party of Greece, Interior , usually abbreviated as KKE Interior , was a Eurocommunist party existing between 1968 and 1987 in Greece.
Irvin David Yalom (; born 13 June 1931) is an American existential psychiatrist who is emeritus professor of psychiatry at Stanford University, as well as author of both fiction and nonfiction.
The Louisiana History Museum is located in the historic downtown portion of Alexandria, Louisiana, USA, near the Red River. It showcases the social evolution of all of Louisiana, but centers on the history of Central Louisiana, Rapides Parish, and Alexandria. 
Rupanyup  is a small town in rural Victoria, Australia. As of the , it had a population of 536. 
Vieux-Habitants  is a commune on Guadeloupe, a French overseas department in the Caribbean. It is located on the southwest coast of the island of Basse-Terre. 
Kasper Straube  was a German 15th-century printer from Bavaria.
Mirko Slomka (; born 12 September 1967) is a German football manager who currently is in charge of Hannover 96.
Club Atlético Independiente de La Chorrera, also known as CAI or CAI de La Chorrera, is a Panamanian football club based in La Chorrera that currently plays in the Liga Panameña de Fútbol.
Adolphus Frederick VI (17 June 1882 – 23 February 1918) was the last reigning grand duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
The community of Jonsdorf is located in the south of the Kreis Görlitz in the southeast of the German federal state of Saxony. It is embedded into a valley of the Zittau Mountains, part of the Lusatian Mountains.
KNOB is a commercial radio station in Healdsburg, California, broadcasting to the Santa Rosa, California, area on 96.7 FM. The station airs an adult hits format and is branded "Bob FM".
Gustav Georg Embden (10 November 1874 – 25 July 1933) was a German physiological chemist.
Mikhaylovsk  is a town and the administrative center of Shpakovsky District in Stavropol Krai, Russia, located along the Tashla River, northeast of Stavropol, the administrative center of the krai. Population: 
The Tottenham & Forest Gate Railway was a railway line in north London, formed by an Act of Parliament of 1890 and built as joint venture between the Midland Railway and the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway. It opened in 1894.
Charles Michael, Duke of Mecklenburg (; (; – 6 December 1934) was an officer in the Imperial Russian Army, heir presumptive to the throne of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and from 1918 head of the Grand Ducal House.
Andrea Dandolo (13067 September 1354) was elected the 54th doge of Venice in 1343, replacing Bartolomeo Gradenigo who died in late 1342.
Arroyo Corte Madera del Presidio is a year-round stream in southern Marin County, California, United States. This watercourse is also known as Corte Madera Creek, although the actual stream of that name flows into San Francisco Bay further north at Point San Quentin. 
Inishnee  is a small island off the shore of Ireland, in Roundstone Bay near the village of Roundstone in Connemara in County Galway. The island is equipped with a lighthouse. , 
Victoria University Press , founded in the 1970s, is the book publishing arm of Victoria University of Wellington, located in Wellington, New Zealand.
Elena Sergeyevna Efaieva (, born 6 June 1989) is a Russian former pair skater. With Alexei Menshikov, she placed sixth at the 2005 World Junior Championships and at the 2007 European Championships. Their partnership ended in 2007.
Blagodarny  is a town and the administrative center of Blagodarnensky District in Stavropol Krai, Russia, located on the Mokraya Buyvola River , east of Stavropol, the administrative center of the krai. Population: It was previously known as "Blagodarnoye".
Thailand Tobacco Monopoly Football Club , commonly known as the TTM FC, was a Thai football club originally based in Bangkok. The Club, founded in 1963, was one of the oldest clubs in Thailand. 
Lee Sang-il (Korean: 이상일, born 6 January 1974 in Niigata Prefecture, Japan) is a Zainichi Korean film director and screenwriter. His first film, "Chong", was a short film about the lives of third generation Koreans living in Japan.
Uttar Banga Krishi Vishwavidyalaya  is an agricultural university in Pundibari about 11 km North-West of Cooch Behar, West Bengal, India. It has faculties of Agricultural Engineering, Agriculture and Horticulture.
Olympic Stadium   is an indoor arena, located in Moscow, Russia. It was built for the 1980 Summer Olympics and, divided into two separated halls, hosted the basketball and boxing events.
Club Atlético Argentino, commonly known as Argentino de Rosario, is an Argentine football club from the city of Rosario, Santa Fe. The team currently plays in Primera D Metropolitana, the regionalised fifth division of the Argentine football league system.
Orignolles is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Club Sportivo Barracas is an Argentine sports club from Buenos Aires. The institution was born as a rowing club, nevertheless it is mostly known for its football activities nowadays. The team currently plays in Primera C, the fourth division of the Argentine football league system.
Musetta Vander (born Musetta van der Merwe; 26 May 1963) is a South African actress, model and dancer.
JE DESIGN GmbH is a German car tuning manufacturer. They specialise in the four primary brands of Volkswagen Group, namely Volkswagen, Audi, SEAT, and Škoda cars.
John Joseph Murphy (born July 19, 1953) is an American former backstroke and freestyle swimmer who won a gold medal as a member of the U.S. team in the men's 4×100-meter freestyle relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany. At the 1972 Olympics, the 19-year-old also earned a bronze medal in the men's 100-meter backstroke. He attended Indiana University, where he swam for coach James Counsilman's Indiana Hoosiers swim team in National Collegiate Athletic Association  competition.
Antonios I Naguib  (born 18 March 1935 in Samalut) is the Coptic Catholic Patriarch emeritus of Alexandria, and a Cardinal.
Frank Duval (born 22 November 1940, Berlin, as Frank Uwe Patz) is a German composer, conductor, record producer, songwriter and singer.
The Honeydogs is a band from Saint Paul, Minnesota that opened at First Avenue in 1994.
Crossman is a town located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, of the state capital, Perth along Albany Highway, and east of Boddington.
North Bannister is a small town located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, south-southeast of the state capital, Perth along Albany Highway between Armadale and Williams.
Karen Patricia Moe Humphreys (born January 22, 1953), née Karen Patricia Moe, is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic gold medalist, and former world record-holder. At the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany, she won the gold medal in the women's 200-meter butterfly event.
The Little Dead Diamond River is a long river in northern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Dead Diamond River, located in the Androscoggin River watershed of Maine and New Hampshire.
The West Branch of the Little Magalloway River is a river in northern New Hampshire and northwestern Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Little Magalloway River, located in the Androscoggin River watershed of Maine and New Hampshire.
Graham Broad (born 10 March 1957) is an English drummer who has been playing professionally since the age of fifteen, after attending the Royal College of Music in 1970. He is a former pupil of drumming educator Lloyd Ryan, who also taught Phil Collins the drum rudiments.
The Eaglehawk Neck is a narrow isthmus that connects the Tasman Peninsula with the Forestier Peninsula, and hence to mainland Tasmania, Australia. A township settlement in the same region is also called Eaglehawk Neck.
The Zealand River is a long river in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Ammonoosuc River and part of the Connecticut River watershed.
Hierges is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region in northern France.
The North Branch of the Millers River is a river in southwestern New Hampshire and northern Massachusetts in the United States. It is a tributary of the Millers River, which flows west to the Connecticut River, which in turn flows south to Long Island Sound, an arm of the Atlantic Ocean.
Uruguay Montevideo Football Club is a football club from Montevideo in Uruguay.
Sabbas the Goth (, ; died 12 April 372) is a fourth-century Christian martyr and saint.
The European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations  is a Brussels-based trade association founded in 1978 representing the research-based pharmaceutical industry operating in Europe.
Wawatay Native Communications Society  was formed in 1974 by the people of Northern Ontario, Canada's Nishnawbe Aski Nation, as a source of communications technology, namely radio, television, and print media services for the Oji-Cree communities. Its mandate is to preserve the indigenous language and culture in its service area. Wawatay's general office is located in Sioux Lookout, Ontario, with bureaus in Timmins and Thunder Bay.
The Wiese is a river, 57.8 kilometres long, and a right-hand tributary of the Rhine in southwest Germany and northwest Switzerland.
KTNO (1440 AM) is an AM radio station broadcasting in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex as a Spanish Christian station. It is licensed in University Park, Texas, United States, and is owned and operated by the Salem Media Group.
Jason Hu (; born 15 May 1948) is a politician of the Taiwan. He was the mayor of Taichung as provincial city in 2001-2010 and as special municipality in 2010-2014. He is a member of the Kuomintang , and has been the Vice Chairman of the party since April 2014.
The North Fork of the East Branch of the Pemigewasset River is a river located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the East Branch of the Pemigewasset River, part of the Merrimack River watershed.
Roberto Rosato (; 18 August 1943 – 20 June 2010) was an Italian footballer, who played as a defender.
KJON (850 AM) is a radio station broadcasting in the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex operating during the daytime hours only. This station is owned and operated by Chatham Hill Foundation, which runs the religious Guadalupe Radio Network.
Howden Joinery Group plc is the parent company for the Howdens Joinery business , a supplier of kitchens and joinery products to the building trade. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
George II of Hesse-Darmstadt, (Darmstadt, 17 March 1605 – 11 June 1661) was the Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt from 1626 - 1661. He was the son of Ludwig V and Magdalene of Brandenburg.
The Squam River is a river located in central New Hampshire in the United States. The river is the outlet of Squam Lake, the second-largest lake in New Hampshire, and it is a tributary of the Pemigewasset River, which itself is a tributary of the Merrimack River.
Fulk Bertrand I (died 27 April 1051) was the joint Count of Provence with his elder brother William IV from 1018 and with his younger brother Geoffrey I from at least 1032 if not earlier. After William's death, Fulk assumed the title of margrave, indicating headship of the dynasty. They were the sons of William II, count of Provence.
Sveti Ivan Zelina  is a town in Zagreb County, Croatia.
Fort Augusta was a stronghold in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, in the upper Susquehanna Valley from the time of the French and Indian War to the close of the American Revolution.
Jeunesse Sportive Saint-Pierroise, is a French football club from Saint-Pierre, Réunion. Their most notable player is Didier Agathe, who is known for playing for Celtic and Aston Villa. He signed for JS Saint-Pierroise in 2007.
William "Casey Bill" Weldon (December 10, 1909 – c. 1970) was an American country blues musician.
El Museo Mexicano or The Mexican Museum is a San Francisco, California, United States museum created to exhibit the aesthetic expression of the Latino, Chicano, Mexican, and Mexican-American people. Currently, their exhibition space at Fort Mason Center is permanently closed.
Carl Johnson ("Carl Edward Johnson;" May 21, 1898 – September 13, 1932) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the long jump. He competed for the United States in the 1920 Summer Olympics held in Antwerp, Belgium in the long jump, where he won the silver medal.
Tasha De'Anka Danvers (born 19 September 1977) is a British Olympic bronze medallist, who finished in third place in the 400 metres hurdles at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. She was born in London to two athletes, Dorrett McKoy and Donald Danvers, who both moved to the United Kingdom from Jamaica as children.
Kabwe Warriors is a Zambian football club based in Kabwe that plays in the Zambian Premier League. They play their home games at Godfrey 'Ucar' Chitalu 107 Stadium in Kabwe.
The Union of Forces for Democracy and Development  is the largest group of Chadian rebel forces opposed to current President Idriss Déby. It was formed in October 2006 under the leadership of Mahamat Nouri.
The Germanischer Lloyd SE was a classification society based in the city of Hamburg, Germany. It ceased to exist as an independent entity on September 2013 as a result of its merger with Norway's DNV  to become the present-day DNV GL.
China Merchants Group  is a state-owned corporation of People's Republic of China. It is the major shareholder of China Merchants Holdings  (55.4%) as well as China Merchants Bank (18%). The company's headquarters are located on the top floor of China Merchants Tower, Shun Tak Centre, Hong Kong.
The West Branch of the Souhegan River is a river in southern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Souhegan River, which flows to the Merrimack River and ultimately to the Gulf of Maine.
Codorus Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in York County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Bohemond of Saarbrücken (died 10 February 1367) was the Archbishop of Trier  and a Prince Elector of the Holy Roman Empire from 2 May 1354 to 4 April 1362.
Olga Konstiantinivna Kurylenko (born 14 November 1979) is a French-Ukrainian actress and model.
The West Branch is a long river located in eastern New Hampshire in the United States. It is the northern tributary of Ossipee Lake, part of the Saco River watershed leading to the Atlantic Ocean.
Saint-Hippolyte  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Martin Grove Brumbaugh, A.M., Ph.D. (April 14, 1862March 14, 1930) was an American Republican politician who served as the 26th Governor of Pennsylvania from 1915 until 1919. He is frequently referred to as M.G. Brumbaugh, as is common in the Brumbaugh family. He was president of Juniata College and the first education commissioner for Puerto Rico.
Die Verbannten Kinder Evas is an Austrian darkwave music project founded in 1993 by Richard Lederer and Michael Gregor, signed to Napalm Records.
Wondai is a town and locality in the South Burnett Region of Queensland, Australia. The town is located to the south of the Bunya Highway, north west of the state capital, Brisbane. In the 2011 census, Wondai had a population of 2,127 people.
Mill Creek is an tributary of the Tioga River in Tioga County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Soummam – Abane Ramdane Airport  , also known as Soummam Airport or Bejaia Airport, is an airport serving Béjaïa, a city in the Béjaïa Province of northern Algeria. It is located south of the city, It was opened in 1982 to national level and his quick development led to its opening in international traffic in 1993. 
Roger Martin du Gard (; 23 March 1881 – 22 August 1958) was a French novelist, winner of the 1937 Nobel Prize for Literature.
The Bailey-Matthews National Shell Museum is a museum devoted to every aspect of seashells, conchology, and malacology, including the paleontological and archeological/anthropological aspects of the study of shells. The museum is located in the city of Sanibel on Sanibel Island on the Gulf of Mexico coast of Southwest Florida.
The Old River is a long stream located in southeastern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Taylor River, the primary tributary of the Hampton River estuary connected to the Atlantic Ocean.
The Loing is a long river in central France, a left tributary of the Seine. 
Sarah Kofman (; September 14, 1934 – October 15, 1994) was a French philosopher.
Boguchar  is a town and the administrative center of Bogucharsky District in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, located on the Boguchar River , south of Voronezh, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
The Middle Branch of the Mad River is a long mountain brook on the Maine-New Hampshire border in the United States, within the eastern White Mountains. It is a tributary of the Mad River, a short feeder of the Cold River, part of the Saco River watershed.
Al-Shorta Sports Club  is an Iraqi sports club based in Rusafa District, East Districts of the Tigris River, Baghdad. It has teams in 18 different sports, more than any other Iraqi club. 
Paolo Sorrentino (; born 31 May 1970) is an Italian film director, screenwriter and writer.
Sankata Boys Sports Club, commonly known as Sankata Boys S.C., is a Nepalese football club based in Kathmandu that competes in the Martyr's Memorial A-Division League. Named after Sankata Temple, the club has won the national championship three times, most recently in 1985.
Alfred Clark Chapin (March 8, 1848 – October 2, 1936) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the Mayor of Brooklyn and a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Kalu Uche (born 15 November 1982) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays for Qatari club Al-Markhiya as a forward.
Berthold IV (c. 1159 – 12 August 1204), a member of the House of Andechs, was Margrave of Istria and Carniola . By about 1180/82 he already bore the title of Duke of Merania, that is, the Adriatic seacoast of Dalmatia and Istria.
Kilkivan is a town and locality in the Gympie Region of Queensland, Australia. At the 2016 census, Kilkivan had a population of 713.
Sport Voetbal Centro Social Deportivo Barber is a Curaçao football team located in WestPunt municipality Barber, and playing in the Curaçao League First Division.
Charles McGinnis ("Charles English McGinnis;" October 4, 1906 – April 29, 1995) was an American track and field athlete who competed mainly in the pole vault.
Ukrainian Galician Army , was the Ukrainian military of the West Ukrainian National Republic during and after the Polish-Ukrainian War. 
Botswana Police XI Sporting Club is a football  club from Botswana based in Otse.
WCNS ("Lite Favorites 1480") is an AM radio station licensed to Latrobe, Pennsylvania, and operating on a frequency of 1480 kilohertz by authority of the Federal Communications Commission. WCNS broadcasts with a daytime power output of 500 watts, and a nighttime power of 1,000 watts. 
The Delaware United States House election for 2006 was held on November 7, 2006. Incumbent Republican representative Michael Castle won re-election to a seventh term.
Paul K. Davis (born 1952) is a historian specializing in military history.
The Barbados Defence Force Sports Program  is the sporting arm of the Barbados Defence Force. BDFSP recruits and trains athletes in five disciplines; football, cricket, table tennis, athletics and boxing. 
Daman Airport is a military airbase at Daman in the Union Territory of Daman and Diu, India. It is home to the Indian Coast Guard Air Station, Daman which provides ATC and parking facilities to Defence as well as civilian aircraft.
KEGE (101.7 FM, "The Edge") is an American radio station broadcasting an alternative rock format. Licensed to Hamilton City, California, United States, the station serves the Chico area.
Quintus Sosius Senecio ("fl." 1st century) was a Roman senator who was favored by the emperors Domitian and Trajan. 
The New York Air Brake Corporation, located in Watertown, New York, is a manufacturer of air brake and train control systems for the railroad industry worldwide.
Kim Jung-eun (born March 4, 1976) is a South Korean actress best known for her roles in the film "Marrying the Mafia" (2002) and the television series "Lovers in Paris" (2004), "I Am Legend" (2010) and "Make a Woman Cry". In 2008, Kim hosted her own music talk show "Kim Jung-eun's Chocolate" on SBS.
Toolamba is a town in the Goulburn Valley region of Victoria, Australia. It is in the City of Greater Shepparton local government area, north of the state capital, Melbourne. At the , Toolamba and the surrounding area had a population of 873.
The River Gannel  rises in the village of Indian Queens in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It flows north under Trevemper Bridge and becomes a tidal estuary, the Gannel , that divides the town of Newquay from the village of Crantock and joins the Celtic Sea.
Monica Sin-Ling Lam is a professor in the Computer Science Department at Stanford, and founder of Moka5 and Omlet.
Al Sahel Sporting Club  is a Kuwaiti professional football club based in Abu Halifa. Sahel achieved a runner-up's finish in the 1999 Kuwait Emir Cup.
Klaus Dibiasi (born 6 October 1947) is a former diver from Italy, who competed in four consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1964. He dominated the platform event from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s, winning a total number of three Olympic gold medals.
Messiah were a death/thrash metal band from Switzerland.
, real name , is a Japanese actor.
Tezukayama University has two campuses—one in Gakuen-mae  in Nara city, and the other in eastern Ikoma . Tezukayama University has many facilities in a historical setting.
Yuzhnouralsk  is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Uvelka River south of Chelyabinsk. Population: 
Parambikulam River, one of four tributaries of the Chalakkudi River, originates in the Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu, India.
Wilbur Wright College, formerly known as Wright Junior College, is a public community college in Chicago. Part of the City Colleges of Chicago system, it offers 2-year associate's degrees, as well as occupational training in IT, manufacturing, medical, and business fields. 
Diego Félix of Austria, Prince of Asturias and Portugal (August 15, 1575 – November 21, 1582) was the fourth son of Philip II of Spain, and also his third son by his fourth wife Anna of Austria.
Andrea di Cristoforo Bregno (1418–1506) was an Italian sculptor and architect of the Early Renaissance who worked in Rome from the 1460s and died just as the High Renaissance was getting under way.
The Villa of Livia  is an ancient Roman villa at Prima Porta, 12 km north of Rome along the Via Flaminia. It was probably part of Livia Drusilla's dowry she brought when she married the emperor Augustus, her second husband, in 39 BC. It was her country residence complementing her house on the Palatine Hill in Rome.
Hester is a small town in the South West region of Western Australia, 7 km north of Bridgetown on the railway.
Priscilla Anne Barnes (born December 7, 1952) is an American actress, who may be best known in her role as Terri Alden on "Three's Company", the permanent replacement for Suzanne Somers. She subsequently made appearances in films such as "A Vacation in Hell", "Licence to Kill", "Mallrats", "The Devil's Rejects", and the television series "Jane the Virgin"and "Highway To Heaven".
Elmshorn  is a town in the district of Pinneberg in Schleswig-Holstein in Germany. It is 30 km north of Hamburg on the small river Krückau, a tributary of the Elbe, and with 49,000 inhabitants is the sixth-largest town in the state of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. 
Andreas Metaxas (; 1790September 19, 1860) was a Greek politician, fighter of the Greek War of Independence and diplomat from Cephalonia. He was prime minister of Greece from September 3, 1843 to February 16, 1844. 
Jorge Jamil Mahuad Witt (born July 29, 1949) is an Ecuadorian lawyer, academic and former politician, he was the 39th President of Ecuador from August 10, 1998 to January 21, 2000.
Ludwig Karl Hilberseimer (1885–1967) was a German architect and urban planner best known for his ties to the Bauhaus and to Mies van der Rohe, as well as for his work in urban planning at Armour Institute of Technology , in Chicago, Illinois.
Alberta Citylink was an airline based in Medicine Hat, Alberta, Canada. It operated domestic passenger service for Air Canada as an Air Canada Connector air carrier via a code sharing agreement. Its main base was Medicine Hat Airport, with a hub at Calgary International Airport
Kugluktuk (Inuinnaqtun: "Qurluktuk", "the place of moving water"; Inuktitut syllabics: ᖁᕐᓗᖅᑐᖅ , formerly Coppermine until 1 January 1996) is a hamlet located at the mouth of the Coppermine River in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, Canada, on Coronation Gulf, southwest of Victoria Island. It is the westernmost community in Nunavut, near the border with the Northwest Territories.
Rand Airport is an airport in Germiston, South Africa. It was constructed in the 1920s as the main airport for Johannesburg, but the city outgrew it and replaced the airport with Palmietfontein Airport in the late 1940s (itself replaced by Jan Smuts International Airport in the 1950s).
Major-General Rudolf Anton Carl Freiherr von Slatin, Geh. Rat, (7 June 1857, Ober Sankt Veit, Hietzing, Vienna – 4 October 1932, Vienna) was an Anglo-Austrian soldier and administrator in the Sudan.
Margaret of Austria (25 December 1584 – 3 October 1611) was Queen consort of Spain and Portugal by her marriage to King Philip III and II.
Mercury Marine, founded in 1939 as Kiekhaefer Mercury, is a division of the Brunswick Corporation. It is based in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. The company manufactures marine engines.
Ordos  is one of the twelve major subdivisions of Inner Mongolia, China. It lies within the Ordos Plateau of the Yellow River. 
Edgar Pierre Joseph Tinel (27 March 185428 October 1912) was a Belgian composer and pianist.
Xerez Club Deportivo, known simply as Xerez, is a Spanish football team based in Jerez de la Frontera, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded on 24 September 1947, it plays in Tercera División – Group 10, holding home matches at "Estadio Municipal de Chapín", with an overall 20,742-seat capacity. 
Injo of Joseon (7 December 1595 – 17 June 1649, r. 1623–1649) was the sixteenth king of the Joseon dynasty in Korea. He was the grandson of Seonjo and son of Grand Prince Jeongwon . 
Michel Floréal Chasles (15 November 1793 – 18 December 1880) was a French mathematician.
AngloGold Ashanti Limited is a global gold mining company. It was formed in 2004 by the merger of AngloGold and the Ashanti Goldfields Corporation.
London Drugs Ltd. is a Canadian retail store chain with headquarters in Richmond, British Columbia. Its primary focus is on pharmaceuticals, electronics, housewares and cosmetics, with a limited selection of grocery items. As of June 2014, the chain had 78 stores in the provinces of Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and British Columbia.
CKXA-FM is a radio station in Brandon, Manitoba. Owned by Bell Media, it broadcasts a country music format.
Frederick Louis of Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck (; 6 April 1653 – 7 March 1728) was a Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck and field marshal of the Prussian Army. He was the son of August Philipp, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck and Countess Marie Sibylle of Nassau-Saarbrücken.
Grand Duchess Elena Vladimirovna of Russia (17 January 1882 – 13 March 1957), sometimes known as Helen, Helena, Helene, Ellen, Yelena, Hélène, or Eleni, was a Russian grand duchess as the only daughter and youngest child of Grand Duke Vladimir Alexandrovich of Russia and Duchess Marie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. Her husband was Prince Nicholas of Greece and Denmark and they were both first cousins of Emperor Nicholas II of Russia.
The Hallenstadion  is a multi-purpose facility located in the quarter of Oerlikon in northern Zürich. It is home to the ZSC Lions of the National League  and has a capacity of 11,200 spectators. 
Craig Sinclair Gordon (born 31 December 1982) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Scottish Premiership club Celtic.
Harvey's Brewery is a brewery in Lewes, East Sussex, England.
WUHQ-LD, channel 29, is a television station in Grand Rapids, Michigan. It is a Daystar owned-and-operated station.
The Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art  is an art museum located on the northwest corner of the Arts Quad on the main campus of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. Its collection includes two windows from Frank Lloyd Wright's Darwin D. Martin House, and more than 35,000 other works in the permanent collection. 
The Republican Party of India  ) is a political party in India. The party is a splinter group of the Republican Party of India and has its roots in the Scheduled Castes Federation led by B. R. Ambedkar. The president of the party is Ramdas Athawale.
Roque del Este  is a small uninhabited island in the Canary Islands, located northeast of the island of Lanzarote. The island is part of the Chinijo Archipelago, which is administratively part of the municipality of Teguise.
The Mill River is a tributary of the Taunton River that flows 4.0 miles (6.2 km) from Lake Sabbatia, through the center of Taunton, Massachusetts, to the Taunton River.
Eddie Scott Trunk (born August 8, 1964) is an American music historian, radio personality, talk show host, and author, best known as the host of several hard rock and heavy metal-themed radio and television shows.
Karl Brugmann (16 March 1849 – 29 June 1919) was a German linguist. He is noted for his work in Indo-European linguistics.
Naypyidaw, officially spelled Nay Pyi Taw , is the capital city of Myanmar. The city is located at the center of the Naypyidaw Union Territory. 
Saint Sunniva (10th century; Old Norse "Sunnifa", from Old English "Sunngifu") is the patron saint of the Norwegian Diocese of Bjørgvin, as well as all of Western Norway.
The University of Providence  (renamed from University of Great Falls in July 2017) is a private Roman Catholic university located in Great Falls, Montana, United States, within the Diocese of Great Falls–Billings. The university is accredited by the Northwest Association of Schools and Colleges. 
Alexander Richard Pettyfer (born 10 April 1990) is a British actor and model. He appeared in school plays and on television before being cast as Alex Rider, the main character in the 2006 film version of "Stormbreaker". 
Aurora "Rory" Block (born November 6, 1949, Princeton, New Jersey, United States) is an American blues guitarist and singer, a notable exponent of the country blues style.
Vasilyevsky Island  is an island in St. Petersburg, Russia, bordered by the Bolshaya Neva and Malaya Neva Rivers  in the south and northeast, and by the Gulf of Finland in the west. Vasilyevsky Island is separated from Dekabristov Island by the Smolenka River. Together they form the territory of Vasileostrovsky District, an administrative division of Saint Petersburg.
Vaygach Island  is an island in the Arctic Sea between the Pechora Sea and the Kara Sea.
Raimondo, Count of Montecuccoli (; ; 21 February 1609 – 16 October 1680) was an Italian-born professional soldier who served the Habsburg Monarchy. He was also a Prince of the Holy Roman Empire and Duke of Melfi, in the Kingdom of Naples.
The Flemish Government  is the executive branch of the Flemish Community and the Flemish Region of Belgium. It consists of a government cabinet, headed by the Minister-President and accountable to the Flemish Parliament, and the public administration  divided into 13 policy areas, each with an executive department and multiple agencies.
WIAD (94.7 FM) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Bethesda, Maryland. The station is owned by Entercom through licensee Entercom License, LLC, and broadcasts a classic hits format branded as "94.7 The Drive".
Aspen/Pitkin County Airport , also known as Sardy Field, is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Aspen, in Pitkin County, Colorado, United States.
Manta Fútbol Club is a football club based in Manta that plays in the Serie B, Ecuador's top-level of professional football. Their rival club is LDU Portoviejo.
Justin Paul Theroux (; born August 10, 1971) is an American actor, film producer, and screenwriter. He is known for his work with film director David Lynch in "Mulholland Drive" (2001) and "Inland Empire" (2006), his starring role as Kevin Garvey in the HBO series "The Leftovers" (2014–2017), for which he was nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series in 2016, and as Tom Watson in "The Girl on the Train" (2016). He is also known as a screenwriter for films such as "Tropic Thunder" (2008) and "Iron Man 2" (2010).
David Jonathan Heyman (born 26 July 1961) is an English film producer and the founder of Heyday Films. In 1999, he secured the film rights to the "Harry Potter" film series and went on to produce all eight instalments, becoming one of the most central crew members over the course of the eight films. In 2013, as the producer of "Gravity", he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture and won a BAFTA Award for Best British Film, his second collaboration with director Alfonso Cuarón after "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban".
The Pontypool and Blaenavon Railway  is a volunteer-run heritage railway in South Wales, running trains between a halt platform opposite the Whistle Inn public house  southwards to the town of Blaenavon via a two-platform station at the site of former colliery furnace of the Big Pit National Coal Museum.
Hey is a Polish rock band founded in Szczecin in 1991 by guitarist Piotr Banach and lead singer Kasia Nosowska. It is one of the most popular Polish music acts of the 1990s.
Candelaria, also Villa Mariana de Candelaria, is a municipality and city in the eastern part of the island of Tenerife in the Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, in the Canary Islands, Spain. The city is located on the coast, 17 km southwest of Santa Cruz de Tenerife. The population is 25,140 (2010), and the area is 49.18 km².
Vlastimil Hort (born 12 January 1944) is a Czechoslovak-born German chess Grandmaster. During the 1960s and 1970s he was one of the world's strongest players and reached the 1977–78 Candidates Tournament for the World Chess Championship, but never qualified for a competition for the actual title.
Miles College is a private historically black liberal arts college in Fairfield, Alabama. Founded in 1898, it is associated with the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church  and a member of the United Negro College Fund.
Cetona is a town and "comune" in the southern part province of Siena, Tuscany, in an area where Umbria and Lazio meet.
Zegama, popularly known as "The shadow of Aizkorri", is a town and municipality in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain. By car it is some half an hour from Donostia, Vitoria-Gasteiz and Pamplona.
Lambchop, originally Posterchild, is an American band from Nashville, Tennessee. Lambchop is loosely associated with the alternative country genre. 
Brian Pala Lima (born 25 January 1972) is a Samoan former rugby union player who was inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame in 2011.
Erik Thorstvedt (born 28 October 1962 in Stavanger) is a former Norwegian professional football goalkeeper. He won 97 caps for the Norwegian national team, and was the starter in goal at the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
Benjamin José Molina (born July 20, 1974), nicknamed "Big Money", is a former Major League Baseball catcher, first base coach, and catching instructor for the Texas Rangers. He is the older brother of major league catchers José Molina and Yadier Molina.
Hackney Wick is a suburb in the London boroughs of Hackney and Tower Hamlets in east London, England. It is also named after a district called Hackney, the administrative centre for a London borough with the same name. 
The Buckinghams are an American Sunshine pop band from Chicago, Illinois, United States. They formed in 1966, and went on to become one of the top selling acts of 1967, charting their only five Top 40 hits in the U.S. that year. 
WEAU, virtual channel 13 (UHF digital channel 38), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Eau Claire, Wisconsin, United States, serving Western Wisconsin including the Chippewa Valley. The station is owned by Gray Television. 
Mehmet Munir Ertegun (Turkish spelling: Münir Ertegün; 1883 – 11 November 1944) was a Turkish legal counsel in international law to the "Sublime Porte"  of the late Ottoman Empire and a diplomat of the Republic of Turkey during its early years. Ertegun married Emine Hayrünnisa Rüstem in 1917 and the couple had three children, two of whom were Nesuhi and Ahmet Ertegun, the brothers who founded Atlantic Records and became iconic figures in the American music industry.
Club Deportivo Quevedo is an Ecuadorian professional football club based in Quevedo. They currently play in the Ecuadorian Serie B, the country's second division-flight professional league.
Lotus FM  is a South African national radio station based in Durban, loosely similar to the BBC Asian Network in the United Kingdom, that caters for the needs of the South African Indian community. It combines a mix of Indian music, news, current affairs, interviews and entertainment. 
Abe Minderts Lenstra (27 November 1920 – 2 September 1985) was a Dutch football player and national football icon in the 1950s who played as a forward. He was also a Frisian legend, most notably with the club where he made his name as a football player, Heerenveen.
Babakin is a small town located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia between the towns of Bruce Rock and Corrigin. At the the population of Babakin was approximately 54. Facilities in the town include a school, shop, hall and sporting facilities.
Saint-Denis-le-Thiboult is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Edgaras Jankauskas (born 12 March 1975) is a Lithuanian former footballer, and is a manager.
The Pentland Hills are a range of hills to the south-west of Edinburgh, Scotland. The range is around 20 miles (32 km) in length, and runs south west from Edinburgh towards Biggar and the upper Clydesdale.
Baudricourt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Mesomedes of Crete  was a Roman-era Greek lyric poet and composer of the early 2nd century AD.
Dr Wilhelm Ferdinand Erichson (26 November 1809 in Stralsund – 18 December 1848 in Berlin) was a trained medical doctor and a German entomologist.
Thorstein Helstad (born 28 April 1977) is a retired Norwegian footballer who played as a forward.
Peter Pau Tak-Hei (, born 1951) is a Hong Kong cinematographer and film director, best known to western audiences as for his work on "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", for which he won the Academy Award for Best Cinematographer in 2000. One of Hong Kong's premier cinematographers, he has collaborated with directors John Woo, Ronny Yu, Ang Lee, Tsui Hark, and Wong Kar-wai.
Fireball Ministry is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California formed in 1999.
The Nur Mountains , formerly known as Alma-Dağ or the ancient Amanus , is a mountain range in the Hatay Province of south-central Turkey, which runs roughly parallel to the Gulf of İskenderun.
WFRE (99.9 FM) is a radio station located in Frederick, Maryland, in the United States. It plays Country music and is owned by Connoisseur Media along with its sister station 930 WFMD. 
The Kingdom of Gomma was one of the kingdoms in the Gibe region of Ethiopia that emerged in the 18th century. It was based in Agaro.
Mary Megan Winningham (; born May 16, 1959) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. An eight-time Emmy Award nominee, she won Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Movie for "Amber Waves" in 1980 and "George Wallace" in 1998. She was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for the 1995 film "Georgia".
KDTX-TV, virtual channel 58 (UHF digital channel 21), is a TBN owned-and-operated television station licensed to Dallas, Texas, United States, and serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex. Owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network, KDTX maintains studio facilities at TBN's International Production Center on West Irving Boulevard (Highway 356, between it and Texas State Highway 183) in Irving, and its transmitter is located south of Belt Line Road in Cedar Hill.
Nantes Atlantique Airport  is an international airport serving Nantes, France. It is located southwest of the city, in Bouguenais.
Jacopo Sadoleto (July 12, 1477 – October 18, 1547) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal and counterreformer noted for his correspondence with and opposition to John Calvin.
It traces its roots to The Baptist Theological Seminary of Yokohama established by Albert Arnold Bennett, a missionary of the American Baptist Missionary Union, established in 1884. The school's name was changed to Kanto Gakuin in 1919.
United New Zealand was a centrist political party in New Zealand founded in 1995. It merged with the Christian-based Future New Zealand party to form the United Future New Zealand party in 2000.
Rosny-sous-Bois is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the centre of Paris.
Cambremer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France. Cambremer is located in the heart of the Pays d'Auge, between Lisieux and Caen.
Needham Market is a town in Suffolk, England. The town of Needham, Massachusetts was named after Needham Market.
The Teen Idols were a pop punk band originally from Nashville, Tennessee. They were formed in 1992 by Phillip Hill and originally broke up in 2003. 
Neil Sedaka (born March 13, 1939) is an American pop singer, pianist, composer and record producer. Since his music career began in 1957 as a short-lived founding member of the Tokens, he has sold millions of records as an artist and has written or co-written over 500 songs for himself and others, collaborating mostly with lyricists Howard Greenfield and Phil Cody.
Mossley  is a small town and a civil parish in Greater Manchester, England, in the upper Tame Valley and the foothills of the Pennines, southeast of Oldham and east of Manchester.
William Adamson (2 April 1863 – 23 February 1936) was a Scottish trade unionist and Labour politician. He was Leader of the Labour Party from 1917 to 1921 and served as Secretary of State for Scotland in 1924 and during 1929–1931 in the first two Labour ministries headed by Ramsay MacDonald.
Eltham  is a district of southeast London, England, within the Royal Borough of Greenwich and the historic county of Kent. It is east-southeast of Charing Cross, and is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London. 
Abraham Charles Vigoda (; February 24, 1921 – January 26, 2016) was an American actor best known for his portrayals of Salvatore Tessio in "The Godfather" (1972) and Phil Fish in "Barney Miller" (1975–1977, 1982) and "Fish" (1977–1978).
Key Largo  is an island in the upper Florida Keys archipelago and is the largest section of the Keys, at long. It is one of the northernmost of the Florida Keys in Monroe County, and the northernmost of the Keys connected by U.S. Highway 1 . 
KMSP-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 9, is a Fox owned-and-operated television station licensed to Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States and serving the Twin Cities television market. The station is owned by the Fox Television Stations subsidiary of Fox Corporation, as part of a duopoly with MyNetworkTV owned-and-operated station WFTC (channel 9). 
Clifford Glenwood Shull (September 23, 1915 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania – March 31, 2001) was a Nobel Prize-winning American physicist.
Stornoway  is the main town of the Western Isles and the capital of Lewis and Harris in Scotland.
The Sweetwater River is a long tributary of the North Platte River, in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As a part of the Mississippi River system, its waters eventually reach the Gulf of Mexico.
Roosevelt Sykes (January 31, 1906 – July 17, 1983) was an American blues musician, also known as "The Honeydripper".
Admiral of the Fleet Michael Cecil Boyce, Baron Boyce, (born 2 April 1943) is a retired Royal Navy officer who now sits as a crossbench member of the House of Lords.
Ronald Cyril Fearn, Baron Fearn, (born 6 February 1931) is a British Liberal Democrat politician.
Ardnamurchan  is a peninsula in the ward management area of Lochaber, Highland, Scotland, noted for being very unspoiled and undisturbed. Its remoteness is accentuated by the main access route being a single track road for much of its length. The most westerly point of mainland Great Britain, Corrachadh Mòr, is in Ardnamurchan.
Ian James Rankin, (born 28 April 1960) is a Scottish crime writer, best known for his Inspector Rebus novels.
Dominic Chianese (born February 24, 1931) is an American actor, singer, and musician. He is best known for his role as Corrado "Junior" Soprano on the HBO series "The Sopranos", and Johnny Ola in "The Godfather Part II".
Amos Abbott (September 10, 1786, Andover, Massachusetts – November 2, 1868, Andover, Massachusetts) was a United States Congressman from Massachusetts.
Arthur Bryce Courtenay, AM (14 August 193322 November 2012) was a South African/Australian advertising director and novelist. He is one of Australia's best-selling authors, notable for his book "The Power of One".
Deng Yaping (; born February 6, 1973 in Zhengzhou, Henan) is a Chinese table tennis player, who won eighteen world championships including four Olympic championships between 1989 and 1997. She is regarded as one of the greatest players in the history of the sport.
Barry Manilow (born Barry Alan Pincus, June 17, 1943) is an American singer-songwriter, arranger, musician and producer with a career that has spanned more than 50 years. His hit recordings include "Could It Be Magic", "Mandy", "I Write the Songs" "Can't Smile Without You", and "Copacabana ".
The University of Texas Medical Branch  is a component of the University of Texas System located in Galveston, Texas, United States, about southeast of Downtown Houston. It is an academic health center with 11,000 employees and a medical school that is the oldest in Texas. 
State University of New York at Oswego, also known as SUNY Oswego and Oswego State, is a public college in the City of Oswego and Town of Oswego, in the U.S. state of New York, on the shore of Lake Ontario. It has two campuses: historic lakeside campus in Oswego and Metro Center in Syracuse, New York.
David Lincoln Rabinowitz (born 1960) is an American astronomer, discoverer of minor planets and researcher at Yale University.
Wesley Trent Snipes (born July 31, 1962) is an American actor, director, film producer, martial artist, and author. His prominent film roles include "New Jack City" (1991), "White Men Can't Jump" (1992), "Passenger 57" (1992), "Demolition Man" (1993), and the Marvel Comics character Blade in the "Blade" film trilogy (1998–2004).
The Slackers are an American ska band, formed in Manhattan, New York in 1991. The band's sound is a mix of ska, rocksteady, reggae, dub, soul, garage rock, and jazz. 
Visio Corporation was a software company based in Seattle, Washington, USA. Its principal product was a diagramming application software of the same name. 
The St. Marys River  is a river in southern Maryland in the United States. It rises in southern St. Mary's County, and flows to the southeast through Great Mills, widening into a tidal estuary near St. Mary's City, approximately wide at its mouth on the north bank of the Potomac River, near the Chesapeake Bay to the east.
Ban Houayxay , also  Huoeisay,  Houei Sai or  Huay Xai and , is the capital of the Lao province of Bokèo, on the border with Thailand.
Pietro II Orseolo (961 − 1009) was the Doge of Venice from 991 to 1009.
Moriz Rosenthal (17 December 18623 September 1946) was a Polish pianist and composer. He was an outstanding pupil of Franz Liszt and a friend and colleague of some of the greatest musicians of his age, including Johannes Brahms, Johann Strauss, Anton Rubinstein, Hans von Bülow, Camille Saint-Saëns, Jules Massenet and Isaac Albéniz.
Lord Howe Island  is an irregularly crescent-shaped volcanic remnant in the Tasman Sea between Australia and New Zealand, directly east of mainland Port Macquarie, northeast of Sydney, and about southwest of Norfolk Island. It is about long and between wide with an area of , though just of that comprise the low-lying developed part of the island.
Thomas William Heinsohn (born August 26, 1934) is an American retired professional basketball player. He has been associated with the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association  for six decades as a player, coach and broadcaster. 
Pyongyang International Airport , also known as the Pyongyang Sunan International Airport, is the main airport serving Pyongyang, capital of North Korea. It is located in the city's Sunan District. 
The Musselshell River is a tributary of the Missouri River, long from its origins at the confluence of its North and South Forks near Martinsdale, Montana to its mouth on the Missouri River. It is located east of the Continental divide entirely within Montana in the United States. 
The Teton River  is located in northwestern Montana, in the Western United States
The Canadian Centre for Architecture  is a museum of architecture and research centre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is located at 1920 Baile Street, between Fort Street and Saint-Marc Street in what was once part of the Golden Square Mile. Today it is considered to be located in the Shaughnessy Village neighbourhood of the borough of Ville-Marie.
Anglo-America  most often designates to a region in the Americas in which English is a main language and British culture and the British Empire have had significant historical, ethnic, linguistic and cultural impact. Anglo-America is distinct from Latin America, a region of the Americas where Romance languages  are prevalent.
The Senate of Northern Ireland was the upper house of the Parliament of Northern Ireland created by the "Government of Ireland Act 1920". It was abolished with the passing of the "Northern Ireland Constitution Act 1973".
Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds are an Australian rock band formed in Melbourne in 1983 by vocalist Nick Cave, multi-instrumentalist Mick Harvey and guitarist Blixa Bargeld. The band has featured international personnel throughout its career and presently consists of Cave, violinist and multi-instrumentalist Warren Ellis, bassist Martyn P. Casey , guitarist George Vjestica , keyboardist/percussionist Toby Dammit  and drummers Thomas Wydler  and Jim Sclavunos . 
Otto Loewi (3 June 1873 – 25 December 1961) was a German-born pharmacologist and psychobiologist who discovered the role of acetylcholine as an endogenous neurotransmitter. For his discovery he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1936, which he shared with Sir Henry Dale, who was a lifelong friend who helped to inspire the neurotransmitter experiment. Loewi met Dale in 1902 when spending some months in Ernest Starling's laboratory at University College, London.
Christopher Wesson Bosh (born March 24, 1984) is an American former professional basketball player. A high school "Mr. Basketball" in Texas, Bosh left Georgia Tech after one season to enter the 2003 NBA draft. He was selected fourth overall by the Toronto Raptors in a draft class that included multiple future NBA superstars such as LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Carmelo Anthony. 
The Bay of Puck or Puck Bay , is a shallow western branch of the Bay of Gdańsk in the southern Baltic Sea, off the shores of Gdańsk Pomerania, Poland. It is separated from the open sea by the Hel Peninsula.
Haier Group Corporation is a Chinese collective multinational consumer electronics and home appliances company headquartered in Qingdao, Shandong province, China. It designs, develops, manufactures and sells products including air conditioners, mobile phones, computers, microwave ovens, washing machines, refrigerators, and televisions.
Stephen Chow Sing Chi (, born June 22, 1962) is a Hong Kong film director, actor, producer, political adviser of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference and martial artist. He was also nicknamed "The King Of Comedy".
Andrew James "Andy" Bathgate (August 28, 1932 – February 26, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right wing who played 17 seasons in the National Hockey League  for the New York Rangers, Toronto Maple Leafs, Detroit Red Wings and Pittsburgh Penguins.In 2017 Bathgate was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players' in history.
The National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases  is one of the institutes and centers that make up the National Institutes of Health, an agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services .
Joe Dumars III (born May 24, 1963) is an American former basketball player in the National Basketball Association.
Sands End is an area of the ancient parish of Fulham, formerly in the County of Middlesex, which is now the southernmost part of the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, England. In a deep loop of the River Thames, between the tidal Chelsea Creek and the old Peterborough estate, west of Wandsworth Bridge, its northern edge is New King's Road. 
Carcagny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Fier  is a city and a municipality in Fier County in southwest Albania. The population of the municipality at the 2011 census was 85,845.
Elías Antonio "Tony" Saca González (born March 9, 1965) is a Salvadoran politician who was President of El Salvador from June 1, 2004 to June 1, 2009.
Heinz Hopf (19 November 1894 – 3 June 1971) was a German mathematician who worked on the fields of topology and geometry.
ESCP Europe  is a European business school with campuses in Paris, Berlin, London, Madrid, Turin, and Warsaw. 
Lieutenant-Colonel John Jacob Astor V, 1st Baron Astor of Hever, DL (20 May 1886 – 19 July 1971) was an American-born English newspaper proprietor, politician, sportsman, military officer, and a member of the Astor family.
Tai A Chau  is an uninhabited island of Hong Kong, part of the Soko Islands group, located south of Lantau Island. It is referred to as South Soko Island in some media articles.
James Batcheller Sumner (November 19, 1887 – August 12, 1955) was an American chemist. He discovered that enzymes can be crystallized, for which he shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1946 with John Howard Northrop and Wendell Meredith Stanley. 
Antonio Tejero Molina (born 30 April 1932) is a Spanish former Lieutenant Colonel of the Guardia Civil, and the most prominent figure in the failed coup d'état against Spanish democracy on 23 February 1981.
Shelburne (2016 population 8,126) is a town in Dufferin County, Ontario, Canada, is located at the intersection of Highway 10 and Highway 89. Shelburne is best known for the Annual Canadian Championship Fiddling Contest that is held each August.
Leopold Maximilian Joseph Maria Arnulf, Prinz von Bayern (9 February 1846 – 28 September 1930) was born in Munich, the son of Prince Regent Luitpold of Bavaria (1821–1912) and his wife Archduchess Augusta of Austria (1825–1864). He was a Field Marshal  who commanded German and Austro-Hungarian forces on the Eastern Front in World War I.
Wumpscut  was an electro-industrial music project from Germany. It was founded in May 1991 by Bavarian disc jockey Rudolf "Rudy" Ratzinger (born June 3, 1966).
The Royal Maritime Auxiliary Service  was a British Government agency which ran a variety of auxiliary vessels for Her Majesty's Naval Service  and the Royal Fleet Auxiliary. The service from 2009 has been run by Serco and is known as Serco Marine Services.
Lucius Mussius Aemilianus (died 261 or 262) was a Roman usurper.
The Saskatchewan Indian Institute of Technologies  is a post-secondary institution offering training and educational programs to First Nations adults in Saskatchewan, Canada.
Laurence Paul Cunningham (8 March 1956 – 15 July 1989) was an England international footballer. Cunningham was the first Englishman to play football for Real Madrid.
Robert Michael James Gascoyne-Cecil, 7th Marquess of Salisbury, (born 30 September 1946) is a British Conservative politician. During the 1990s, he was Leader of the House of Lords under his courtesy title of Viscount Cranborne. 
Robert Arthur James Gascoyne-Cecil, 5th Marquess of Salisbury, (27 August 1893 – 23 February 1972), known as Viscount Cranborne from 1903 to 1947, was a British Conservative politician.
William John Bowser (Rexton, New Brunswick December 3, 1867 – October 25, 1933 Vancouver) was a politician in British Columbia, Canada. He served as Premier of British Columbia from 1915 to 1916.
Mansfield is a small town in the foothills of the Victorian Alps in the Australian state of Victoria. It is approximately north-east of Melbourne by road. 
Glenn Hoddle (born 27 October 1957) is an English former footballer and manager. He now works as a television pundit and commentator for ITV Sport and BT Sport.
Linda Fabiani (born 14 December 1956 in Glasgow) is a Scottish politician, with Italian origins. A member of the Scottish National Party, she is the Member of the Scottish Parliament for East Kilbride.
Charles Albert Comiskey (August 15, 1859 – October 26, 1931), also nicknamed "Commy" or "The Old Roman", was an American Major League Baseball player, manager and team owner. He was a key person in the formation of the American League, and was also founding owner of the Chicago White Sox. 
Glenn Maitland Turner (born 26 May 1947) played cricket for New Zealand and was one of the country's best and most prolific batsmen. He is the current{[when}} head of the New Zealand Cricket selection panel.
Chouain is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Balesfeld in the Waldeifel region is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Bleialf is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Brecht is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Dauwelshausen is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Erez Tal (born Erez Ben-Tulila, ; born 27 July 1961) is an Israeli television host.
Echtershausen is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Feuerscheid is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Keppeshausen is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Otaci  is a town (population 8,400) on the southwestern bank of the Dniester River, which at that point forms the northeastern border of Moldova. On the opposite side of the Dniester lies the Ukrainian city of Mohyliv-Podilskyi, and the two municipalities are connected by a bridge over the river. Otaci is located in Ocnița District.
Stefan Groothuis (born 23 November 1981) is a retired Dutch speed skater. He is the World Sprint Champion for 2012 and the gold medal winner in the 1000 metres at the 2014 Winter Olympics.
Aldea del Rey is a municipality in the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a  population of 1.721 (1-1-20.16).
Argamasilla de Alba is a municipality in the Province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 6,791. 
Castellar de Santiago is a municipality in the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 2,213.
The Democratic and Agricultural Labour Party , more commonly referred to as the Christian Democratic Party , was a short-lived political party in Belize. It promoted Christian Democratic ideals.
Michel Armand Vorm (; born 20 October 1983) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Netherlands national team.
Tadeusz Pankiewicz (November 21, 1908 in Sambor – November 5, 1993 buried in Kraków), was a Polish Roman Catholic pharmacist, operating in the Kraków Ghetto during the Nazi German occupation of Poland. He was recognized as "Righteous Among the Nations" by Yad Vashem on February 10, 1983, for rescuing countless Jews from the Holocaust.
Cunewalde  or in the Sorbian language "Kumwałd" is a community in the district of Bautzen in the east of the federal Free State of Saxony in Germany. It lies between the cities of Bautzen and Löbau in a valley between the hills of the Czorneboh, the Hochstein and the Bieleboh, all part of the northernmost mountain ranges of the Lusatian Highlands. 
CFSX is an AM radio station in Stephenville, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, broadcasting at 870 kHz. Originally launched as a repeater on November 13, 1964, it opened its own studios in 1970. The station is owned by Stingray Digital Group Inc. It is an affiliate of VOCM.
The National Council for History Education  is a United States-based non-profit advocacy group that promotes the importance of history.
Olaf Hampel (sometimes shown as Olav Hampel, born 1 November 1965 in Bielefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German bobsledder who competed during the 1990s. Competing in two Winter Olympics, he won gold medals in the four-man event in both 1994 and 1998.
Balkan Beat Box  is an Israeli musical group founded by Tamir Muskat, Ori Kaplan and now including Tomer Yosef as a core member. The group plays Mediterranean-influenced music that incorporates Jewish, Southeastern Europe  and Middle Eastern traditions, Gypsy punk, reggae and electronica. 
Okwahu United is a Ghanaian professional football club based in Nkawkaw, Eastern Region. They are a competing in the Poly Tank Division One League. 
Navalpino is a municipality in Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. 
San Lorenzo de Calatrava is a municipality in the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 273.
Curepipe Starlight SC is a Mauritian football club based in Curepipe. They play in the Mauritian League, the top division in Mauritian football.
Angelino Soler Romagura (born Alcazar, 25 November 1939) is a former professional road bicycle racer from Spain who won the 1961 Vuelta a España. The following year, Soler captured three mountainous stages to win the climbers classification at the 1962 Giro d'Italia.
The Shyok River  flows through northern Ladakh in India and the Ghangche District of Gilgit–Baltistan of Pakistan spanning some .
Muzeon Park of Arts  is a park outside the Krymsky Val building in Moscow shared by the modern art division of Tretyakov Gallery and Central House of Artists. It is located between the Park Kultury and the Oktyabrskaya underground stations. 
Siem Reap  is the capital city of Siem Reap Province in northwestern Cambodia. It is a popular resort town and a gateway to the Angkor region.
Data Design System AS  supplies the construction industry with software tools for building information modelling .
Andrei Yurievich Sokolov (; born 20 March 1963, in Vorkuta, Komi ASSR, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a chess Grandmaster of Russian origin, now living in France. He was one of the leading players in the world in the late 1980s.
Spalding is a town located north of the Clare Valley in South Australia, Australia. At the , Spalding had a population of 212.
Ethel May Smith (July 5, 1907 – December 31, 1979) was a sprinter from Canada who won a bronze medal in the 100 m at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam, Netherlands. At the same games she helped the Canadian national team win the 4 × 100 m relay.
Racing Club Beirut , or simply Racing, is a Lebanese football club based in the Achrafieh district of Beirut. They play their home matches at the Fouad Shehab Stadium and are primarily supported by the Christian community.
Yelena Vladimirovna Soboleva (, born 3 August 1982 in Bryansk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian former middle-distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres.
Persema, an acronym for Persatuan Sepakbola Malang is an Indonesian football club based in Malang, East Java. They play in Liga 3. In the Indonesian media, the tautology Persema Malang is often used.
The Petaling Jaya City Council Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in the suburb of Kelana Jaya in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. The stadium was opened in 1996 and has a capacity of 25,000. It was built in time for the 1998 Commonwealth Games, and hosted the Games' rugby union matches.
Fredy Schmidtke (1 July 1961 – 1 December 2017) was a German track cyclist. He won a gold medal in the 1000 metres time trial at the 1984 Summer Olympics and finished eighth in the sprint.
Clube Desportivo Onze Unidos  is a football club that had played in the Premier division and plays in the Maio Island League in Cape Verde. It is based in the island of Maio Island. 
FC Neftchi Fergana  is an Uzbek football club based in Fergana. They play in the top division in Uzbekistani football and are multiple champions of Uzbekistan.
Emily Barclay (born 24 October 1984 in Plymouth, UK) is an English-born, New Zealand AFI award winning actress.
Cogoleto  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about west of Genoa. Its territory extends from the sea to the Ligurian Apennines; it is part of the Natural Regional Park of Monte Beigua.
Lumarzo  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about east of Genoa.
Neirone  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about east of Genoa. 
The Pinturas River  is a river in Patagonia, Argentina, running through the Pinturas River Canyon, near the Cueva de las Manos archeological site.
Ameglia  is a "comune"  in the Province of La Spezia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southeast of Genoa and about southeast of La Spezia.
Castelnuovo Magra  is a "comune"  in the Province of La Spezia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southeast of Genoa and about east of La Spezia. 
Zignago  is a "comune"  in the Province of La Spezia in the Italian region Liguria, located about east of Genoa and about north of La Spezia. 
Buguggiate is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about southwest of Varese. 
Villahermosa is a municipality located in the Province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 2,559.
Villarrubia de los Ojos is a municipality in Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2010 census the municipality has a population of 11,119.
Cavaria con Premezzo is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about south of Varese. 
Albaladejo del Cuende is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 385.
Albendea is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 169.
Gorla Minore is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about southeast of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 7,894 and an area of .
Luvinate is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about northwest of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,389 and an area of .
Oggiona con Santo Stefano is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about south of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,370 and an area of .
Sumirago is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 40 km northwest of Milan and about 10 km southwest of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,032 and an area of 11.5 km².
Vergiate is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km northwest of Milan and about 15 km southwest of Varese. 
Barni is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region of Italy. It is located around north of Milan and about northeast of Como.
Bulgarograsso  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about southwest of Como. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,283 and an area of .
Casnate con Bernate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, about north of Milan and about south of Como. As of 1 January 2010, it had a population of 4,908 and an area of .<br>
Cremia  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como, on the western shore of Lake Como.
Faloppio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about west of Como. 
Laino  is a "comune"  in the province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about north of Como. 
Lurago Marinone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy. The comune is located about northwest of Milan and about southwest of Como.
Olgiate Comasco  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about southwest of Como. It received the honorary title of city with a presidential decree in 1998.
Ponna  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about north of Como. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 264 and an area of .
Rodero  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about west of Como, on the border with Switzerland. 
Sorico  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,188 and an area of .
Turate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about southwest of Como. 
Veleso  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 275 and an area of .
Andalo Valtellino is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about west of Sondrio. 
Cedrasco is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about west of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 476 and an area of .
Faedo Valtellino is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southeast of Sondrio. 
Mantello is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about west of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 704 and an area of .
Prata Camportaccio is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northwest of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,758 and an area of .
Torre di Santa Maria is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about north of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 884 and an area of .
Villa di Tirano is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about east of Sondrio, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,997 and an area of .
Basiano  is a "comune"  in the province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan.
Bovisio-Masciago , is a "comune"  in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan.
Calvignasco  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southwest of Milan. 
Cavenago di Brianza is a "comune"  in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan. 
Concorezzo is a "comune"  in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan. It received the honorary title of city with a presidential decree on 25 September 1989.
Gessate  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan. 
Lentate sul Seveso is a "comune"  in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan.
Mesero  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about west of Milan.
Ozzero  is a "comune"  in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,337 and an area of .
Rescaldina is a "comune"  in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan.
San Zenone al Lambro  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan. 
CBCT-FM is a Canadian radio station. It is the CBC Radio One affiliate for all of Prince Edward Island, with studios in Charlottetown, broadcasting at 96.1 MHz .
Vimodrone  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is located about northeast of Milan. 
Antegnate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about east of Milan and about southeast of Bergamo. 
Boltiere  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southwest of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,695 and an area of .
Brusaporto  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southeast of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,524 and an area of .
Cassiglio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the northern Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about north of Bergamo. 
Cene  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo. 
Credaro  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about east of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,608 and an area of .
Fiorano al Serio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo. 
Ghisalba is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southeast of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2010, it had a population of 5,967 and an area of .
Isso  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about east of Milan and about southeast of Bergamo. 
Mezzoldo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about north of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 225 and an area of .
Oltressenda Alta  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 195 and an area of .
Parre  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,821 and an area of .
Ponte Nossa  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,048 and an area of .
Carabobo FC is a Venezuelan football team playing at the top level, the Venezuelan Primera División. It is based in Valencia.
Sarnico  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, about northeast of Milan and about east of Bergamo at the southern end of Lake Iseo. 
Spinone al Lago  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo, on the left bank of the Lake Endine. 
Ubiale Clanezzo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northwest of Bergamo. 
Verdellino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southwest of Bergamo. The town is easily reachable by train, the station of Verdello-Dalmine is in fact located on Verdellino's soil and the stop is one of several on the railroad line that connects the two cities of Bergamo and Milan. 
Cornalba is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2010, it had a population of 310 and an area of .
Barbianello is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km south of Milan and about 14 km southeast of Pavia.
Brallo di Pregola is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 80 km south of Milan and about 50 km south of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 832 and an area of 46.3 km².
Casatisma is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km south of Milan and about 15 km south of Pavia. 
Cergnago is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km southwest of Milan and about 30 km west of Pavia. As of 1 January 2018, it had a population of 719 and an area of 13.6 km².
Cozzo is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 40 km west of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 421 and an area of 17.4 km².
Gerenzago is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 35 km southeast of Milan and about 15 km east of Pavia.
Linarolo is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 35 km south of Milan and about 9 km east of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,200 and an area of 12.3 km².
Mezzana Rabattone is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about south of Milan and about southwest of Pavia.
Nicorvo is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km southwest of Milan and about 40 km northwest of Pavia. It is in the northern Lomellina, near the left bank of the Agogna river. 
Pizzale is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km south of Milan and about 20 km southwest of Pavia. 
Rocca Susella is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 60 km south of Milan and about 30 km south of Pavia. 
San Martino Siccomario is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 35 km south of Milan and about 4 km southwest of Pavia. It is now effectively part of Pavia metropolitan area.
Sommo is a "comune"  in the province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, about 40 km south of Milan and about 8 km southwest of Pavia, on the eastern border of Lomellina traditional region.
Black-eyed Pea is a United States restaurant chain, with outlets primarily in Colorado.
Trivolzio is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 25 km southwest of Milan and about 12 km northwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,333 and an area of 3.9 km².
Verretto is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km south of Milan and about 15 km south of Pavia. 
Zerbo is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km southeast of Milan and about 20 km southeast of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 465 and an area of 6.4 km².
Capergnanica  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan, about south of Bergamo and about northwest of Cremona. 
Castelverde  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northwest of Cremona.
Gadesco-Pieve Delmona  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northeast of Cremona.
Martignana di Po  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about southeast of Cremona.
Persico Dosimo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northeast of Cremona.
Ripalta Guerina  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northwest of Cremona. 
Soresina  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northwest of Cremona.
Vailate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about east of Milan and about northwest of Cremona. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,299 and an area of .
Casalromano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about west of Mantua. , it had a population of 1,568 and an area of .
Gonzaga  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about south of Mantua. 
Monzambano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about east of Milan and about northwest of Mantua.
Rodigo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about east of Milan and about northwest of Mantua.
Sustinente  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about southeast of Mantua.
Colle Santa Lucia  is a "comune"  in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region of Veneto, located about north of Venice and about northwest of Belluno. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 408 and an area of . 
Livinallongo del Col di Lana  is a "comune"  in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto, located about north of Venice and about northwest of Belluno.
Rocca Pietore is a "comune"  in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto, located about north of Venice and about northwest of Belluno.
Georg Friedrich von Reichenbach (24 August 1771 – 21 May 1826), German scientific instrument maker, was born at Durlach in Baden on 24 August 1771.
Castelcucco is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about northwest of Venice and about northwest of Treviso. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,076 and an area of .
Gorgo al Monticano is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about northeast of Venice and about northeast of Treviso.
Morgano is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about northwest of Venice and about west of Treviso. 
Povegliano is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about north of Venice and about northwest of Treviso.
San Polo di Piave is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about north of Venice and about northeast of Treviso. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,845 and an area of .
Vedelago  is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about northwest of Venice, about east of Vicenza, about north of Padua and about west of Treviso.
Baone is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about southwest of Padua. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,133 and an area of .
Candiana is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about southeast of Padua. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,468 and an area of .
Conselve is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about south of Padua. It has a population of 10,486 and an area of .
Legnaro is a "comune" in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about southeast of Padua. As of 31 December, 2010, it had a population of 8,594 and an area of .
Noventa Padovana is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about east of Padua.
Rubano is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about northwest of Padua. As of 31 December 2011, it had a population of 15,669 and an area of .
The Jersey official football team represents the British Crown Dependency of Jersey in non-FIFA international matches.
Veggiano is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about northwest of Padua.
Ariano nel Polesine is a "comune"  in the Province of Rovigo in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about southeast of Rovigo.
Taglio di Po is a "comune"  in the Province of Rovigo in the Italian region Veneto, located about south of Venice and about east of Rovigo, in the lower Polesine.
Arta Terme  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Udine in the Val Bût, part of the Alpine traditional region of Carnia.
Buttrio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, with a population of 4,050 people, located about northwest of Trieste and about southeast of Udine.
Colloredo di Monte Albano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Udine.
Fagagna  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Udine. As of 2011, it had a population of 6,279 and an area of .
Malborghetto Valbruna  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia. 
Osoppo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Udine. 
Pontebba  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
Ragogna  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Udine. 
San Giorgio di Nogaro  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about south of Udine. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 7,417 and an area of .
Stregna  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northeast of Udine, on the border with Slovenia, and borders the following municipalities: Grimacco, Kanal ob Soči , San Leonardo, and Prepotto. The name of the settlement comes from the Slovene word "srednje", meaning "the middle one".
Tricesimo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about north of Udine. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 7,471 and an area of .
Cormons  is a "comune"  in the Province of Gorizia in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about west of Gorizia, on the border with Slovenia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 7,639 and an area of .
Staranzano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Gorizia in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about southwest of Gorizia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,812 and an area of .
Farini  is a "comune"  in the Province of Piacenza in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about southwest of Piacenza. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,744 and an area of .
Felino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Parma in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about southwest of Parma. As of 2011 it had a population of 8,621.
Palanzano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Parma in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about south of Parma. 
Traversetolo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Parma in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about south of Parma. 
Casina  is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Emilia in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about southwest of Reggio Emilia. 
San Martino in Rio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Emilia in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northwest of Bologna and about northeast of Reggio Emilia. 
Concordia sulla Secchia  is a "comune"  in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northwest of Bologna and about north of Modena.
Medolla  is a "comune"  in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northwest of Bologna and about northeast of Modena. 
San Cesario sul Panaro  is a "comune"  in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northwest of Bologna and about southeast of Modena. Sports car manufacturer Pagani is located here.
Baricella  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northeast of Bologna. 
Skydiggers are a Canadian roots rock band from Toronto formed by Andy Maize and Josh Finlayson. Their most successful album is "Restless", released in 1992.
The Tuscarawas River is a principal tributary of the Muskingum River, 129.9 miles (209 km) long, in northeastern Ohio in the United States. Via the Muskingum and Ohio rivers, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River, draining an area of on glaciated and unglaciated portions of the Allegheny Plateau.
Florida Memorial University is a private historically Black university in Miami Gardens, Florida. It is a member of the United Negro College Fund and historically related to Baptists although it claims a focus on broader Christianity.
Disney Cruise Line is a cruise line operation that is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company. The company was incorporated in 1996 as Magical Cruise Company Limited and is domiciled in London, England, with their operational headquarters located in Celebration, Florida.
Aveley is a small town within the Thurrock unitary authority in Essex, England, and forms one of its traditional Church of England parishes. It is a suburb of London located 16.3 miles (26.2 km) east of Charing Cross in London and within the eastern bounds of the M25 motorway.
Acoustic Alchemy is an English smooth jazz band formed in England in the early 1980s by Nick Webb and Simon James.
Benjamin Wright Raymond (June 15, 1801April 6, 1883) was an American politician who twice served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1839–1840, 1842–1843) for the Whig Party.
The Chari River, or Shari River, is a long river, flowing in Central Africa.
Bosaso  is a city in the northeastern Bari province  of Somalia. It is the seat of the Bosaso District. 
Jupiter Island is a barrier island on the coast of Martin
Deniece Williams (born June Deniece Chandler; June 3, 1951) is an American singer, songwriter and producer. Williams has been described as "one of the great soul voices" by the BBC. 
Gabrielle Anwar (born 4 February 1970) is an English-American actress known for her roles as Sam Black in the second series of "Press Gang", Margaret Tudor on "The Tudors", Fiona Glenanne on "Burn Notice", Lady Tremaine in the seventh season of "Once Upon a Time", and for dancing the tango with Al Pacino in "Scent of a Woman".
Robin Charles Moreton Harper, (born 4 August 1940) is a Scottish politician, and was a Member of the Scottish Parliament  for the Lothians region (1999–2011). He was co-convener of the Scottish Green Party (2004–2008). 
Thelonious Monster is a punk rock band from Los Angeles, led by singer-songwriter Bob Forrest. Active from 1983 to 1994, and again since 2004, the band has released five original studio albums. 
Deutschnofen  is a "comune"  in the province of South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about southeast of the city of Bolzano.
Tay FM is a commercial Independent Local Radio station serving Dundee, Perth and the general Tayside area in Scotland. The station is owned and operated by Bauer Radio and forms part of the Hits Radio network. 
Opshop is a New Zealand rock band who formed in 2002. They released their first album, "You Are Here" in 2004, their second album "Second Hand Planet" in 2007, and their third album "Until The End Of Time", which debuted at number one on the New Zealand Album Charts, in 2010.
Edwin H. "Eddie" Kramer (born 19 April 1942 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a recording producer and engineer. Kramer has collaborated with several artists now in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, including the Beatles, David Bowie, Eric Clapton, Jimi Hendrix, The Kinks, Kiss, Led Zeppelin, the Rolling Stones, John Mellencamp, and Carlos Santana.
Paul Anthony Pierce (born October 13, 1977) is an American former professional basketball player who played 19 seasons in the National Basketball Association . He is currently an analyst on ESPN's "NBA Countdown".
Valentin Petrovich Glushko (, "Valentin Petrovich Glushko"; , "Valentyn Petrovych Hlushko"; born 2 September 1908 – 10 January 1989), was a Soviet engineer, and designer of rocket engines during the Soviet/American Space Race.
Liberal People's Party (from 2001 "Liberals"; ) was a liberal party in Finland, founded in 1965 as a reunification of the People's Party of Finland and Liberal League.
Alan Dupree Wheat (born October 16, 1951) is an American politician from the state of Missouri.
Jim Henson Television is the television production arm of The Jim Henson Company. Jim Henson Television has developed many creative shows over the span of four decades.
Pocket Books is a division of Simon & Schuster that primarily publishes paperback books.
Charles Walter Stenholm (born October 26, 1938) is a Democratic Party politician from the State of Texas. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives for 13 terms, from 1979 to 2005.
Todd Benjamin Heap (born March 16, 1980) is a former American football tight end who played 12 seasons in the National Football League .
James Gerlach (born February 25, 1955) is the former U.S. Representative for , serving from 2003 to 2015. He is a member of the Republican Party. 
Kevin Patrick Brady (born April 11, 1955) is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 1997. He is a member of the Republican Party. 
Jaime Lachica Cardinal Sin (Chinese: 辛海梅; 辛海棉 POJ "Sin Hái-mûi"; "Sin Hái-mî"; ; August 31, 1928 – June 21, 2005) was the 30th Roman Catholic Archbishop of Manila, and was also a Cardinal.
Ferdinand Maria (31 October 1636 – 26 May 1679) was a Wittelsbach ruler of Bavaria and an elector  of the Holy Roman Empire from 1651 to 1679.
Handsome Lake   (1735 – 10 August 1815) was a Seneca religious leader of the Iroquois people. He was a half-brother to Cornplanter, a Seneca war chief.
John Michael McHugh (born September 29, 1948) is an American politician from the U.S. state of New York who served as the 21st United States Secretary of the Army, and represented the state's 23rd congressional district in the United States House of Representatives.
Gay Street is a short, angled street that marks off one block of Greenwich Village in the New York City borough of Manhattan. The street's name does not refer to the LGBT character of Greenwich Village, or to any other LGBT issues for that matter. 
Antigonus III Doson  was king of Macedon from 229 BC to 221 BC. He was a member of the Antigonid dynasty.
Richard Darryl Zanuck (December 13, 1934 – July 13, 2012) was an American film producer. His 1989 film "Driving Miss Daisy" won the Academy Award for Best Picture. 
Pearls Before Swine was an American psychedelic folk band formed by Tom Rapp in 1965 in Eau Gallie, now part of Melbourne, Florida. They released six albums between 1967 and 1971, before Rapp launched a solo career.
The Kenai River called "Kahtnu" in the Dena'ina language, is the longest river in the Kenai Peninsula of south central Alaska. It runs westward from Kenai Lake in the Kenai Mountains, through the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge and Skilak Lake to its outlet into the Cook Inlet of the Pacific Ocean near Kenai and Soldotna.
Murat Magometovich Zyazikov  (born September 10, 1957) is an Ingush politician who was the second president of the southern Russian republic of Ingushetia. He was born in what is now Kyrgyzstan. 
Craig Parker (born 12 November 1970) is a New Zealand actor, known for his roles as Haldir in the films "" (2001) and "" (2002), Darken Rahl in the television series "Legend of the Seeker", Stéphane Narcisse in the CW television series "Reign", and Gaius Claudius Glaber in the television series "Spartacus".
Toby McKeehan (born Kevin Michael McKeehan; October 22, 1964), better known by his stage name TobyMac , is a Christian hip hop recording artist, music producer, songwriter and author.
The Selawik River is a stream, long, in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Alaska. Originating in the Purcell Mountains near the Zane Hills, it flows generally west through the Selawik National Wildlife Refuge to Selawik Lake, which empties into the Kotzebue Sound in the Chukchi Sea. 
Alaverdi , is a town and municipal community in the Lori Province at the northeastern part of Armenia, near the border with Georgia. It is located at the only direct rail link between Armenia and Georgia. 
WHTZ (100.3 FM) – branded Z100 – is a commercial Top 40  radio station licensed to Newark, New Jersey and serving the New York metropolitan area. Owned by iHeartMedia, WHTZ is the flagship station for "Elvis Duran and the Morning Show". The WHTZ studios are located at the former AT&T Building in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan, while the station's transmitter is located at the Empire State Building.
The Breeze is a United Kingdom radio station in Weston-super-Mare, in North Somerset. The station is owned by Bauer Radio, and is part of The Breeze network of stations. The studios are based in Bristol and Southampton.
Henry Labouchere, 1st Baron Taunton, PC (; 15 August 179813 July 1869) was a prominent British Whig and Liberal Party politician of the mid-19th century.
Village Roadshow Limited , is an Australian mass media and entertainment company active in a diversity of fields, including cinema, theme parks, film production and distribution. The company is a publicly listed entity on the Australian Securities Exchange. It is majority owned by Village Roadshow Corporation, run by CEO Robert Kirby, John Kirby and Graham Burke.
Maclas is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Nicholas Bowen "Topper" Headon (born 30 May 1955), known as "Topper" because of his resemblance to Mickey the Monkey from the "Topper" comic, is an English drummer, best known as the drummer of the punk rock band The Clash.
Mary Rosalyn Gentle (born 29 March 1956) is a UK science fiction and fantasy author.
Monica Potter (born Monica Gregg Brokaw; June 30, 1971) is an American actress. She is known for her starring roles in the films "Con Air" (1997), "Patch Adams" (1998), and "Along Came a Spider" (2001). She also appeared in the horror films "Saw" (2004) and the 2009 remake of "The Last House on the Left".
André Lamar Phillips (born September 5, 1959 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is a retired American Track and Field athlete who is best known for winning the 400 metres hurdles gold medal at the 1988 Olympic Games.
Kevin C. Young (born in September 16, 1966) is a former American athlete. He was the winner of the 400 metres hurdles at the 1992 Summer Olympics. 
Martinborough  is a town in the South Wairarapa District, in the Wellington region of New Zealand. It is 65 kilometres east of Wellington and 35 kilometres south-west of Masterton. The town has a resident population of 
Staples Canada Inc.  is a Canadian office supply retail chain. It is owned by Sycamore Partners, owner of its U.S. parent Staples Inc. The Canadian operation is headquartered in Richmond Hill, Ontario.
Mahinda  was a Buddhist monk depicted in Buddhist sources as bringing Buddhism to Sri Lanka. He was the first-born son of the Mauryan emperor Ashoka from his wife Devi and the elder brother of Sanghamitra.
William Ogilby (1808–1873) was an Irish barrister and naturalist.
Isparta  is a city in western Turkey and the capital of Isparta Province. The city's population was 222,556 in 2010 and its elevation is 1035 m. It is known as the "City of Roses".
Martano  is a town and "comune" of 9,573 inhabitants in the province of Lecce in Apulia, Italy, from Lecce and from Otranto. It is the biggest town of Grecìa Salentina, a Greek-speaking area where the elders can also speak an ancient dialect called "Griko".
Fedor Ivanovich Tolbukhin (; June 16, 1894 – October 17, 1949) was a Soviet military commander.
The Freedom Conservative Party of Alberta is an Albertan autonomist libertarian/libertarian-conservative political party in Alberta, Canada.
Hempstead Washburne (November 11, 1851April 13, 1918) was a Republican attorney and politician who served as mayor of Chicago, Illinois from 1891 to 1893. He was the son of Elihu B. Washburne.
The Common Wealth Party  was a socialist political party in the United Kingdom in the Second World War. Thereafter, it continued in being, essentially as a pressure group, until 1993.
The Rat Islands  are a volcanic group of islands in the Aleutian Islands in southwest Alaska, between Buldir Island and the Near Islands group to its west, and Amchitka Pass and the Andreanof Islands group to its east, at about .
George Clifton James (May 29, 1920 – April 15, 2017) was an American actor, best known for his roles as Sheriff J.W. Pepper alongside Roger Moore in the "James Bond" films "Live and Let Die" (1973) and "The Man with the Golden Gun" (1974), the sheriff in "Silver Streak" (1976), a Texas tycoon in "The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training" (1977), as the owner of the scandalous 1919 Chicago White Sox baseball team in "Eight Men Out" (1988), and earlier in his acting career as a prison floorwalker in "Cool Hand Luke" (1967).
Kaikohe is a town in the Far North District of New Zealand, situated on State Highway 12 about 260 km from Auckland. It is the largest inland town and highest community above sea level in the Northland Region. 
The Constitutional Movement was a right wing political group in the United Kingdom. It was formed in 1979 by Andrew Fountaine as the National Front Constitutional Movement, a splinter group from the National Front. 
The University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff  is a public historically black university located in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, United States. Founded in 1873, the second oldest public institution in the state of Arkansas. UAPB is a member-school of the University of Arkansas System and Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
Turisas is a Finnish metal band from Hämeenlinna. They were founded in 1997 by Mathias Nygård and Jussi Wickström, and named after an ancient Finnish god of war.
Ohakune  is a small town in the North Island of New Zealand, situated north of Wellington and south of Auckland. It is located at the southern end of the Tongariro National Park, close to the southwestern slopes of the active volcano Mount Ruapehu. Located within the Manawatu-Wanganui region, the town is northeast of Wanganui and west of Waiouru.
The Cromford and High Peak Railway  in Derbyshire, England, was completed in 1831, to carry minerals and goods between the Cromford Canal wharf at High Peak Junction and the Peak Forest Canal at Whaley Bridge 
The Party Human Environment Animal Protection  is a political party in Germany, founded in 1993. In 2014 one candidate was elected to the European Parliament. As of December 2014 the party has no members in the state parliaments, the European Parliament or the Bundestag.
Ballyshannon  is a town in County Donegal, Ireland. It is located at the southern end of the county where the N3 from Dublin ends and the N15 crosses the River Erne. Incorporated in 1613, it is the oldest town in Ireland.
Saint-Jean-de-Luz  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Lucius Shepard (August 21, 1943 – March 18, 2014) was an American writer. Classified as a science fiction and fantasy writer, he often leaned into other genres, such as magical realism. 
Brian David Kendrick (born May 29, 1979) is an American professional wrestler and promoter currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the cruiserweight-exclusive 205 Live brand under the ring name The Brian Kendrick.
Horacio Silvestre Quiroga Forteza (31 December 1878 – 19 February 1937) was a Uruguayan playwright, poet, and short story writer.
The Three Mills are former working mills and an island of the same name on the River Lea. It is one of London’s oldest extant industrial centres. The mills lie in the London Borough of Newham; and, despite lying on the Newham side of the Lea, access is principally from the western, London Borough of Tower Hamlets, side of the river. 
Yulin , alternately romanized as Watlam, is one of the fourteen prefecture-level cities of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China. Its Chinese name was changed in 1956 from the historical name "" , which only sounds the same in Mandarin as the current one, but very different in the local dialect of Yue Chinese; "" is uat˥ while "" is ȵok˨. The former romanization follows the pronunciation of the historical name in Yue Chinese. 
Lions Gate Entertainment Corp., doing business as Lionsgate , is an American entertainment company. It was formed on July 10, 1997, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and is currently headquartered in Santa Monica, California, United States. 
Hazen Street  is a supergroup that formed in early 2004.
William Kirby (19 September 1759 – 4 July 1850) was an English entomologist, an original member of the Linnean Society and a Fellow of the Royal Society, as well as a country priest, making him an eminent parson-naturalist. He is considered the "founder of entomology".
Captiva Island is an island in Lee County, Florida, located just offshore in the Gulf of Mexico. Captiva Island is just north of Sanibel Island.
Laure Manaudou (; born 9 October 1986) is a retired French Olympic, world and European champion swimmer. She has held the world record in freestyle events between 200 and 1500 meter. 
Fort Crawford was an outpost of the United States Army located in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin, during the 19th century.
, better known by his stage name hide, was a Japanese musician, singer, songwriter and record producer. He is primarily known for his work as lead guitarist of the heavy metal band X Japan. 
Selebi-Phikwe  is a mining town located in the Central District of Botswana. It had a population of 49,724 in 2011 which is now estimated to have risen to c.52,000. 
Paul Matschie (11 August 1861, Brandenburg an der Havel – 7 March 1926, Friedenau) was a German zoologist.
Melle is a city in the district of Osnabrück, Lower Saxony, Germany. The city corresponds to what used to be the district of Melle until regional territorial reform in 1972. 
Stina Nordenstam (born Kristina Ulrika Nordenstam, 4 March 1969) is a Swedish singer, songwriter and musician.
Axel Cäsar Springer (2 May 1912 – 22 September 1985) was a German journalist and the founder and owner of the Axel Springer SE publishing company.
José Pedro Mourão Lamy Viçoso, , known as Pedro Lamy (; born 20 March 1972) is a Portuguese professional racing driver currently racing in endurance races teaming up with Mathias Lauda and gentleman driver Paul Dalla Lana. He was the first Portuguese driver to score a point in a Formula One World Championship event, in the 1995 Australian Grand Prix, for Minardi.
Halver is a town in the Märkischer Kreis district, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It has a population of 18,083 (2004) and covers an area of 77.37 km², of which 51% are used for agricultural purposes and 35% are forest. It is located in the hills of the Sauerland; at its highest elevation it is 440 m above sea level.
Lotteria is a chain of fast food restaurants in East Asia that grew out of its first shop in Tokyo, Japan in September 1972. Taking its name from its parent company, Lotte Corporation, it currently has franchises in Japan, South Korea, Indonesia, Vietnam, Cambodia and Myanmar. 
The Polytechnic University of Turin  is a public university based in Turin, Italy. Established in 1859, it is Italy’s oldest technical university. 
Crewkerne  is a town and electoral ward in Somerset, England, situated south west of Yeovil and east of Chard in the South Somerset district close to the border with Dorset. The civil parish of West Crewkerne includes the hamlets of Woolminstone and Henley. The town lies on the River Parrett, A30 road and West of England Main Line railway.
The South Carolina Senate is the upper house of the South Carolina General Assembly, the lower house being the South Carolina House of Representatives. It consists of 46 senators elected from single member districts for four-year terms at the same time as United States Presidential elections.
George Washington Custis Lee (September 16, 1832 – February 18, 1913), also known as Custis Lee, was the eldest son of Robert E. Lee and Mary Anna Custis Lee. His grandfather—George Washington Custis—was the step-grandson and adopted son of George Washington. He served as a Confederate general in the American Civil War, primarily as an aide-de-camp to President Jefferson Davis, and succeeded his father as president of Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia.
Ludvig Mylius-Erichsen (15 January 1872 – 25 November 1907) was a Danish author, ethnologist, and explorer, from Ringkøbing. He was most notably an explorer of Greenland. 
Renco Group is a New York City-based holding company controlled by Ira Rennert that invests in other companies across a range of industries.
Anatoly Konstantinovich Lyadov or Liadov  was a Russian composer, teacher and conductor.
Alexander Andreyevich Baranov  (1747–16 April 1819), sometimes spelled Aleksandr or Alexandr and Baranof, was a Russian trader and merchant, who worked for some time in Siberia. He was recruited by the Shelikov Company for trading in Russian America, beginning in 1790 with a five-year contract as manager of the outpost. He continued to serve past the end date of his contract.
The River Ouzel , also known as the River Lovat, is a river in England, and a tributary of the River Great Ouse. It rises in the Chiltern Hills and flows 20 miles north to join the Ouse at Newport Pagnell.
Imola  is a city and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna, located on the river Santerno, in the Emilia-Romagna region of northern Italy. The city is traditionally considered the western entrance to the historical region Romagna.
"For his father, also an Olympic swimmer, see Gary Hall, Sr."
The Chiricahua Mountains massif is a large mountain range in southeastern Arizona which is part of the Basin and Range province of the west and southwest USA and northwest Mexico; the range is part of the Coronado National Forest. The highest point, Chiricahua Peak, rises above sea level, approximately above the surrounding valleys.
The River Irwell  is a long river which flows through the Irwell Valley in North West England. Its source is at Irwell Springs on Deerplay Moor, approximately north of Bacup. It forms the boundary between Manchester and Salford and empties into the River Mersey near Irlam.
The National Democratic and Labour Party, usually abbreviated to National Democratic Party , was a short-lived political party in the United Kingdom.
Minjiang University  is a public university located in Minhou County, Fuzhou, Fujian, China. The university is a comprehensive, multi-disciplinary university accredited by the Chinese Education Ministry the right to confer undergraduate degrees to students in China.
Hebei Normal University  is a university in Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, China. It is a provincial key university with more than 100 years history, and is supported by both Hebei Province and Education Department of China .
Zhengzhou University , colloquially known in a Chinese as Zhèngdà  is a public university located in Zhengzhou, Henan, People's Republic of China. Zhengzhou University is the largest university in China in term of student number (73,000 students). 
Dalian University  is a university in Dalian, Liaoning, China under the provincial government.
Inner Mongolia University is a university in Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, China, under the authority of the Inner Mongolia regional government. It is a Chinese Ministry of Education Double First Class Discipline University, with Double First Class status in certain disciplines.
The University of Science and Technology of China  is a national research university in Hefei, Anhui, China, under the direct leadership of the Chinese Academy of Sciences . It is a member of the C9 League, China's equivalent of the Ivy League. It is also a Chinese Ministry of Education Class A Double First Class University.
Shanghai Maritime University  is a public university in Shanghai, People's Republic of China. Shanghai Maritime University is multidisciplinary with six fields of study: Engineering, Management, Economics, Literature, Science and Law. 
Boubacar Diallo Telli (1925 – February 1977) was a Guinean diplomat and politician. He helped found the Organisation of African Unity  and was the first secretary-general of the OAU between 1964 and 1972. After serving as Minister of Justice in Guinea for four years he was executed by starvation by the regime of Ahmed Sékou Touré at Camp Boiro in 1977.
The River Irk is a river in North West England that flows through the northern suburbs and towns of Greater Manchester.
Alban Uzoma Nwapa (born 26 August 1957 in Oguta), better known by his stage name Dr. Alban, is a Nigerian-born Swedish recording artist and producer with his own record label, Dr. Records. His music can best be described as a Eurodance/hip-hop reggae in a dancehall style. 
The River Esk , also called the Border Esk, is a river in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland, that flows into the Solway Firth. It also flows for a small way through the English county of Cumbria before entering the Solway.
The Mount Kumgang Tourist Region is a special administrative region of North Korea. It was established in 2002 to handle South Korean tourist traffic to Mount Kumgang .
Central Ontario is a secondary region of Southern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario that lies between Georgian Bay and the eastern end of Lake Ontario.
The Yser Tower  is a memorial along the Belgian Yser river in Diksmuide. It is a peace monument and commemorates the soldiers killed on the Yser Front during World War I. It is also an important place within the Flemish Movement.
Beijing Financial Street , or Beijing Jinrong Street  , is where Chinese regulatory agencies are located. According to 13th 5 years plan, Beijing Financial Street will be positioned more towards a regulatory agencies' precinct. The street is located inside Beijing's innermost 2nd Ring Road.
Michael Kahn (born December 8, 1935) is an American film editor. His credits range from TV's "Hogan's Heroes" to feature films directed by George C. Scott  and Steven Spielberg, with whom he has had an extended, notable collaboration for over 40 years.
David James George Hennessy, 3rd Baron Windlesham and Baron Hennessy, (28 January 1932 – 21 December 2010) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom who held visiting professorships at various universities.
Richard Tauber (16 May 1891 – 8 January 1948) was an Austrian tenor and film actor.
Floor Jansen (; born 21 February 1981) is a Dutch singer, songwriter, and vocal coach. She is currently the lead vocalist of Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish.
Wang Cheng-pang (; born 12 January 1987) is a Taiwanese professional archer representing Chinese Taipei.
Denys Olegovich Sylantyev (; born 3 October 1976) is a Ukrainian politician and retired swimmer. He competed at four consecutive Olympics between 1996 and 2008 and who won a silver medal in the 200 m butterfly in 2000. At the next Olympics he was the flag bearer for Ukraine.
Michigan Stadium, nicknamed "The Big House", is the football stadium for the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It is the largest stadium in the United States, the second largest stadium in the world and the 34th largest sports venue. 
Gabriola Island is one of the Gulf Islands in the Strait of Georgia in British Columbia , Canada. It is about east of Nanaimo on Vancouver Island, to which it is linked by a 20-minute ferry service. It has a land area of about and a resident population of slightly over 4,000.
The village of Lescun is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
San Pietro di Castello , formerly Olivolo , is an island in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy, forming part of the Castello sestiere. It is linked to the main islands of Venice by two bridges.
Olympiastadion  is a stadium located in Munich, Germany. Situated at the heart of the "Olympiapark München" in northern Munich, the stadium was built as the main venue for the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Guido Pieter Theodorus Josephus Gezelle (1 May 1830 – 27 November 1899) was an influential writer and poet and a Roman Catholic priest from Belgium. He is famous for the use of the West Flemish dialect.
The Tampa Bay Area is a major populated area surrounding Tampa Bay on the west coast of Florida in the United States. 
Ivanovo  is a city and the administrative center of Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, located from Moscow and approximately from Yaroslavl, Vladimir, and Kostroma. Population: It was previously known as "Ivanovo-Voznesensk" (until 1932).
Viborg , a city in central Jutland, Denmark, is the capital of both Viborg municipality and Region Midtjylland. Viborg is also the seat of the Western High Court, the High Court for the Jutland peninsula. 
Vidisha, , and known as "Besnagar" in ancient times, is a city in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.
Abu Musa  is a 12.8 square kilometer (4.9 sq mi) island in the eastern Persian Gulf near the entrance to the Strait of Hormuz. Due to the depth of sea, oil tankers and big ships have to pass between Abu Musa and Greater and Lesser Tunbs; this makes these islands some of the most strategic points in the Persian Gulf. The island is administered by Iran as part of its province of Hormozgan, but is also claimed by the United Arab Emirates as a territory of the emirate of Sharjah.
Fortis Inc. is a St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador based international diversified electric utility holding company. It operates in Canada, the United States, Central America, and the Caribbean. 
Mary Christine Brockert (March 5, 1956 – December 26, 2010), better known by her stage name Teena Marie, was an American singer-songwriter, and producer. She was known by her childhood nickname Tina before taking the stage name Teena Marie and later acquired the nickname Lady Tee , given to her by her collaborator and friend, Rick James.
Vitina  or Vitia  is a town and municipality located in the Gjilan District of Kosovo. According to the 2011 census, the town of Vitina has 4,924 inhabitants, while the municipality has 46,987 inhabitants.
Fluke is an English electronic music group formed in the late 1980s by Mike Bryant, Jon Fugler and Mike Tournier. The band's conception was influenced by the members' interest in the burgeoning acid house music scene and particularly the work of Cabaret Voltaire and Giorgio Moroder.
Li Ning (born March 10, 1963 in Laibin, Guangxi) is a retired Chinese gymnast and entrepreneur. He founded the sportswear company Li-Ning.
Aleen May Bailey (born 25 November 1980 in Saint Mary) is a track and field sprint specialist, competing internationally for Jamaica.
Roman Rostislavich  (died 1180), Prince of Smolensk (1160–1172, 1177–1180), Grand Prince of Kiev (1171–1173, 1175–1177) and Prince of Novgorod (1178–1179). He was the son of Rostislav Mstislavich.
St George is a town and locality in the Shire of Balonne, Queensland, Australia. It is the administrative centre for the Shire of Balonne. In the 2016 census, St George had a population of 2,395 people.
Jimboomba is a growing town and locality in Logan City, Queensland, Australia. In the 2016 census, Jimboomba had a population of 13,201 people.
Paul-Albert Besnard (2 June 1849 – 4 December 1934) was a French painter and printmaker.
Heart Norwich  was an Independent Local Radio station for Norfolk and North Suffolk, including Norwich, Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft, until early 2009. The station, now part of the national Heart Network, is owned and operated by Global Radio.
Charles Fambrough (August 25, 1950January 1, 2011) was an American jazz bassist, composer and record producer from Philadelphia.
Leslie Mark Hughes, OBE (born 1 November 1963) is a Welsh football manager and former player, who was most recently manager of Premier League club Southampton.
Casino is a town in the Northern Rivers area of New South Wales, Australia, with a population of 10,914 people at the . It lies on the banks of the Richmond River and is situated at the junction of the Bruxner Highway and the Summerland Way.
Punggol , alternatively spelled as Ponggol, is a planning area and new town situated on the Tanjong Punggol peninsula in the North-East Region of Singapore. The town directly borders Sengkang to the south and shares riverine boundaries with the planning area of Seletar to the west and Pasir Ris to the east. 
James Albert Edward Hamilton, 3rd Duke of Abercorn (30 November 1869 – 12 September 1953), styled Marquess of Hamilton between 1885 and 1913, was a British peer and Unionist politician. He was the first Governor of Northern Ireland, a post he held between 1922 and 1945. He was a great-grandfather of Diana, Princess of Wales.
Ingvar Yaroslavich , Prince of Dorogobuzh, Prince of Lutsk, Grand Prince of Kiev (1202 and 1214), Prince of Volodymyr-Volynskyi (1207). Son of Yaroslav Izyaslavich, great-grandson of Vladimir Monomakh.
Kate McGarrigle, CM (February 6, 1946 – January 18, 2010) was a Canadian folk music singer-songwriter, who wrote and performed as a duo with her sister Anna McGarrigle.
Elena Lupescu (15 September 1895 – 29 June 1977) better known as Magda Lupescu, was the mistress of King Carol II of Romania and married him after his abdication.
Solid State Logic  is a manufacturer of high-end mixing consoles and recording studio hardware headquartered in Begbroke, Oxfordshire, England.
Charles John Pedersen (October 3, 1904 – October 26, 1989) was an American organic chemist best known for describing methods of synthesizing crown ethers during his entire 42-year career as a chemist for the Jackson Laboratory at DuPont Company in Wilmington, Delaware. Often associated with Reed McNeil Izatt, Pedersen also shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1987 with Donald J. Cram and Jean-Marie Lehn. 
Maningrida is an Aboriginal community in the heart of the Arnhem Land region of Australia's Northern Territory. Maningrida is east of Darwin, and north east of Jabiru. At the 2016 census, Maningrida had a population of 2,308.
Loverboy is a Canadian rock band formed in 1979 in Calgary, Alberta. Loverboy's hit singles, particularly "Turn Me Loose" and "Working for the Weekend", have become arena rock staples and are still heard on many classic rock and classic hits radio stations across Canada and the United States. The band is based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Lee Quincy Calhoun (February 23, 1933 – June 21, 1989) was an American athlete, a double winner of 110 m hurdles at the Olympic Games.
The Liberty Union Party  of Vermont is a democratic socialist political party founded in 1970 by former Congressman William H. Meyer, Peter Diamondstone, Dennis Morrisseau and others.
Carey Lowell (born February 11, 1961) is an American actress and former model.
KBHE-FM (89.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a public radio format. The station is licensed to Rapid City, South Dakota, United States, and currently owned by South Dakota Board of Directors For Ed. 
Caino  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy located in the Valle del Garza. It is bounded by other communes of Nave and Lumezzane.
Castel Gabbiano  is a "comune" in the north of the Province of Cremona, in Lombardy, northern Italy.
Paul Quinn College  is a private historically black Methodist college in Dallas, Texas. The college is affiliated with the African Methodist Episcopal Church . It is the oldest historically black college west of the Mississippi River and the nation's first urban work college. 
Malfunkshun is an alternative rock band formed on Easter Sunday in 1980 by Andrew Wood and his brother Kevin Wood and is often recognized as one of the "Founding Fathers of the grunge scene" or the "Godfathers of Grunge". They formed around the same time as bands such as The U-Men (1981), Melvins (1983), Green River (1984) and Soundgarden (1984).
Balgonie (2006 population 1,384; UA population 1,384) is a town in located in the White Butte area of south-eastern Saskatchewan.
Cevo  is an Italian "comune" in Val Camonica, province of Brescia, Lombardy, northern Italy.
The Senate of Puerto Rico  is the upper house of the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico, the territorial legislature of Puerto Rico. The Senate, together with the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico, control the legislative branch of the government of Puerto Rico.
The House of Representatives of Puerto Rico  is the lower house of the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico, the bicameral territorial legislature of Puerto Rico. The House, together with the Senate, control the legislative branch of the government of Puerto Rico.
Bantry Bay  is a bay located in County Cork, Ireland. The bay runs approximately from northeast to southwest into the Atlantic Ocean. 
Tetovo (, ; ; is a city in the northwestern part of the Republic of North Macedonia, built on the foothills of Šar Mountain and divided by the Pena River. The municipality of Tetovo covers an area of at above sea level, with a population of 52,915. 
Hokitika is a township in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island, south of Greymouth, and close to the mouth of the Hokitika River.
Rosetown is a town in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, at the junction of provincial Highway 7 and Highway 4, approximately 115 km southwest of Saskatoon.
Mateo Gil Rodríguez (born 23 September 1972, Las Palmas, Spain) is a Spanish film director, screenwriter, second unit director, assistant director, cinematographer, editor and producer.
Pohang Steelers  is a South Korean professional football club based in Pohang, North Gyeongsang. They were originally called "Pohang Steelworks", after the Pohang Iron and Steel Company that owned it. 
Maud Elisabeth Olofsson (born "Olsson", 9 August 1955) is a Swedish former politician who was leader of the Swedish Centre Party from 2001 to 2011, Minister for Enterprise and Energy from 2006 to 2011 and Deputy Prime Minister of Sweden from 2006 to 2010. She was a member of the Riksdag from 2002 to 2011.
Parmenion (also Parmenio; ; c. 400 – Ecbatana, 330 BC) was an ancient Macedonian general in the service of Philip II of Macedon and Alexander the Great. A nobleman, Parmenion rose to become Philip's chief military lieutenant and Alexander's Strategos . 
Mirassol is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The city is located in the northern part of the state, 453 km from the city of São Paulo and 15 km from São José do Rio Preto. Mirassol has 53,792 inhabitants (IBGE/2010).
Aarre Merikanto (29 June 1893, Helsinki, Grand Duchy of Finland – 28 September 1958, Helsinki, Republic of Finland) was a Finnish composer.
KBIG (104.3 FM, "104.3 MyFM") is a commercial radio station that is licensed to Los Angeles, California and serves the Greater Los Angeles area. The station is owned by iHeartMedia and broadcasts a hot adult contemporary format heavy on music from the 1990s to the present day. KBIG has studios located in Burbank, California and its primary transmitter is based on Mount Wilson.
Alexi "Wildchild" Laiho (born Markku Uula Aleksi Laiho; 8 April 1979) is a Finnish guitarist, composer, and vocalist. He is best known as the lead guitarist, lead vocalist and founding member of the melodic death metal band Children of Bodom, and is also the guitarist for Sinergy, The Local Band and Kylähullut. He has previously played with Thy Serpent and Impaled Nazarene on occasion, as well as Warmen and Hypocrisy.
Ogulin  is a town in north-western Croatia, in Karlovac County. It has a population of 8,216 (2011), and a total municipal population of 13,915 (2011). 
Jizzakh  is a city (population 923,570 in 2014) and the center of Jizzakh Region in Uzbekistan, northeast of Samarkand. The population of Jizzakh on April 24, 2014, was approximately 324,136.
Gordon College is a private Christian college in Wenham, Massachusetts. The college offers 27 majors, 42 concentrations, and 11 interdisciplinary and pre-professional minors as well as graduate programs in education and music education. 
King World Productions, Inc.  was a production company and a syndicator of television programming in the United States independently established in 1964 until acquired by CBS in 2000, with its eventual 2007 incorporation into CBS Television Distribution. The company continues to exist on paper as an intellectual property holder and under the moniker of KWP Studios  to hold the copyright for TV shows like the "Rachael Ray" show.
The Christian Broadcasting Network  is an American conservative evangelical religious television network and production company. Founded by televangelist Pat Robertson, its headquarters and main studios are based in Virginia Beach, Virginia, United States. 
Woolworths Group was a listed British company that owned the high-street retail chain Woolworths. It also owned other companies such as the entertainment distributor Entertainment UK, and book and resource distributor Bertram Books.
Herbert Sanford Walters (November 17, 1891August 17, 1973) was a Democratic United States Senator from Tennessee from 1963 to 1964.
Jacob van Campen (2 February 1596 – 13 September 1657), was a Dutch artist and architect of the Golden Age.
Edward John Mostyn Bowlby, CBE, FRCP, FRCPsych (; 26 February 1907 – 2 September 1990) was a British psychologist, psychiatrist, and psychoanalyst, notable for his interest in child development and for his pioneering work in attachment theory. A "Review of General Psychology" survey, published in 2002, ranked Bowlby as the 49th most cited psychologist of the 20th century.
Boston Harbor is a natural harbor and estuary of Massachusetts Bay, and is located adjacent to the city of Boston, Massachusetts. It is home to the Port of Boston, a major shipping facility in the northeastern United States.
Franz Reuleaux (; ; 30 September 1829 – 20 August 1905), was a mechanical engineer and a lecturer of the Berlin Royal Technical Academy, later appointed as the President of the Academy. He was often called the father of kinematics. 
Afanasy Nikitin (; died 1472) was a Russian merchant of Tver and one of the first Europeans  to travel to and document his visit to India. He described his trip in a narrative known as "The Journey Beyond Three Seas" .
Nova Granada  is a municipality in the northern part of the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The population is 19,180 inhabitants (IBGE/2010), and the area is 533.49 km². The elevation is 542 m.
Aharon Appelfeld (; born Ervin Appelfeld; February 16, 1932 – January 4, 2018) was an Israeli novelist and Holocaust survivor.
The Wing Luke Museum of the Asian Pacific American Experience is a history museum of the culture, art and history of Asian Pacific Americans located in Seattle, Washington's Chinatown-International District, founded in 1967. It is a Smithsonian Institution affiliate, and the only pan-Asian Pacific American community-based museum in the US. 
Lipetsk  is a city and the administrative center of Lipetsk Oblast, Russia, located on the banks of the Voronezh River in the Don basin, southeast of Moscow. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 508,887.
The club was founded in 1968 as Towa Real Estate SC in Nasu, Tochigi. They were promoted to the Japan Soccer League  Division 1 in 1972. 
The Finke River, or Larapinta , is a river in central Australia, one of four main rivers of the Lake Eyre Basin and thought to be the oldest riverbed in the world. It flows for only a few days a year and when this happens, its water usually disappears into the sands of the Simpson Desert, rarely if ever reaching Lake Eyre.
Paattali Makkal Katchi  is a political party in Tamil Nadu, India, founded by S. Ramadoss in 1989 for the upliftment of Tamil community.
The Great Morava  is the final section of the Morava , a major river system in Serbia.
Balboa Stadium is a football and soccer stadium on the West Coast of the United States, located in San Diego, California. Just east of San Diego High School, the original stadium was built in 1914 as part of the 1915 Panama–California Exposition, also in Balboa Park, with a capacity of 15,000. 
Idro  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. It is situated near the southwestern end of Lake Idro, and at the northeastern end of the Valle Sabbia. Bordering communes are Anfo, Bagolino, Bondone, Capovalle, Lavenone, Treviso Bresciano and Valvestino.
Wittenberge  is a town of eighteen thousand people on the middle Elbe in the district of Prignitz, Brandenburg, Germany.
John Silva Meehan (6 February 1790 – 24 April 1863) was an American printer and publisher. He was the fourth Librarian of the United States Congress from 1829 to 1861.
Eastern University is a co-educational, comprehensive Christian university located in St. Davids, Pennsylvania, near Philadelphia on the Pennsylvania Main Line. The school is affiliated with the American Baptist Churches USA and has undergraduate and graduate programs and an interdenominational Christian student body, faculty and administration. Eastern University is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.
Justin Keating (7 January 1930 – 31 December 2009) was an Irish Labour Party politician, broadcaster, journalist, lecturer and veterinary surgeon. In later life he was president of the Humanist Association of Ireland.
Paul Jozef Crutzen (; born 3 December 1933) is a Dutch, Nobel Prize-winning, atmospheric chemist. He is known for work on climate change research and for popularizing the term Anthropocene to describe a proposed new era when human actions have a drastic effect on the Earth.
The Vienna Woods  are forested highlands that form the northeastern foothills of the Northern Limestone Alps in the states of Lower Austria and Vienna. The long and wide range of hills is heavily wooded and a popular recreation area with the Viennese.
Enercon GmbH, based in Aurich, Lower Saxony, Germany, is the fourth-largest wind turbine manufacturer in the world and has been the market leader in Germany since the mid-nineties. Enercon has production facilities in Germany , Sweden, Brazil, India, Canada, Turkey and Portugal. 
Don Alden Adams (born 1925) was president of the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania (2000–2014), the principal corporation of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Panagiotis "Taki" Theodoracopulos (; ; born 11 August 1936) is a Greek journalist and writer. He lives in New York City, London and Gstaad, Switzerland.
Arthur Victor Berger (May 15, 1912 – October 7, 2003) was an American composer and music critic who has been described as a New Mannerist.
Pablo César Aimar Giordano (; born 3 November 1979) is a retired Argentine professional footballer and current coach of the Argentina national under-17 football team.
The Churchill River is a river in Newfoundland and Labrador which flows east from the Smallwood Reservoir in Labrador into the Atlantic Ocean via Lake Melville. The river is long and drains an area of ; it is the longest river in Atlantic Canada.
Heidemarie Jiline "Jil" Sander (; born 27 November 1943 in Wesselburen) is a minimalist German fashion designer and the founder of the Jil Sander fashion house.
The Chicago Storm was a team in the Ultimate Soccer League that began play in the 2004-2005 season as a member of the Major Indoor Soccer League. In 2011, it was announced that the Storm would not return for the 2012 season.
Malcolm David Kelley (born May 12, 1992), sometimes credited as just Malcolm Kelley, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and actor best known for portraying the character Walt Lloyd on the ABC series "Lost" and as one half of the pop duo MKTO.
Tarot is a heavy metal band from Finland. They are most famous for the song “Wings of Darkness” from the 1986 album "Spell of Iron". 
Brooke Louise Hanson, OAM (born 18 March 1978) is an Australian former competitive swimmer, Olympic gold medallist, world champion, and former world record-holder.
Itri is a small city and "comune" the province of Latina, Lazio, central Italy.
Khutughtu Khan , born Kuśala , also known by the temple name Mingzong (Emperor Mingzong of Yuan, Chinese: 元明宗, December 22, 1300 – August 30, 1329), was a son of Khayishan who seized the throne of the Yuan dynasty in 1329, but died soon after. Apart from Emperor of China, he is considered as the 13th Great Khan of the Mongol Empire or Mongols, although it was only nominal due to the division of the empire.
Limone sul Garda  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy , on the shore of Lake Garda.
Lozio  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. Neighbouring communes are Cerveno, Malegno, Ossimo and Schilpario .
Marmentino  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. Neighbouring communes are Bovegno, Collio, Irma, Lodrino, Pertica Alta, Pertica Bassa, Pezzaze and Tavernole sul Mella. It is located in the Trompia valley area.
Mura  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
The Crown Range lies to the east of the Wakatipu Basin in Otago, New Zealand. It is noted for two features, the Cardrona Alpine Resort, on the slopes of the 1900 metre Mount Cardrona, and a highway, known as the Crown Range Road (formerly State Highway 89), which winds steeply between Arrow Junction, just south of Arrowtown, and Wanaka to the north.
Vasil Pavlovich Mzhavanadze (also Vasily; ; – 31 August 1988) was the First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Georgian SSR from September 1953 to September 28, 1972 and a member of the CPSU's Politburo from June 29, 1957 to December 18, 1972. Dismissed after a corruption scandal, he was replaced by Eduard Shevardnadze.
Nelson Dingley Jr. (February 15, 1832 – January 13, 1899) was a journalist and politician from the U.S. state of Maine.
Niardo  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
Ome  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
Trevi nel Lazio is a town and "comune"  in the province of Frosinone in the Italian region of Lazio in the upper valley of the Aniene river.
Paderno Ponchielli  is a "comune" in the province of Cremona, in Lombardy, northern Italy.
Jerzy Hoffman (; born 15 March 1932) is a retired Polish director, screenwriter, and occasional producer. He received the Polish Academy Life Achievement Award in February 2006.
Hillston is a township in western New South Wales, Australia, in Carrathool Shire, on the banks of the Lachlan River. It was founded in 1863 and at the had a population of 1,465.
Boundary Street is a three-lane one-way street in Kowloon, Hong Kong. It runs in an easterly direction from its start at the intersection with Tung Chau Street in the west, and ends at its intersection with Prince Edward Road West in the east, near the former Kai Tak Airport.
Wightlink is a ferry company operating routes between Hampshire and the Isle of Wight in southern England.
Boris II  was emperor  of Bulgaria from 969 to 977 (in Byzantine captivity from 971).
Merano  or Meran  is a town and "comune" in South Tyrol, northern Italy. Generally best known for its spa resorts, it is located within a basin, surrounded by mountains standing up to above sea level, at the entrance to the Passeier Valley and the Vinschgau.
Christine Anne Milne (; born 14 May 1953) is an Australian politician who served as a Senator for Tasmania. She was the leader of the parliamentary caucus of the Australian Greens from 2012 to 2015. Milne stepped down as leader on 6 May 2015, replaced by Richard Di Natale.
David Saul Marshall (born David Saul Mashal; 12 March 1908 – 12 December 1995), was a Singaporean politician and lawyer who served as Singapore's first Chief Minister from 1955 to 1956. He was the founder and president of the Workers' Party  . 
Plauen  is a town in the Free State of Saxony, east-central Germany. It is the capital town of the district Vogtlandkreis. The town is situated near the border of Bavaria and the Czech Republic.
Mangaia  is the most southerly of the Cook Islands and the second largest, after Rarotonga.
Goat Island is a heritage-listed island located in Port Jackson, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Located north-west of the Sydney central business district, Goat island is approximately wide in a north/south direction and long in an east/west direction; and covers an area of . Goat Island lies off the shores of the Sydney suburbs of Balmain and Millers Point, at the junction of Darling Harbour with the main channel of Sydney Harbour.
Kim Ho (born November 24, 1944) is a South Korean former football player and manager. He began his association football playing career with the Cheil Industries FC, where he played from 1964 to 1968. 
The is a river located in eastern Aomori prefecture, in the Tōhoku region of northern Japan.
Mohamed Tewfik Pasha (; April 30 or November 15, 1852 – January 7, 1892), also known as Tawfiq of Egypt, was khedive of Egypt and the Sudan between 1879 and 1892 and the sixth ruler from the Muhammad Ali Dynasty.
Wazirabad  is an industrial city located in Gujranwala District, Punjab, Pakistan. 
Leopold V (1157 – 31 December 1194), known as the Virtuous , a member of the House of Babenberg, was Duke of Austria from 1177 and Duke of Styria from 1192 until his death.
The Cisrhenian Republic  was a client state  of the French Revolutionary Wars. It was proclaimed in 1797 on the Left Bank of the Rhine under French occupation.
Jimmie Kenneth Johnson (born September 17, 1975) is an American professional stock car racing driver and a seven-time champion in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. He currently competes full-time in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, driving the No. 
Picher is a municipality in the district of Ludwigslust-Parchim in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. Picher's population is 748 (as of June 2006).
Saint-Senoch is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
John Smedley (born August 27, 1968) is the former president of Daybreak Game Company, which changed its name from Sony Online Entertainment in 2015.
Talmo is a rural locality in the north eastern part of the Riverina. It is situated by road, about 12 kilometres south of Bookham and 24 kilometres east of Jugiong.
Stony Crossing is a locality in the south western part of the Riverina. It is situated by road, about south east from Kyalite and north west from Swan Hill.
Navashino  is a town in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on a branch of the Oka River, 10km east of Murom and southwest of Nizhny Novgorod. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 16,416.
Birsa Agricultural University is an agricultural university at Kanke, Ranchi in the Indian state of Jharkhand. Established on 26 June 1981, after its formal inauguration by the then Prime Minister of India, Indira Gandhi.
Lipsk ,  is a town in Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,520 inhabitants (2004). Under Russian rule, it was and the shtetl Lipsk .
The Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte  is a public Brazilian university funded by the Brazilian federal government, located in the city of Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil.
The Muslim Social Democratic Party, usually referred to as Hummet  , was a political party in South Caucasus. In 1920, it merged with "Adalat"   communist cell in Baku, forming the first Communist Party of Azerbaijan.
The Brazilian Labour Renewal Party  is a conservative Brazilian political party. It was founded in 1994 and its electoral number is 28. 
Ogema is a town with a population of 403 located in south Central Saskatchewan, Canada. It is approximately south of Saskatchewan's capital city, Regina, and about midway between Weyburn and Assiniboia on Saskatchewan Highway 13.
Bandar Abbas International Airport  is an international airport located in 12 kilometers east of the city of Bandar Abbas, Hormozgan Province, in south of Iran. The airport has flight connections to different parts of Iran and countries of south of Persian Gulf, and about 1,289,000 passengers passed through it in 2017. 
Lamerd Airport is an airport in Lamerd, Iran.
Yasuj Airport is an airport serving Yasuj, a city in the Zagros Mountains of southwestern Iran, and capital of the Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province. The airport and the city are also known Yasouj.
La Hougue Bie is a historic site, with museum, in the Jersey parish of Grouville. La Hougue Bie is depicted on the 2010 issue Jersey 1 pound note.
Raduzhny  is a closed town in Vladimir Oblast, Russia, located on the Pol, Buzha, and Uzhbol Rivers, south of Vladimir. Population: 
The South Wales Warriors are a British American Football team based in Llanharan, Mid Glamorgan, Wales. They play in SFC 2 West for the 2019 season. 
Al-Ahsa International Airport  is an airport serving Hofuf , a city in Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia.
Bassel al-Assad International Airport  is an airport serving Latakia, the principal port city of Syria. The airport is named for Bassel al-Assad (1962–1994), son of the late Syrian President Hafez al-Assad and brother of the current President Bashar al-Assad.
John (Johann von Pfalz-Neumarkt; 1383 – 14 March 1443) was the Count Palatine of Neumarkt from 1410 to his death. The son of Rupert III of the Palatinate, he married Catherine of Pomerania in 1407. 
Pyzdry  is a town in Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,163 inhabitants (2004).
Susan Rothenberg (born 1945) is an American contemporary painter, printmaker, sculptor, and draughtswoman. She has achieved a place of prominence through her iconic images of the horse, in which she synthesized the opposing forces of abstraction and representation. She lives and works in New Mexico, USA.
Redwood Creek is a perennial stream located in San Mateo County, California, United States which discharges into South San Francisco Bay. The Port of Redwood City, the largest deepwater port in South San Francisco Bay, is situated on the east bank of Redwood Creek near its mouth, where the creek becomes a natural deepwater channel.
The Missouri Democratic Party is the affiliate of the United States Democratic Party in the U.S. state of Missouri. The party Chairman is Jean Peters Baker, who has been served in that position since 2018.
Serdar Tasci  (born 24 April 1987) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-back .
Perekerten is a rural locality in the western part of the Riverina. It is situated by rail, about 31 kilometres north west of Moulamein and 42 kilometres south east of Balranald.
Osborne is a village community in the central east part of the Riverina. It is situated by road, about 15 kilometres south from Lockhart and 19 kilometres west from Woodend. 
Emma (born Emma Louise Booth, 2 August 1974) is a Welsh singer, who sang the UK entry, "Give a Little Love Back to the World", in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990.
Sarre-Union  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Andreas Ogris (born 7 October 1964 in Vienna) is an Austrian football manager and former player.
Karvan FK  was an Azerbaijani football club based in Yevlakh, that participated in the Azerbaijan First Division. It was the first Azerbaijan club to pass the first qualification stage in the UEFA Cup.
Anna Kajumulo Tibaijuka (; born 12 October 1950) is a Tanzanian, CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Muleba South constituency since 2010. She served as the Minister of Lands, Housing and Human Settlement Developments from 2010 to 2014.
Friedrich Koncilia (born 25 February 1948) is a former Austrian football goalkeeper.
Martin Comerford (born 9 November 1978) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.
Alan, 1st Earl of Richmond (before 1100 – 15 September 1146), Breton "Alan Penteur", also known as "Alan the Black", was a Breton noble who fought for Stephen, King of England. Alan was the third son of Stephen, Count of Tréguier, and Hawise de Guingamp.
Chyi Chin (; born January 12, 1960 in Taichung, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese singer and songwriter.
Canadian Oil Sands Limited was a Canadian company that generates income from its oil sands investment in the Syncrude Joint Venture. Syncrude operated an oil sands facility and produced crude oil through the mining of oil sands from ore deposits in the Athabasca region of northern Alberta, Canada.
Viana is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Cesare Borgia is buried there.
Paracombe is a small town near Adelaide, South Australia. At the 2011 census, Paracombe had a population of 343.
The Complex of Sultan Bayezid II Health Museum  is a hospital museum of Trakya University within the Complex of Sultan Bayezid II located in Edirne, Turkey.
Shizuoka Daiichi Television  is a TV station broadcasting in Shizuoka Prefecture. It is a subsidiary of Nippon Television.
Ferrocarril Central Andino  is the consortium which operates the Ferrovías Central railway in Peru linking the Pacific port of Callao and the capital Lima with Huancayo and Cerro de Pasco. As one of the Trans-Andean Railways it is the second highest in the world constructed by the Polish engineer Ernest Malinowski in 1871–1876.
Theo Larayan Ronaldo Robinson (born 22 January 1989) is a Jamaica international footballer who plays for League One club Southend United.
Eisenberg is a town in Thuringia, Germany. It is the capital of the district Saale-Holzland.
Beelitz is a historic town in Potsdam-Mittelmark district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is chiefly known for its cultivation of white asparagus .
Clementina of Austria ( 1 March 1798 – 3 September 1881) was an Archduchess of Austria and "Princess of Salerno" upon her marriage to Prince Leopold of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Prince of Salerno.
WBNW-FM branded as "Now 105-7", is a class B Top 40 radio station in Binghamton, New York located on the dial at 105.7 FM. The station is owned by iHeartMedia.
Joshua Vaughan Himes (1805–1895) was a Christian leader and publisher. He became involved with the followers of William Miller and later became a prominent leader in the Advent Christian Church.
Gennadiy Sergeyevich Prigoda (; born 2 May 1965) is a former freestyle swimmer from Russia, who competed twice at the Summer Olympics first for the Soviet Union in 1988, and then for the Unified Team in 1992. The sprinter won four Olympic medals: two silver and two bronze. 
Valamir (c. 420 – 469) was an Ostrogothic king in the ancient country of Pannonia from AD 447 until his death. During his reign, he fought alongside the Huns against the Roman Empire and then, after Attila the Hun's death, fought against the Huns to consolidate his independent control over a large group of Goths.
Thomas Flemming (born 14 July 1967 in Bad Schlema) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany, who competed for his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Erkner is a town in the Oder-Spree District of Brandenburg, Germany, situated on the south-eastern edge of the German capital city Berlin.
Petershagen-Eggersdorf is a municipality in the district Märkisch-Oderland, in Brandenburg, Germany.
WPHM is a News/Talk/Sports radio station licensed to Port Huron, Michigan at 1380 kHz on the AM dial, with a power output of 5,000 watts. The station is owned by Radio First. 
Telshe Yeshiva   is a Yeshiva  located in Chicago, Illinois, in the United States. In 1960, Rabbi Chaim Mordechai Katz, Rosh Yeshiva of the Telshe Yeshiva in Cleveland, Ohio, established Telshe Chicago as a branch of the Telshe Yeshiva .
Camogli  is a fishing village and tourist resort located on the west side of the peninsula of Portofino, on the Golfo Paradiso in the Riviera di Levante, in the Metropolitan City of Genoa, Liguria, northern Italy. its population was of 5,332. 
The South River is a 10.6 mile long (17.1 km) river in eastern New Hampshire and western Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Ossipee River, which flows east to the Saco River and ultimately the Atlantic Ocean.
Petter Laukslett Tande (born 11 June 1985 in Oslo) is a Norwegian former nordic combined skier who has been competing between 2002 and 2011, representing Byåsen IL. He has three medals in the 4 x 5 km team event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, with a gold (2005) and two bronzes (2007, 2009).
The Bearcamp River is a river at the southern edge of the White Mountains in New Hampshire, the United States. It is the largest tributary of Ossipee Lake, part of the Saco River watershed leading to the Atlantic Ocean.
The James Joyce Tower and Museum is a Martello tower in Sandycove, Dublin, where James Joyce spent six nights in 1904. The opening scenes of his novel "Ulysses" take place here,
Ohio State University Airport is a public airport six miles (10 km) northwest of downtown Columbus, in Franklin County, Ohio, United States. It is owned and operated by The Ohio State University in Columbus, not to be confused with Ohio University in Athens, which owns the Ohio University Airport . 
Saint-Maurice-en-Chalencon is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
The Shepards River is a river in western Maine and eastern New Hampshire in the United States. It is part of the Saco River drainage basin.
Harry Joe Brown (September 22, 1890 – April 28, 1972) was an American film producer and supervisor who was also a theatre and film director.
Oboyan  is a town and the administrative center of Oboyansky District in Kursk Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Psyol River at its confluence with the Oboyanka River, south of Kursk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Bolligen is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district of the canton of Bern, Switzerland.
Toyah was an English new wave band fronted by Toyah Willcox between 1977 and 1983. The only other consistent band member throughout this period was Joel Bogen, Willcox's principal co-writer and guitarist.
Patrick Ortlieb (born 20 May 1967) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist from Austria. A specialist in the speed events, he was also a world champion in the downhill event.
Najac is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Vilsbiburg  is a town on the river Große Vils, 18 km southeast of Landshut, in the district of Landshut, in Bavaria, Germany. Vilsbiburg has 11,000 inhabitants.
SiRF Technology, Inc. was a pioneer in the commercial use of GPS technology for consumer applications. The company was founded in 1995 and was headquartered in San Jose, California. 
The Forest Research Institute Malaysia  is a statutory agency of the Government of Malaysia, under the Ministry of Land, Water and Natural Resources . FRIM promotes sustainable management and optimal use of forest resources in Malaysia by generating knowledge and technology through research, development and application in tropical forestry. FRIM is located in Kepong, near Kuala Lumpur.
Zehdenick is a town in the Oberhavel district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Havel, southeast of Fürstenberg/Havel, and north of Berlin .
Lauingen is a town in the district of Dillingen in Bavaria, Germany. It is located on the left bank of the Danube, 5 km west of Dillingen, and 37 km northeast of Ulm.
WDAV "Classical 89.9" is a non-commercial public radio station located in Davidson, North Carolina and serving the Charlotte, North Carolina market. The station, owned by Davidson College, airs classical music and fine arts programming.
WDKS (KISS 106) is a Class A radio station at 106.1 FM licensed to Newburgh, Indiana and serving Evansville, Indiana. They are owned by Townsquare Media, which acquired the station from Clear Channel Communications in 2003.
Tino is an Italian island situated in the Ligurian Sea, at the westernmost end of the Gulf of La Spezia. It is part of an archipelago of three closely spaced islands jutting out south from the mainland at Portovenere. 
WKWS is a broadcast radio station licensed to Charleston, West Virginia, serving the Charleston/Huntington area. WKWS is owned and operated by West Virginia Radio Corporation.
Novellara  is a town and "comune" in the province of Reggio Emilia, Emilia-Romagna, Italy and has a population of 13,670. It is north of Reggio Emilia and has a railway station for the local train going from Reggio to Guastalla.
Troina  is a town and "comune"  in the province of Enna, Sicily, southern Italy. It is located in the Nebrodi Park.
Oberderdingen is a municipality in the district of Karlsruhe, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 30 km east of Karlsruhe, and 32 km west of Heilbronn.
Korb is a municipality in the Rems-Murr district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is located 3 km east of Waiblingen, and 15 km northeast of Stuttgart. Korb is known for the wines produced in the area.
Amnesty International USA  is one of many country sections that make up Amnesty International worldwide.
Motta di Livenza is a town in the province of Treviso, Veneto, Italy.
Lendinara is a town and "comune" in the province of Rovigo, Veneto, northern Italy. It is part of the historical and geographical region of Polesine.
Circus Devils is an American psychedelic rock band founded in 2001 by Robert Pollard, best known as the lead singer and songwriter of the Dayton, Ohio, band Guided by Voices. The band consists of Pollard , Todd Tobias , and Tim Tobias .
San Zenone al Po is a "comune" in the province of Pavia, Lombardy, Italy.
Michael Skibbe (born 4 August 1965) is a German football manager who currently manages Borussia Dortmund U19.
Max Friedlaender (12 October 1852, Brieg/Brzeg, Province of Silesia, Prussia – 2 May 1934, Berlin) was a German bass singer, music editor, and musicologist. He specialized in German Lieder.
Quickspace was a London-based experimental rock band started in 1994.
Carlaw Park was a multi-purpose stadium in Parnell, a central suburb of Auckland, New Zealand. It neighboured the Auckland Domain's Northern end. 
Kristin Armstrong (born August 11, 1973) is a former professional road bicycle racer and three-time Olympic gold medalist, the winner of the women's individual time trial in 2008, 2012, and 2016. Before temporarily retiring to start a family in 2009, she rode for in women's elite professional events on the National Racing Calendar  and UCI Women's World Cup. 
El Perro Del Mar  is a musical project that was founded in December 2003 in Gothenburg, Sweden. The sole member of El Perro Del Mar, Sarah Assbring, initially started as an MP3/CD-R artist and released her first songs through Hybris Records. 
Todd Hollenshead is the former President and CEO of id Software. In addition to his software work, he was known in the gaming community for his long hair and his role as "MC" at Quakecon, a LAN party and gaming convention in Dallas, Texas.
Greve Fodbold is a Danish football club currently playing in the Danmarksserien. They play at Greve Idræts Center in Greve on Zealand, which has a capacity of 7,000.
Charles H. Joffe (July 16, 1929 – July 9, 2008) was an American film producer and comedy talent manager. He is most well known as being, in partnership with Jack Rollins, the producer or executive producer of the majority of the films directed by Woody Allen. Joffe won the 1977 Academy Award for Best Picture as producer of Allen's "Annie Hall".
NTV Plus  is the brand name for the Russian digital satellite television service from NTV, transmitted from Eutelsat's W4 satellite at 36.0°E and from Bonum 1 at 56.0°E. Previously a part of Vladimir Gusinsky's media empire , now it is included in the Gazprom Media holding.
Pedro Escobedo is the seat of Pedro Escobedo Municipality of the State of Querétaro, part of the "industrial corridor.
The Farnsworth Art Museum in Rockland, Maine, United States, is an art museum that specializes in American art. Its permanent collection includes works by such artists as Gilbert Stuart, Thomas Sully, Thomas Eakins, Eastman Johnson, Fitz Henry Lane, Frank Benson, Childe Hassam, and Maurice Prendergast, as well as a significant collection of works by the 20th-century sculptor Louise Nevelson. Four galleries are devoted to contemporary art.
Red Bull Racing Team, also known as Team Red Bull, was a NASCAR team owned by Red Bull founders Dietrich Mateschitz and Chaleo Yoovidhya. The team was based in Mooresville, North Carolina in the United States and was managed by Jay Frye. The team suspended operations on December 8, 2011 and their cars were sold to BK Racing.
Ivar Formo (24 June 1951 – 26 December 2006) was a Norwegian cross-country skier and orienteer who competed during the 1970s.
Prince Frederick (Frederick William; 13 May 1750 – 29 December 1765), was a member of the British Royal Family, a grandchild of King George II and the youngest brother of King George III.
Sierra Wireless is a multinational wireless communications equipment designer and manufacturer headquartered in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada. It also maintains offices and operations in California, France, Guangdong and Hong Kong .
Buccaneer Field is a 4,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in North Charleston, South Carolina. It is home to the Charleston Southern University Buccaneers football team. 
David Sunflower Seeds, also known as DAVID Seeds, is a brand of roasted and salted sunflower seeds produced by ConAgra Foods in the United States.
Farrakka Barrage Township is a census town in Farakka CD Block in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the state of West Bengal, India.
FC La Chaux-de-Fonds is a Swiss football club based in La Chaux-de-Fonds. It was founded in 1894. They play at the Stade Charrière.
Olympic Azzaweya Sports Club  is a Libyan football club based in Zawiya, Libya.
Catte Street is a historic street in central Oxford, England.
Marian University, formerly Marian College of Fond du Lac, is a Roman Catholic liberal arts university in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. It was founded in 1936 by the Congregation of Sisters of Saint Agnes, which continues to sponsor the University today.
The Carrizo Mountains (36°50' N, 109°7'W) is a small, mostly circular mountain range 15 to 20 km (9 to 12 miles) in diameter located on the Colorado Plateau in northeastern Arizona. The range is about southwest of the Four Corners. 
Tourch  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Pesquera is a town in the Ribera del Duero region that is noted for its red wine, balanced and fruity. It had a population of 562 at the 2001 census.
Maria Rosaria Bindi, best known as Rosy Bindi  (born 12 February 1951), is an Italian politician and the former President of the Antimafia Commission.
Pag  is a Croatian island in the northern Adriatic Sea. It is the fifth-largest island of the Croatian coast, and the one with the longest coastline.
Montgomery County Airpark is a U.S. public airport located three miles (5 km) northeast of the city of Gaithersburg, in Montgomery County, Maryland.
The Sula River  is a left tributary of the Dnieper River with a total length of 365 km and a drainage basin of 19,600 km².
John IV Megas Komnenos  ( 1403 – 1460) was Emperor of Trebizond from 1429 until his death. He was a son of Emperor Alexios IV of Trebizond and Theodora Kantakouzene.
The Federal University of Bahia  is a public university located mainly in the city of Salvador. It is the largest university of the state of Bahia.
Saint Solomonia Yuryevna Saburova  (c. 1490 – 18 December 1542) was the first wife of Grand Prince Vasili III of Muscovy. She was canonized by the Russian Orthodox Church as Saint "Sofia of Suzdal".
The American Precision Museum is located in the renovated 1846 Robbins & Lawrence factory on South Main Street in Windsor, Vermont. The building is said to be the first U.S. factory at which precision interchangeable parts were made, giving birth to the precision machine tool industry. In recognition of this history, the building was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966.
8 May 1945 Stadium  is a multi-use stadium in Sétif, Algeria. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of ES Sétif. 
Nans is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
The Studva  is a river in eastern Croatia and northern Serbia, a 37 km-long right tributary to the Bosut river. It flows entirely within the Syrmia region of both Croatia and Serbia .
The Transportation Research Board  is a division of the National Academy of Sciences, formerly, the National Research Council of the United States which serves as an independent adviser to the President of the United States, the Congress and federal agencies on scientific and technical questions of national importance. It is jointly administered by the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, and the National Academy of Medicine.
Russell Paul Carpenter, (born December 9, 1950) is an American cinematographer and photographer. He shot the 1997 Best Picture-winning film "Titanic", for which he won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography. Much of his work has been in independent and genre cinema, with films like ", The Lawnmower Man", and "Hard Target."
Antonino Rocca (born Antonino Biasetton, 13 April 1921 – 15 March 1977) was an Italian Argentinian professional wrestler. He tag teamed with partner Miguel Pérez. He was posthumously inducted into the WWF Hall of Fame as a member of the class of 1995 and the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame in 1996.
Daniele De Rossi (; born 24 July 1983) is an Italian professional footballer who last played as a defensive midfielder for Roma and formerly the Italy national team.
, Nickname: Mētele  is a TV station joining All-Nippon News Network  in Nagoya. It is broadcast in Aichi Prefecture, Gifu Prefecture, and Mie Prefecture. It also serves Toyama Prefecture as its default ANN station. 
Pope Francis (; ; ; born Jorge Mario Bergoglio; 17 December 1936) is the head of the Catholic Church and sovereign of the Vatican City State. Francis is the first Jesuit pope, the first from the Americas, the first from the Southern Hemisphere, the first to visit the Arabian Peninsula, and the first pope from outside Europe since the Syrian Gregory III, who reigned in the 8th century.
Zalaegerszegi Torna Egylet  or just ZTE is a football club from the city of Zalaegerszeg in Hungary. They are best known for beating Manchester United 1–0 in the 2002–03 UEFA Champions League qualifying stage. Zalaegerszeg has won one Hungarian League title in 2002.
Morristown Airport is in Morris County, New Jersey three miles east of downtown Morristown. Operated by DM AIRPORTS, LTD, it is in the Whippany section of Hanover. 
The National Centre for Radio Astrophysics   of India is a premier research institution in India in the field of radio astronomy is located in the Pune University Campus , is part of the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, India. NCRA has an active research program in many areas of Astronomy and Astrophysics, which includes studies of the Sun, Interplanetary scintillations, pulsars, the Interstellar medium, Active galaxies and cosmology and particularly in the specialized field of Radio Astronomy and Radio instrumentation. 
Eileen Mary Ure (18 February 1933 – 3 April 1975) was a Scottish stage and film actress. She was the second Scottish-born actress  to be nominated for an Academy Award, for her role in the 1960 film "Sons and Lovers".
The Federalist Union Party , initially named Party of Buenos Aires Unity , is a right-wing political party active in various provinces of Argentina. Its most visible leader is the former police chief, Luis Patti, former Mayor of Escobar, who is accused of torturing people during the last dictatorship.
The Civic and Social Front of Catamarca  is a provincial political party in Argentina. 
Johann Peter Adolf Erman (; 31 October 185426 June 1937) was a renowned German Egyptologist and lexicographer.
Direct 8 was a national French TV channel, owned by Vincent Bolloré. It was available through digital terrestrial television network "TNT" and the Astra 1H satellite position.
The Ullstein Verlag was founded by Leopold Ullstein in 1877 at Berlin and is one of the largest publishing companies of Germany. It published newspapers like "B.Z." and "Berliner Morgenpost" and books through its subsidiaries "Ullstein Buchverlage" and "Propyläen".
Marek Edelman (, born either 1919 in Homel or 1922 in Warsaw – October 2, 2009 in Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish political and social activist and cardiologist. Edelman was the last surviving leader of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising and long before his death he was the last one who stayed in Poland despite harassment by Communist authorities.
The Liberal Democratic Union of Armenia  is a liberal political party in Armenia. 
The Pegnitz is a river in Franconia in the German federal state of Bavaria.
August Karl Friedrich Christian von Goeben (10 December 181613 November 1880), was a Prussian infantry general, who won the Iron Cross for his service in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–71.
Captain David McCampbell (January 16, 1910 – June 30, 1996) was a United States Navy captain, fighter pilot, and a Medal of Honor recipient. He retired from the navy in 1964 with 31 years of service.
Anthony Durante (July 26, 1967 – September 25, 2003) was an American professional wrestler best known under the ring name "Pitbull #2" as one half of the tag team The Pitbulls, with "Pitbull #1" Gary Wolfe. The team is best known for their time in Extreme Championship Wrestling , where the team was the promotion's World Tag Team Championship once. 
Sir Richard John Roberts (born 6 September 1943) is an English biochemist and molecular biologist. He was awarded the 1993 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Phillip Allen Sharp for the discovery of introns in eukaryotic DNA and the mechanism of gene-splicing. He currently works at New England Biolabs.
Anton Graff (18 November 1736 – 22 June 1813) was an eminent Swiss portrait artist. Among his famous subjects were Friedrich Schiller, Christoph Willibald Gluck, Heinrich von Kleist, Frederick the Great, Friederike Sophie Seyler, Johann Gottfried Herder, Gotthold Ephraim Lessing, Moses Mendelssohn and Christian Felix Weisse. His pupils included Emma Körner, Philipp Otto Runge and Karl Ludwig Kaaz.
Brisbane Transport is a business unit of Brisbane City Council, operating bus services under the TransLink integrated public transport scheme in Brisbane.
Muzaffarpur  is a city located in Muzaffarpur district in the Tirhut region of the Indian state of Bihar. It serves as the headquarters of Tirhut division, Muzaffarpur district and the Muzaffarpur Railway District. It is the fourth most populous city in Bihar.
Marina Bay is a bay located in the Central Area of Singapore surrounded by the perimeter of four other planning areas, the Downtown Core, Marina East, Marina South and Straits View. The area surrounding the bay itself, also called Marina Bay, is a 360 hectare extension to the adjacent Central Business District. 
Kathryn Ann Sackhoff (born April 8, 1980) is an American actress known for playing Lieutenant Kara "Starbuck" Thrace on the Sci Fi Channel's television program "Battlestar Galactica" (2004–2009). She was nominated for four Saturn Awards for her work on "Battlestar Galactica" and won the award for Best Supporting Actress on Television in 2005.
Shettleston Football Club are a Scottish football club based in Shettleston, in the East End of Glasgow. Nicknamed "the Town", they were formed in 1903 and are based at Greenfield Park. The club play in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region and are currently in the West of Scotland Super League First Division.
Morgan is a town in South Australia on the right bank of the Murray River, just downstream of where it turns from flowing roughly westwards to roughly southwards. It is about north east of Adelaide, and about upstream of the Murray Mouth. 
The is a river in Toyama Prefecture, Japan. in length, it has a watershed of 689 km².
The Virgin Islands Party  is a political party in the British Virgin Islands. It is presently led by former Minister Andrew Fahie. 
Hefner were a British indie rock band formed in east London in 1995. They were active from about 1996 until 2002; since then they have played together only once, for a tribute to the DJ John Peel, who was a strong supporter of theirs.
After releasing her debut single "Eternal Memories" (1999) Crystal Kay gained fame for her third studio album, "Almost Seventeen" (2002), which debuted at number 2 on the Japanese Oricon charts. "Almost Seventeen" eventually sold over 400,000 copies and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan. Crystal Kay, formerly signed to Epic Records, a sub-label of Sony Music Japan for 12 years, suddenly transferred to Delicious Deli Records, a sub-label of Universal Music Japan in 2011.
Radio LIVE  was a nationwide Auckland-based New Zealand talkback, news and sport radio network owned and operated by MediaWorks New Zealand.
Burntisland Shipyard Football Club are a Scottish football club based in the town of Burntisland, Fife. The club competes in the East of Scotland Football League  and play their home matches at Recreation Park.
The Enz is a river flowing north from the Black Forest to the Neckar in Baden-Württemberg.
Tyco Toys was an American toy manufacturer. It was acquired by Mattel in 1997.
KITS (105.3 MHz, Alt 105.3) is a commercial FM radio station in San Francisco. Owned by Entercom, it broadcasts an alternative rock radio format. 
Old Bar is a coastal town in New South Wales, Australia in Mid-Coast Council. It lies around east of Taree on the Mid North Coast, and around north of Sydney.
The Dominica Freedom Party  is a conservative political party in Dominica.
Meersburg is a town of Baden-Württemberg in the southwest of Germany at Lake Constance.
Eduard Dietl (21 July 1890 – 23 June 1944) was a German general during World War II who commanded the 20th Mountain Army. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords of Nazi Germany.
Kevin Melvyn Curren (born 2 March 1958) is a South African former professional tennis player. He played in two Grand Slam singles finals and won four Grand Slam doubles titles, reaching a career-high singles ranking of World No. 
Balad , also transliterated "Beled" or "Belad", is a city in Saladin Governorate, Iraq, north of the national capital, Baghdad. It is the capital of Balad District. 
Jakub Janda (; born 27 April 1978) is a Czech former ski jumper and current politician. In ski jumping he competed from 1996 to 2017, winning the 2005/06 World Cup and 2005/06 Four Hills Tournament , as well as silver and bronze medals at the 2005 World Championships. 
Hassan I of Morocco (; 1836 - 7 June 1894) was the sultan of Morocco from 1873 to 1894. He was the son of prince Abbas and succeeded to his uncle Mohammed IV.
Bohus Fortress  lies along the old Norwegian–Swedish border in Kungälv, Bohuslän, Sweden, north east from Hisingen where the Göta river splits into two branches . It commands the surrounding area from a cliff high, with the river forming a natural moat around it.
Hugo Miguel Ferreira Gomes Viana (; born 15 January 1983) is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Harold "Chief" Litwack (September 20, 1907 – August 7, 1999) was an American college basketball coach. He served as head basketball coach at Temple University from 1952 to 1973, compiling a record of 373–193. He was inducted into the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame in 1973.
Christopher Zane Kaman (born April 28, 1982) is a German - American former professional basketball player. Kaman stands 7'0" (2.13 m) and weighs 265 pounds (120 kg). He was selected sixth overall in the first round of the 2003 NBA draft by the Los Angeles Clippers, after a college basketball career at Central Michigan University.
Barmah is a town in Victoria, with the distinction of being located north of the border with New South Wales. 
Igor Valeryevich Andreev  (born 14 July 1983) is a retired professional tennis player from Russia, born in Moscow. He won three titles, reached the quarterfinals of the 2007 French Open and achieved a career-high singles ranking of world no. 
Pedro Delgado Robledo (; born April 15, 1960), also known as Perico , is a Spanish former professional road bicycle racer. He won the 1988 Tour de France, as well as the Vuelta a España in 1985 and 1989.
David Stewart (September 13, 1800January 5, 1858) was a U.S. Senator.
Susan Elizabeth Strasberg (May 22, 1938 – January 21, 1999) was an American stage, film, and television actress, the daughter of the drama coach Lee Strasberg. She was nominated for a Tony Award when she was 18 years old.
Envy is a Japanese screamo band formed in Tokyo, in 1992. They are signed to Rock Action Records in Europe and Temporary Residence Limited in North America, though originally they worked with Level Plane Records. 
Wiesloch , is a city in Germany, in northern Baden-Württemberg. It is situated 13 kilometres south of Heidelberg.
John Lockwood Kipling (6 July 1837 – 26 January 1911) was an English art teacher, illustrator, and museum curator who spent most of his career in British India. He was the father of the author Rudyard Kipling.
Goba is a town and separate woreda in south-central Ethiopia. Located in the Bale Zone of the Oromia Region approximately 446 km southeast of Addis Ababa, this city has a latitude and longitude of and an elevation of 2,743 meters above sea level.
Peter Seiichi Shirayanagi (白柳 誠一 "Shirayanagi Seiichi", June 17, 1928 - December 30, 2009) was a Japanese Cardinal Priest of the Catholic Church and archbishop of Tokyo.
Elias Chacour (, ; born 29 November 1939) was the Archbishop of Akko, Haifa, Nazareth and All Galilee of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church from 2006 to 2014. Noted for his efforts to promote reconciliation between Arabs and Jews, he is the author of two books about the experience of Palestinian people living in present-day Israel. 
Kribi is a beach resort and sea port in Cameroon.
Nicol Ross Stephen, Baron Stephen (born 23 March 1960) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician. He was the Member of the Scottish Parliament for Aberdeen South, and was leader of the Scottish Liberal Democrats from 2005 to 2008. He is a former Deputy First Minister of Scotland and Minister for Enterprise and Lifelong Learning.
The Cleveland Stokers were a soccer team based out of Cleveland, Ohio that played in the United Soccer Association during 1967 and the North American Soccer League in 1968. Their home field was Cleveland Stadium.
Tottington is a small town between Bury and Ramsbottom on the edge of the West Pennine Moors. The areas old Town hall is still in existence and where Tottington Library is based, now known as Tottington Hall. 
Tinggi Island  is an island in Mersing District, Johor, Malaysia.
Batna  is the main city of Batna Province, Algeria. With a population of 290,645 (2008 census) it is the fifth largest city in Algeria. It is also one of the principal cities of the Chaoui area and is considered the capital of the Aures.
Valerius Romulus, also Marcus Aurelius Romulus (died 309) was the son of the Caesar and later usurper Maxentius and of Valeria Maximilla, daughter of Emperor Galerius. Through his father, he was also grandson of Maximian the Tetrarch, whom he predeceased.
USA Jet Airlines is an American cargo airline with its headquarters on the grounds of Willow Run Airport and in Van Buren Township, Michigan. USA Jet operates on-demand air charter freight, and formerly passenger, flights out of Willow Run Airport. 
Redeemer University College is a private Christian liberal arts and science university located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada in the rural community of Ancaster. Founded in 1982, Redeemer stands in the Reformed Tradition and offers Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Education, and Bachelor of Science degrees.
The Jersey Democratic Alliance was a political party in Jersey. JDA candidates contested general elections in 2005 and 2008 but announced in August 2011 that it would not be fielding candidates in the October 2011 elections.
Ishim  is a town in the south of Tyumen Oblast, Russia. Population: It was previously known as "Korkina Sloboda" (until 1782).
Pamela Yvonne Tillis (born July 24, 1957) is an American country music singer-songwriter and actress. She is the daughter of country music singer Mel Tillis.
The National Independent Party is a political party in Lesotho.
KBC Bank Ireland plc is a bank in Ireland with offices in Dublin, Cork, Limerick, Galway and Belfast.
Maple Airport was a small airfield in the Township of Vaughan  in York Region, Ontario, Canada that was open from 1955 until 1987. The airport, established by Marion Alice Orr, one of Canada's first women pilots, consisted of two runways in an X pattern; and . 
Royal Wootton Bassett , formerly Wootton Bassett, is a small market town and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, with a population of 11,043 in 2001, increasing to 11,385 in 2011. Situated in the north of the county, it lies to the west of the major town of Swindon and northeast of Calne.
CHED (630 AM) is a radio station licensed to Edmonton, Alberta. Owned by Corus Entertainment, it broadcasts a news/talk format, and first signed on in 1954. 
St. Vrain Creek  is a tributary of the South Platte River, approximately long, in north central Colorado in the United States. It drains part of the foothills north of Boulder and the Colorado Piedmont area in the vicinity of Longmont.
Sud Airlines was a charter airline based in Marseille, France.
Meindert De Jong, sometimes spelled de Jong, DeJong or Dejong (4 March 1906 – 16 July 1991) was a Dutch-born American writer of children's books. He won the international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 1962 for his contributions as a children's writer.
East Coast Park  is a beach park encompassing the planning areas of Marine Parade, Bedok and Tampines, along the southeastern coast of Singapore. It was opened in the 1970s, when the government completed reclaiming land off the coast at Katong which extends from Changi to Kallang. 
RTZ  was an American rock band that featured Boston band members Brad Delp and Barry Goudreau. The band was formed in the early 1990s.
Hydropark, or Hidropark  is a landscape-recreational park on the Dnieper River in Kiev, Ukraine.
Fernanda Pinheiro Monteiro Torres (born September 15, 1965) is a Brazilian movie, stage and television actress and writer. She was born in Rio de Janeiro, the daughter of the Oscar-nominated actress Fernanda Montenegro and the actor Fernando Torres.
B Engineering is a small-volume automobile manufacturer located in Italy. It is made up of several former employees of the Bugatti firm when it was under the leadership of Romano Artioli.
United States Cellular Corporation, doing business as U.S. Cellular, is a regional carrier which owns and operates the fifth-largest wireless telecommunications network in the United States, serving 5 million customers in 426 markets in 23 U.S. states as of the first quarter of 2017. The company has its headquarters in Chicago, Illinois.
Sigurd Håkonsson (died 962)  was a Norwegian nobleman and Jarl of Lade in Trøndelag.
Petrus Torkilsson  was Bishop of Linköping, 1342-1351 and Archbishop of Uppsala, Sweden, 1351–1366.
VoKee is an alternative rock, California-based band featuring former Apex Theory vocalist and ex-System of a Down drummer, Ontronik .
Saverne ) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. It is situated on the Rhine-Marne canal at the foot of a pass over the Vosges Mountains, and 45 km (27 mi) N.W. of Strasbourg.
Cambridge University Press  is the publishing business of the University of Cambridge. Granted letters patent by King Henry VIII in 1534, it is the world's oldest publishing house and the second-largest university press in the world . 
Rosa Bonheur, born Marie-Rosalie Bonheur, (16 March 1822 – 25 May 1899) was a French artist, an animalière  and sculptor, known for her artistic realism. Her best-known paintings are "Ploughing in the Nivernais", first exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1848, and now at the Musée d’Orsay in Paris, and "The Horse Fair" , which was exhibited at the Salon of 1853 (finished in 1855) and is now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, in New York City. 
John Sholto Douglas, 9th Marquess of Queensberry (20 July 184431 January 1900), was a Scottish nobleman, remembered for his atheism, his outspoken views, his brutish manner, for lending his name to the "Queensberry Rules" that form the basis of modern boxing, and for his role in the downfall of the Irish author and playwright Oscar Wilde.
John VIII Palaiologos or Palaeologus (; 18 December 1392 – 31 October 1448) was the penultimate reigning Byzantine Emperor, ruling from 1425 to 1448.
Michael III (, "Mikhaēl III"; January 19, 840 – September 23/24, 867) was Byzantine Emperor from 842 to 867. Michael III was the third and traditionally last member of the Amorian  dynasty. 
Roanoke Island  is an island in Dare County on the Outer Banks of North Carolina, United States. It was named after the historical Roanoke Carolina Algonquian people who inhabited the area in the 16th century at the time of English exploration.
James Hoyt Wilhelm (July 26, 1922 – August 23, 2002), nicknamed "Old Sarge", was an American Major League Baseball pitcher with the New York Giants, St. Louis Cardinals, Cleveland Indians, Baltimore Orioles, Chicago White Sox, California Angels, Atlanta Braves, Chicago Cubs, and Los Angeles Dodgers between 1952 and 1972. Wilhelm was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1985, and is one of 78 pitchers enshrined in the Hall.
Kaj Tapio Rautavaara (March 8, 1915 – September 25, 1979) was a Finnish athlete, singer  and film actor.
Hugh Capet (c. 939 – 24 October 996) was the King of the Franks from 987 to 996. He is the founder and first king from the House of Capet. 
Arbroath  or Aberbrothock  is a former royal burgh and the largest town in the council area of Angus in Scotland, and has a population of 23,902. It lies on the North Sea coast, around ENE of Dundee and SSW of Aberdeen.
Charles IX (27 June 1550 – 30 May 1574) was King of France from 1560 until his death in 1574 from tuberculosis. He ascended the throne of France upon the death of his brother Francis II in 1560. 
Charles Alfred Taliaferro (August 29, 1905 – February 3, 1969), known simply as Al Taliaferro, was a Disney comics artist who produced Disney comic strips for King Features Syndicate. Taliaferro is best known for his work on the "Donald Duck" comic strip. Many of his strips were written by Bob Karp.
Vere Gordon Childe (14 April 1892 – 19 October 1957) was an Australian archaeologist who specialized in the study of European prehistory. He spent most of his life in the United Kingdom, working as an academic for the University of Edinburgh and then the Institute of Archaeology, London, and wrote twenty-six books during his career. 
Cyrus the Younger , son of Darius II of Persia and Parysatis, was a Persian prince and general, Satrap of Lydia and Ionia from 408 to 401 BC. His birth date is unknown, but he died in 401 BC after a failed battle to oust his elder brother, Artaxerxes II, from the Persian throne.
The University of Stirling is a public university in Stirling, Scotland, founded by royal charter in 1967. It is a plate glass university located in the Central Belt of Scotland, built within the walled Airthrey Castle estate. 
Charles III (17 September 879 – 7 October 929), called the Simple or the Straightforward , was the King of West Francia from 898 until 922 and the King of Lotharingia from 911 until 919–23. He was a member of the Carolingian dynasty.
Central Washington University  is a public university in Ellensburg, Washington. Founded in 1891, the university consists of four divisions: the President' Division, Business and Financial Affairs, Operations, and Academic and Student Life . Within ASL are four colleges: the College of Arts and Humanities, the College of Business , the College of Education and Professional Studies, and College of the Sciences.
Anne de Mowbray, 8th Countess of Norfolk, later Duchess of York and Duchess of Norfolk (10 December 1472 – c. 19 November 1481) was the child bride of Richard of Shrewsbury, 1st Duke of York, one of the Princes in the Tower. She died at the age of eight.
Marcel François Marie Joseph Lefebvre (; 29 November 1905 – 25 March 1991) was a French Roman Catholic archbishop, known for founding the Society of Saint Pius X . Ordained a diocesan priest in 1929, he joined the Holy Ghost Fathers for missionary work and was assigned to teach at a seminary in Gabon in 1932. In 1947, he was appointed Vicar Apostolic of Dakar, Senegal, and the next year as the Apostolic Delegate for West Africa.
Harvey Keitel ( ; born May 13, 1939) is an American actor and producer. He has starred in films such as "Mean Streets" (1973), "Taxi Driver" (1976), "The Duellists" (1977), "Bugsy" (1991), "Thelma & Louise" (1991), "Reservoir Dogs" (1992), "The Piano" (1993), "Pulp Fiction" (1994), "From Dusk till Dawn" (1996), "Cop Land" (1997), "Red Dragon" (2002), "The Grand Budapest Hotel" (2014), and "Isle of Dogs" (2018).
Serge Gainsbourg (born Lucien Ginsburg, ; 2 April 1928 – 2 March 1991) was a French singer, songwriter, pianist, film composer, poet, painter, screenwriter, writer, actor and director. Regarded as one of the most important figures in French popular music, he was renowned for his often provocative and scandalous releases, as well as his diverse artistic output, which embodied genres ranging from jazz, mambo, world, chanson, pop and yé-yé, to rock and roll, progressive rock, reggae, electronic, disco, new wave and funk. 
Fresno County, officially the County of Fresno, is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of California. As of July 1, 2018, the population was 994,400 The county seat is Fresno, the fifth most populous city in California.
John Foster Dulles (; February 25, 1888May 24, 1959) was an American diplomat. A Republican, he served as United States Secretary of State under President Dwight D. Eisenhower from 1953 to 1959. 
Sale is a city situated in the Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. It had an estimated urban population of 14,891 as of June 2016.
Beatrix (Beatrix Wilhelmina Armgard, ; born 31 January 1938) is a member of the Dutch Royal House who reigned as Queen of the Netherlands from 30 April 1980 until her abdication on 30 April 2013.
Cher  is a department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. It is named after the Cher River.
Andrew Barton "Banjo" Paterson, (17 February 18645 February 1941) was an Australian bush poet, journalist and author. He wrote many ballads and poems about Australian life, focusing particularly on the rural and outback areas, including the district around Binalong, New South Wales, where he spent much of his childhood. 
Lewis Brian Hopkin Jones (28 February 1942 – 3 July 1969) was an English musician, best known as the founder and the original leader of the Rolling Stones. Initially a slide guitarist, Jones would go on to play a wide variety of instruments on Rolling Stones recordings and in concerts, such as rhythm and lead guitar, sitar, dulcimer, various keyboard instruments such as piano and mellotron, marimba, wind instruments such as harmonica, recorder, saxophone, as well as drums and numerous others.
Rochester Institute of Technology  is a private doctoral university within the town of Henrietta in the Rochester, New York metropolitan area. The university offers undergraduate and graduate degrees, including doctoral and professional degrees and online masters as well. 
Mendocino County is a county located on the north coast of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 87,841. The county seat is Ukiah.
Santa Barbara County, California, officially the County of Santa Barbara, is a county located in the southern region of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 423,895. The county seat is Santa Barbara, and the largest city is Santa Maria.
Tuolumne County , officially the County of Tuolumne, is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 54,179. The county seat and only incorporated city is Sonora.
Boris Vian (; 10 March 1920 – 23 June 1959) was a French polymath: writer, poet, musician, singer, translator, critic, actor, inventor and engineer. Today he is remembered primarily for his novels. 
Benabarre , in Ribagorçan and Aragonese: Benavarri  is a town in the Aragonese county of Ribagorza, in the province of Huesca, Spain.
Giannutri  is a small island in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the coast of Tuscany, Italy; it is the southernmost island of the Tuscan Archipelago and it is a "frazione" of the "comune" of Isola del Giglio in the Province of Grosseto.
Allier  is a French department located in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of central France named after the river Allier. Moulins is the prefecture and the INSEE and Post Code is 03.
Melanesia  is a subregion of Oceania extending from New Guinea island in the southwestern Pacific Ocean to the Arafura Sea, and eastward to Tonga.
Ettore Arco Isidoro Bugatti (15 September 1881 – 21 August 1947) was an Italian-born French automobile designer and manufacturer. He is remembered as the founder and proprietor of the automobile manufacturing company Automobiles E. Bugatti.
Berenice I (; c. 340 BC – between 279 and 268 BC) was Queen of Egypt by marriage to Ptolemy I Soter. She became the second queen, after Eurydice, of the Ptolemaic dynasty of Egypt.
Hugh Darwen is a computer scientist who was an employee of IBM United Kingdom from 1967 to 2004, and has been involved in the history of the relational model.
Western Connecticut State University  is a public university located in Danbury, Connecticut, United States.
The Clitunno, in Antiquity the Clitumnus, is a river in Umbria, Italy. The name is of uncertain origin, but it was also borne by the river god. 
Gaius Mucius Scaevola was an ancient Roman youth, possibly mythical, famous for his bravery.
Douglas Glenn Colvin (September 18, 1951 – June 5, 2002), known professionally as Dee Dee Ramone, was an American musician, singer and songwriter best known as founding member, songwriter, bassist and occasional lead vocalist for the punk rock band the Ramones.
Boise State University  is a public research university in Boise, Idaho. Founded in 1932 by the Episcopal Church, it became an independent junior college in 1934, and has been awarding baccalaureate and master's degrees 
Hermann Julius Oberth (; 25 June 1894 – 28 December 1989) was an Austro-Hungarian-born German physicist and engineer. He is considered one of the founding fathers of rocketry and astronautics, along with the French Robert Esnault-Pelterie, the Russian Konstantin Tsiolkovsky and the American Robert Goddard.
Sharon Christa McAuliffe (née Corrigan; September 2, 1948 – January 28, 1986) was an American teacher and astronaut from Concord, New Hampshire and one of the seven crew members killed in the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster.
Josephine Tey was a pseudonym used by Elizabeth MacKintosh (25 July 1896 – 13 February 1952), a Scottish author best remembered for her mystery novels. She also wrote plays under the name Gordon Daviot.
Sun Yat-sen (; 12 November 1866 – 12 March 1925) was a Chinese politician, physician and philosopher who provisionally served as the first president of the Republic of China; and the first leader of the Kuomintang . He is referred as the "Father of the Nation" in the Republic of China due to his instrumental role in the overthrow of the Qing dynasty during the Xinhai Revolution. 
Preston is a city and the administrative centre of Lancashire, England, on the north bank of the River Ribble.
Levi Parsons Morton (May 16, 1824 – May 16, 1920) was the 22nd vice president of the United States from 1889 to 1893. He also served as United States ambassador to France, as a representative from New York, and as the 31st governor of New York.
Joanna Lamond Lumley, (born 1 May 1946) is an English actress, former model, author and activist. She won two BAFTA TV Awards for her role as Patsy Stone in the BBC sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous" (1992–2012), and was nominated for the 2011 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for the Broadway revival of "La Bête". 
Berwick-upon-Tweed  is a town in the county of Northumberland. It is the northernmost town in England, at the mouth of the River Tweed on the east coast, south of the Scottish border . Berwick is approximately east-south east of Edinburgh, north of Newcastle upon Tyne and north of London.
Joseph Vernon "Big Joe" Turner Jr. (May 18, 1911 – November 24, 1985) was an American blues shouter from Kansas City, Missouri. According to songwriter Doc Pomus, "Rock and roll would have never happened without him." 
Emmanuel Levinas (; ; 12 January 1906 – 25 December 1995) was a French philosopher of Lithuanian Jewish ancestry who is known for his work related to Jewish philosophy, existentialism, ethics, phenomenology and ontology.
Bartel Leendert van der Waerden (; February 2, 1903 – January 12, 1996) was a Dutch mathematician and historian of mathematics.
Ptolemy VII Neos Philopator  was an Egyptian king of the Ptolemaic period. His reign is controversial, and it is possible that he did not reign at all, but was only granted royal dignity posthumously.
Omar Khayyam (; ; 18 May 1048 – 4 December 1131) was a Persian mathematician, astronomer, and poet. He was born in Nishapur, in northeastern Iran, and spent most of his life near the court of the Karakhanid and Seljuq rulers in the period which witnessed the First Crusade.
Enki Bilal (; born October 7, 1951) is a French comic book creator, comics artist and film director.
Arthur John Robin Gorell Milner (13 January 1934 – 20 March 2010), known as Robin Milner or A. J. R. G. Milner, was a British computer scientist, and a Turing Award winner.
Addiscombe is an area of south London, England, within the London Borough of Croydon. It is located south of Charing Cross and lies within the Historic County of Surrey. Addiscombe is a ward, and had a population of 16,883 in 2011.
Blackheath is a district of south east London, England, within the Royal Borough of Greenwich and the London Borough of Lewisham. It is located east of Lewisham, and south of Greenwich. Blackheath is within the historic boundaries of Kent.
Chiswick  is a district of west London, England. It contains Hogarth's House, the former residence of the 18th-century English artist William Hogarth; Chiswick House, a neo-Palladian villa regarded as one of the finest in England; and Fuller's Brewery, London's largest and oldest brewery. 
Dulwich  is an area of south London, England. The settlement is mostly in the London Borough of Southwark, with parts in the London Borough of Lambeth and consists of Dulwich Village, East Dulwich, West Dulwich and the Southwark half of Herne Hill . Dulwich lies in a valley between the neighbouring districts of Camberwell, Crystal Palace, Denmark Hill, Forest Hill, Peckham, Sydenham Hill and Tulse Hill and was in Surrey until 1889, when the County of London was created.
Wilson Phillips is an American vocal group consisting of Carnie Wilson, Wendy Wilson, and Chynna Phillips, the daughters, respectively, of Brian Wilson of The Beach Boys and of John and Michelle Phillips of The Mamas & the Papas.
Wellington is a small market town in rural Somerset, a county in the west of England, situated south west of Taunton in the Somerset West and Taunton district, near the border with Devon, which runs along the Blackdown Hills to the south of the town. The town has a population of 14,549, which includes the residents of the parish of Wellington Without, and the villages of Tone and Tonedale.
Kolombangara  is an island in the New Georgia Islands group of the nation state of Solomon Islands in the southwestern Pacific Ocean. The name is from a local language, a rough translation of its meaning is "Water Lord" with approximately 80 rivers and streams running down its flanks.
Joan Manuel Serrat i Teresa (; born 27 December 1943) is a Spanish musician, singer-songwriter, recording artist, and performer. He is considered one of the most important figures of modern, popular music in both the Spanish and Catalan languages.
Alexander Alexandrovich Fadeyev (; – 13 May 1956) was a Soviet writer, one of the co-founders of the Union of Soviet Writers and its chairman from 1946 to 1954.
The Eastern Suburbs is the metropolitan region directly to the east and south-east of the central business district in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Stephanie Tubbs Jones (September 10, 1949 – August 20, 2008) was a Democratic politician and member of the United States House of Representatives. She represented the 11th District of Ohio, which encompasses most of downtown and eastern Cleveland and many of the eastern suburbs in Cuyahoga County, including Euclid, Cleveland Heights, and Shaker Heights. She was the first African-American woman to be elected to Congress from Ohio.
The River Ribble runs through North Yorkshire and Lancashire in Northern England. It starts close to the Ribblehead Viaduct in North Yorkshire, and is one of the few that start in the Yorkshire Dales and flow westwards towards the sea .
The Grande Ronde River  is a tributary of the Snake River, long, in northeastern Oregon and southeastern Washington in the United States. It drains an area southeast of the Blue Mountains and northwest of the Wallowa Mountains, on the Columbia Plateau. It flows through the agricultural Grande Ronde Valley in its middle course and through a series of scenic canyons in its lower course.
Martin Sam Milner (December 28, 1931 – September 6, 2015) was an American film, stage, radio, and television actor. Milner is known for his performances on two television series: "Route 66", which aired on CBS from 1960 to 1964, and "Adam-12", which aired on NBC from 1968 to 1975.
Redvers is a town in southeastern Saskatchewan, Canada. It is the first town one passes through travelling west from Manitoba on the Red Coat Trail, once a thoroughfare of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, and now modern Highway 13. A statue of a Mountie on a horse can be seen just west of the intersection of Highway 13 and Highway 8.
Sir John Edward Sulston (27 March 1942 – 6 March 2018) was a British biologist and academic who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his work on the cell lineage and genome of the worm "Caenorhabditis elegans" in 2002 with his colleagues Sydney Brenner and Robert Horvitz. He was a leader in human genome research and Chair of the Institute for Science, Ethics and Innovation at the University of Manchester.
Boomerang is an American pay television network and streaming service owned by Warner Bros. Entertainment, a subsidiary of AT&T's WarnerMedia. It specializes in classic and contemporary animated programming owned by Warner Bros., including "Looney Tunes", "Tom and Jerry", and "Scooby-Doo".
Thomas Stanley Matthews (July 21, 1824 – March 22, 1889), known as Stanley Matthews in adulthood, was an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court, serving from May 1881 to his death in 1889. Matthews was the Court's 46th justice. Before his appointment to the Court by President James A. Garfield, Matthews served as a senator from his home state of Ohio, and as an attorney.
Charlottetown Airport, , is located north of Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, Canada. The airport is currently run by the Charlottetown Airport Authority, is owned by Transport Canada and forms part of the National Airports System.
Sooke is a district municipality on the southern tip of Vancouver Island, Canada, 38 kilometres by road from Victoria, the capital of British Columbia. Sooke, the westernmost of Greater Victoria's Western Communities, is to the north and west of the Sooke Basin.
Tiritiri Matangi Island is located in the Hauraki Gulf of New Zealand, east of the Whangaparaoa Peninsula in the North Island and north east of Auckland. The island is an open nature reserve managed by the Supporters of Tiritiri Matangi Incorporated, under the supervision of the Department of Conservation and is noted for its bird life, including takahē, North Island kōkako and kiwi. 
Piraeus Bank A.E. , is a Greek multinational financial services company with its headquarters in Athens, Greece. Piraeus Bank's stocks are listed on the Athens Stock Exchange  since January 1918..
Carl Ludwig Siegel (31 December 1896 – 4 April 1981) was a German mathematician specialising in number theory and celestial mechanics. He is known for, amongst other things, his contributions to the Thue–Siegel–Roth theorem in Diophantine approximation and the Siegel mass formula for quadratic forms. 
The Colo River, a perennial stream that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia. 
Omid Djalili (; born 30 September 1965) is an English stand-up comedian, actor, television producer, voice actor and writer.
Charles Albert Vanik (April 7, 1913 – August 30, 2007) was a Democratic politician from Ohio. He served in the United States House of Representatives.
Union University is a private, evangelical Christian, liberal arts university located in Jackson, Tennessee, with additional campuses in Germantown and Hendersonville. The university is affiliated with the Tennessee Baptist Convention and relates to the Southern Baptist Convention.
The Shoalhaven River is a perennial river that rises from the Southern Tablelands and flows into an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary near Nowra on the South Coast of New South Wales, Australia.
Cyrille Regis, MBE (9 February 1958 – 14 January 2018) was an English international footballer who played as a forward. His professional playing career spanned 19 years, where he made 614 league appearances and scored 158 league goals, most prolifically at West Bromwich Albion and Coventry City. Regis also won five caps with the England national team.
The Matanuska River is a 75-mile (121 km) long stream in Southcentral Alaska, United States. The river drains a broad valley south of the Alaska Range eponymously known as the Matanuska Valley.
Lieutenant-General James FitzGerald, 1st Duke of Leinster, PC  (29 May 1722 – 19 November 1773), styled Lord Offaly until 1744 and known as The Earl of Kildare between 1744 and 1761 and as The Marquess of Kildare between 1761 and 1766, was an Irish nobleman, soldier and politician.
The National Unity of Hope  is a political party in Guatemala. It was founded in 2002 and defines itself as a social-democratic and social-Christian party.
Lorna Regina Bautista Legarda (born January 28, 1960) is a Filipino environmentalist, cultural worker, journalist, and politician, who is currently serving as a congresswoman of Antique. She previously served as Senator of the Philippines for three terms and is notable as the only female to top two senatorial elections — 1998 and 2007. During the 2004 Philippine general election, she ran for the position of Vice-President as an Independent with Fernando Poe, Jr. as running mate and again during the 2010 Philippine presidential election, for the same position as a member of the Nationalist People's Coalition  with Manny Villar.
Mark Ruffalo (; born November 22, 1967) is an American actor and producer, who gained international recognition for his role as Bruce Banner / Hulk in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, beginning with "The Avengers" (2012). He reprised the role in "Iron Man 3" (2013), "" (2015), "" (2017), "" (2018), "Captain Marvel" (2019) and "" (2019).
Count Johann Hartwig Ernst von Bernstorff (; 13 May 1712 – 18 February 1772) was a German-Danish statesman and a member of the Bernstorff noble family of Mecklenburg. He was the son of Joachim Engelke "Freiherr" von Bernstorff, chamberlain to the Elector of Hanover.
Cornelis Jacobszoon Drebbel (; 1572 – 7 November 1633) was a Dutch engineer and inventor. He was the builder of the first navigable submarine in 1620 and an innovator who contributed to the development of measurement and control systems, optics and chemistry.
Rodger Bumpass (born November 20, 1951) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He is best known for his long-running role as Squidward Tentacles on the American animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants". 
Chettinad is a region located mainly in the Sivaganga district ruled by Ramnad kingdom of Pandya Nadu and has a small portion extending into the Pudukottai District of Chola Nadu in Tamil Nadu, India.
Alyn Smith (born 15 September 1973) is a Scottish politician, and Scottish National Party Member of the European Parliament for Scotland.
Industria de Diseño Textil, S.A.  is a Spanish multinational clothing company headquartered in Arteixo  in Galicia.
The Otselic River, formerly known as Otselic Creek is a tributary of the Tioughnioga River in central New York in the United States. It drains a hilly area, mostly forested and agricultural, east of the Finger Lakes at the northern edge of the Susquehanna River watershed.
Allan Rex Sandage (June 18, 1926 – November 13, 2010) was an American astronomer. He was Staff Member Emeritus with the Carnegie Observatories in Pasadena, California. 
The Clarion River is a tributary of the Allegheny River, approximately 110 mi (177 km) long, in west central Pennsylvania in the United States. It drains a rugged area of the Allegheny Plateau in the Ohio River watershed, flowing through narrow serpentine valleys and hardwood forests.
Hank Brian Marvin (born Brian Robson Rankin, 28 October 1941) is an English multi-instrumentalist, vocalist and songwriter. He is best known as the lead guitarist for the Shadows, a group which primarily performed instrumentals and was the backing band for Cliff Richard, and subsequently for Marvin, Welch & Farrar.
Adolphe Yvon (1817–1893) was a French painter known for his paintings of the Napoleonic Wars. Yvon studied under Paul Delaroche, rose to fame during the Second Empire, then finished his career as a teacher.
Mary Louise McDonald (born 1 May 1969) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician serving as Leader of Sinn Féin since February 2018 and Teachta Dála  for Dublin Central since the 2011 general election. She previously served as Deputy Leader of Sinn Féin from 2009 to 2018 and Member of the European Parliament  for Dublin from 2004 to 2009.
William Orlando Butler (April 19, 1791 – August 6, 1880) was a U.S. political figure and U.S. Army major general from Kentucky. He served as a Democratic congressman from Kentucky from 1839 to 1843, and was the Democratic vice-presidential nominee under Lewis Cass in 1848.
Adachi is well known for romantic comedy and sports manga  such as "Touch", "H2", "Slow Step", "Miyuki" and "Cross Game". He has been described as a writer of "delightful dialogue", a genius at portraying everyday life, "the greatest pure storyteller", and "a master manga artist". He is one of the few manga artists to write for shōnen, shōjo and seinen manga magazines, and be popular in all three.
The Michigan State University College of Law  is a private law school in East Lansing, Michigan and affiliated with Michigan State University. Established in 1891 as the Detroit College of Law, it was the first law school in the Detroit, Michigan area and the second in the state of Michigan. 
Heidi Anneli Hautala (born 14 November 1955) is a Finnish politician and Member of the European Parliament  from Finland. She is a member of the Green League, part of the European Green Party.
Lakeshore is a town on Lake St. Clair, in Essex County, Ontario, Canada. The town was incorporated in 1999 by amalgamating the Town of Belle River with the townships of Maidstone, Rochester, Tilbury North, and Tilbury West. It is part of the Windsor census metropolitan area.
Hamilton Crescent is a cricket ground located in the Partick area of Glasgow, Scotland. It is the home of the West of Scotland Cricket Club.
Milton Gray Campbell (December 9, 1933 – November 2, 2012) was an American decathlete of the 1950s. In 1956, he became the first African American to win the gold medal in the decathlon of the Summer Olympic Games.
Akershus Fortress  or Akershus Castle  is a medieval castle that was built to protect and provide a royal residence for Oslo, the capital of Norway. The castle has also been used as a military base, and is today a museum, open for public.
Coleford is a small market town in the west of the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, England, two miles (3.2 km) east of the Welsh border and close to the Wye Valley. It is the administrative centre of the Forest of Dean district. The combined population of the two electoral wards in Coleford at the 2011 census was 8,359.
Louis Bourdaloue (August 20, 1632 – May 13, 1704) was a French Jesuit and preacher.
Westchester Community College  is a public, two-year community college, sponsored by Westchester County, and the State University of New York . The college is one of 30 community colleges affiliated with SUNY. The main campus is located in Valhalla, New York, on the 218 acre former estate of John A. Hartford.
Darius Martin Clarke Vassell (born 13 June 1980) is an English retired footballer who played as a forward for Aston Villa, Manchester City, Ankaragücü and Leicester City.
Aztec Camera were a Scottish pop/new wave band formed by Roddy Frame, the group's singer, songwriter, and only consistent member. Formed in 1980, Aztec Camera released a total of six albums: "High Land, Hard Rain" (1983), "Knife" (1984), "Love" (1987), "Stray" (1990), "Dreamland" (1993) and "Frestonia" (1995). The band garnered popular success for the songs "Oblivious", "Somewhere in My Heart" and "Good Morning Britain" .
John Edward Kenna (April 10, 1848January 11, 1893) was an American politician who was a Senator from West Virginia from 1883 until his death.
WAMZ is a country music-formatted radio station located in Louisville, Kentucky. The station broadcasts on 97.5 FM with an ERP of 100 kW. The station's studios are located in the Louisville enclave of Watterson Park and the transmitter site is in Brooks, Kentucky.
Woodlark Island, known to its inhabitants simply as Woodlark or Muyua, is the main island of the Woodlark Islands archipelago, located in Milne Bay Province and the Solomon Sea, Papua New Guinea. 
Puebla de Sanabria is a small town located in the north-western part of the province of Zamora in Spain, between the rivers Tera and Castro.
MCV Bus and Coach is an Egyptian manufacturer of bus bodies founded in 2002 when Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles purchased some of the design rights of defunct English bus builder Marshall Bus.
Richard Hugh Blackmore (born 14 April 1945) is an English guitarist and songwriter. He was one of the founding members of Deep Purple in 1968, playing jam-style hard-rock music which mixed guitar riffs and organ sounds. During his solo career, he established the heavy metal 
Melvin Riley Baldwin (April 12, 1838 – April 15, 1901) was a Representative from Minnesota.
Locksbottom is an area of South East London within the London Borough of Bromley. It is located west of Orpington and south east of Bromley. 
Avola ; "Abola" in Latin) is a city and "comune" in the province of Syracuse, Sicily .
Braddock Bay, sometimes improperly referred to as Braddock's Bay, is a small bay of Lake Ontario located in Monroe County northwest of Rochester, New York in the United States. Braddock Bay is renowned for being an excellent bird-watching location, as raptors and other birds congregate there when migrating north in spring.
The Dead Diamond River is an river in northern New Hampshire in the United States. Its water enters the Atlantic Ocean on the coast of Maine by passing through the Magalloway, Androscoggin, and Kennebec rivers.
Kim Sang-Sik (born December 17, 1976) is a South Korean former football player, who last played for the K League 1 side Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors.
FarEasTone Telecommunications  is a telecommunications company based in Taiwan. It is the second largest telco in Taiwan after Chunghwa Telecom. 
Le Tampon  is the fourth-largest commune in the French overseas department of Réunion. It is located on the south-central part of the island of Réunion, adjacent to Saint-Pierre.
The West Branch of the Dead Diamond River is a long river in northern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Dead Diamond River, located in the Androscoggin River watershed of Maine and New Hampshire.
Barbara Petzold (later Beyer, born 8 August 1955) is a former East German Cross-country skier who competed during the 1970s and early 1980s. She won two gold medals at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid in the 10 km and the 4 × 5 km, and a bronze in the 4 × 5 km at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
Trophy Scars, from Morristown, New Jersey, is an experimental rock band with blues and psychedelic influences. Trophy Scars began as a post-hardcore group but has since embraced broader genres.
Bourgoin-Jallieu is a commune in the Isère department in the province of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in France.
The Nashville Symphony is an American symphony orchestra, based in Nashville, Tennessee. The orchestra performs 140 concerts annually.
The Party of New Liberals  was a shortly lived liberal political party in Greece.
South Benfleet is a town or populous, largely modern village in the Castle Point district of Essex, 30 miles east of London. The Benfleet SS7 post town includes South Benfleet, Thundersley, New Thundersley and Hadleigh. 
Horacio Marcelo Elizondo (born November 4, 1963 in Don Bosco, district of Quilmes) is a former Argentine international football referee best known for his officiation throughout the 2006 FIFA World Cup. Having achieved all his goals in refereeing, Elizondo retired after the December 10 match between Boca Juniors and Lanús, 3 years before the compulsory retirement age of 45.
The American College of Financial Services  is a private college focused on professional training for financial practitioners and located in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania. It offers several professional certifications, two types of master's degrees, and a PhD degree. 
KRSK (105.1 MHz, "105.1 The Buzz") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Molalla, Oregon, and broadcasting to the Portland metropolitan area. It is owned by Entercom and airs a Hot Adult Contemporary radio format. The station also broadcasts in HD Radio. 
Rosa von Praunheim (born 25 November 1942) is a German film director, author, painter and the most famous gay rights activist in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. In over 50 years, von Praunheim has made more than 150 films . 
Chang Jung Christian University  is a privately funded, research-intensive, Presbyterian, co-educational university located in Guiren District, Tainan, Taiwan. Chang Jung means "everlasting glory" in Mandarin.
Kaunas International Airport , is the second-busiest civil airport in Lithuania after Vilnius Airport and the fourth-busiest in the Baltic states. The airport is located in the central part of the country, northeast of the Kaunas city centre and 100 km west from the capital Vilnius.
Wentworth Military Academy and College was a private two-year military college and high school in Lexington, Missouri. Wentworth was one of five military junior colleges in the United States. The institution was founded in 1880 and closed in 2017.
Trebujena is a city and municipality located in the province of Cádiz, part of Andalusia in southern Spain. The area is known for its labor movement and its vineyards.
Double-H Boots manufactures western footwear. It is owned by H.H. Brown, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway.
Democratic Renewal , "Dimokratiki Ananeosi") was a Greek political party founded by Konstantinos Stephanopoulos on September 6, 1985. It continued to exist until June 1994.
The Mohammed bin Zayed Stadium  is a multi-purpose stadium in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. It is currently used mostly for football and cricket matches and is the home ground of Al Jazira Club. It is named after Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan.
Kioloa is a small hamlet located on the South Coast of New South Wales, Australia and is within the City of Shoalhaven local government area. It is pronounced by locals as 'Ky-ola'. At the , Kioloa had a population of 257.
FC Kuban  was a Russian football club based in Krasnodar. The team began playing in the Russian Premier League in 2011, after it was promoted for winning the Russian First Division.
Baymak  is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located in the upper streams of the Tanalyk River  south of Ufa. Population: 
Bakony is a mountainous region in Transdanubia, Hungary. It forms the largest part of the Transdanubian Mountains. It is located north of Lake Balaton and lies almost entirely in Veszprém county.
Daehangno  is a neighborhood in Seoul north of the Han River within Jongno-gu and Seodaemun-gu.
Ferran Corominas Telechea (born 5 January 1983), commonly known as Coro, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward for Indian club FC Goa.
KEZY (1240 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish language Christian format. Licensed to San Bernardino, California, United States, the station is currently owned by Hi-Favor Broadcasting, LLC.
KFBI-LD, virtual channel 48 (UHF digital channel 19), is a low-powered dual MyNetworkTV/Telemundo-affiliated television station licensed to Medford, Oregon, United States. Owned by Northwest Broadcasting, it is a sister station to Fox affiliate KMVU-DT (channel 26) and low-powered Sonlife Broadcasting Network affiliate KMCW-LD (channel 14). 
Bad Rappenau is situated in the northeastern Kraichgau.
Annika Liebs Lurz (née "Liebs", born 6 September 1979 in Karlsruhe) is an Olympic and former World Record-holding swimmer from Germany. She swam for her homeland at the 2008 Olympics.
Mara Santangelo (born 28 June 1981) is a retired tennis player from Italy.
Manon van Rooijen (born 3 July 1982 in Leerdam) is a freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who was a member of the Dutch Women's 4 × 100 m freestyle relay Team that won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. She did so alongside Inge de Bruijn, Wilma van Hofwegen and Thamar Henneken.
Charles Richard Shyer (born October 11, 1951) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. Shyer's films are predominantly comedies, often with a romantic-comedy overtone. His films include "Private Benjamin" (1980); "Irreconcilable Differences" (1984); "Baby Boom" (1987); "Father of the Bride" (1991); and "Father of the Bride Part II" (1995), "The Parent Trap" (1998), "The Affair of the Necklace"  (2001), "Alfie" (2004) and "Ieri, Oggi Domani " (2012).
Emiliano Brembilla (born 21 December 1978 in Ponte San Pietro, near Bergamo) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy.
The Cold River is an long river located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Bearcamp River, part of the Ossipee River and Saco River watersheds. The river lies entirely in the town of Sandwich.
Baboosic Brook is a stream located in southern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Souhegan River, which flows to the Merrimack River and ultimately to the Gulf of Maine.
The New York Greeks was an American soccer club based in New York City that was a member of the American Soccer League.
Ataxia was a short-lived American experimental rock band formed in 2004 by guitarist John Frusciante , bassist Joe Lally  and drummer Josh Klinghoffer , who later succeeded Frusciante as the lead guitarist of the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
WNYI is a Daystar owned-and-operated television station licensed to Ithaca, New York, United States and serving the Elmira, Binghamton and Syracuse television markets. Owned by Word of God Fellowship, the station broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on UHF channel 20 (or virtual channel 52 via PSIP) from a transmitter in Truxton, near the Labrador Hollow Unique Area. 
John II Doukas, also Angelos Doukas  , was ruler of Thessaly from 1303 to his death in 1318.
Tenosique is a town located in Tenosique Municipality in the southeastern corner of the state of Tabasco, in Mexico. Its official name is Tenosique de Pino Suárez. 
WPLR (99.1 FM, also known as "99.1 PLR" or "Connecticut's #1 Rock Station") licensed to New Haven, Connecticut, is a classic rock station owned by Connoisseur Media as of May 10, 2013. The station's playlist includes Jimi Hendrix, Led Zeppelin, Pearl Jam and modern rock. 
Schramberg is a town in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated in the eastern Black Forest, 25 km northwest of Rottweil. With all of its districts (Talstadt, Sulgen, Waldmössingen, Heiligenbronn, Schönbronn and Tennenbronn (since 2006)), it has about 22,000 inhabitants.
The Bangladesh Open University  or BOU is a public university with its main campus in Board Bazar, Gazipur District, Dhaka Division. It is the 7th largest university in the world according to enrolment.
The Newfound River is a river located in central New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Pemigewasset River, part of the Merrimack River watershed.
Shoe Island is a small island or islet in the Beaver Island archipelago in Lake Michigan. It is about in size and located in eastern St. James Township, Charlevoix County, Michigan. It became part of the Michigan Islands National Wildlife Refuge in 1943, and was designated as part of the Michigan Islands Wilderness Area in 1970.
San Gabriel Valley Airport  is a public airport one mile (1.6 km) north of El Monte, in Los Angeles County, California. The airport covers and has one runway. 
Zaragoza Airport  is an international airport near Zaragoza, Spain. It is located west of Zaragoza, west of Barcelona, and northeast of Madrid. 
Aaron Pointer, better known by his stage name Abstract Rude, is a rapper from Los Angeles, California.
Haar is a municipality in the district of Munich, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 12 km east of Munich . As of 2017 it had a population of more than 20,000.
The Mad River is a river located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Pemigewasset River, part of the Merrimack River watershed.
Hofgeismar is a town in the district of Kassel, in northern Hesse, Germany. It is located 25 km north of Kassel on the German Timber-Frame Road. In 1978 and in 2015, the town hosted the 18th "Hessentag" state festival.
Summerset is a city in Meade County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,814 at the 2010 census. 
Radio 98 is a youth-oriented radio station in Montenegro. Its headquarters are in Podgorica.
Kilikia Football Club , is a defunct Armenian football club from the capital Yerevan.
Sofoklis Schortsanitis  (born 22 June 1985) is a Greek professional basketball player. Born in Tiko, Cameroon, to a Greek father, Konstantinos, and a Cameroonian mother, Georgette, he plays the center position.
Mut is a town and district of Mersin Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey.
Vreed en Hoop is a town at the mouth of the Demerara River on its left bank, in the Essequibo Islands-West Demerara region of Guyana, located at sea level. It is the location of the Regional Democratic Council office making it the administrative center for the region. 
Thongloun Sisoulith (; born 10 November 1946) is a Laotian politician who has been Prime Minister of Laos since 2016. Previously he was Deputy Prime Minister from 2001 to 2016, as well as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2016. He is a politburo member of the Lao People's Revolutionary Party, ranking fourth.
Bruno Saby (born 23 February 1949 in Grenoble) is a rally driver from France.
The Proletarian Unity Party  was a political party in Italy.
Ober-Ramstadt is a town in the Darmstadt-Dieburg district, in Hessen, Germany. It is situated 9 km southeast of Darmstadt. 
Freigericht is a town in the Main-Kinzig district, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated 15 km east of Hanau, close to the Frankfurt Rhein-Main region at the foothills of the Spessart, directly at the Hesse-Bavaria border. 
Venancio Flores Barrios (18 May 1808 – 19 February 1868) was a Uruguayan political leader and general. Flores was President of Uruguay from 1854 to 1855  and from 1865 to 1868.
Solms is a town west of Wetzlar in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis, Hessen, Germany.
Angier Louis Goodwin (January 30, 1881 – June 20, 1975) was a United States Representative from Massachusetts.
Malsch is a municipality in the district of Karlsruhe, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 15 km south of Karlsruhe, and 10 km east of Rastatt, at the eastern border of the Upper Rhine Plain.
Goce Sedloski (; born 10 April 1974) is a Macedonian former professional footballer who is currently the manager of Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina club NK Široki Brijeg.
Stefan Majewski (born 31 January 1956 in Bydgoszcz) is a retired Polish footballer and football manager.
Endemol Australia  was Australia's largest independent television production and distribution group. In 2015, the company was merged with Shine Australia to form Endemol Shine Australia.
WAXX (104.5 FM) is a radio station in the Eau Claire area of Wisconsin, with its studio/offices located in Altoona, Wisconsin. Its transmitter is located in Fairchild, Wisconsin, sharing the tower with 
Alexander Tamanian (, March 4, 1878 – February 20, 1936) was a Russian-born Armenian neoclassical architect, well known for his work in the city of Yerevan.
Lich is a town in the district of Gießen, in Hessen, Germany. It is situated 12 km southeast of Gießen. 
Ziegenhain is a municipality in the district of Altenkirchen, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Jean-Baptiste Alexandre Le Blond (1679 – 10 March 1719) was a French architect and garden designer who became the chief architect of Saint Petersburg in 1716.
Silent Force is a German power metal band with neoclassical and progressive influences, founded by German guitarist Alex Beyrodt.
Tena , the capital of the Napo Province, is a city in the Amazon rainforest. Known as the “cinnamon capital" of Ecuador, and founded by missionary explorers, Tena has emerged as a major commercial center of Ecuador. 
Eching is a municipality in the district of Freising, in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
United Left  was a left-wing political party in San Marino.
The Museum of Sydney is a historical collection and exhibit, built on the ruins of the house of New South Wales' first Governor, Arthur Phillip, on the present-day corner of Phillip and Bridge Street, Sydney. 
Gainas was a Gothic leader who served the Eastern Roman Empire as "magister militum" during the reigns of Theodosius I and Arcadius.
BBC Radio Shetland is an opt-out service of BBC Radio Scotland, covering the Shetland Islands, Scotland. The station's studio is located in Pitt Lane, Lerwick.
WPAY (1520 AM) is a radio station licensed to Rossford, Ohio, serving the Toledo metropolitan area. Owned by the Educational Media Foundation, it is an affiliate of its K-Love Classics network.
Kelly Adam Asbury (born January 15, 1960) is an American animated film director, screenwriter, voice actor, published children's book author/illustrator, and non-fiction author. He is best known for directing animated films, including "Shrek 2" and "Gnomeo & Juliet".
Grupo Desportivo de Maputo, usually known as Desportivo de Maputo, Desportivo Maputo or by the acronym GDM, is an association football club from Maputo, Mozambique.
Felt is an American underground hip hop duo, consisting of Slug of Atmosphere and Murs of Living Legends.
Mezzocorona , is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about north of the city of Trento.
Matt Cooper (born 18 April 1979) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s. A New South Wales State of Origin and Australian international representative , he played his entire National Rugby League career for the St George Illawarra Dragons, with whom he won the 2010 NRL grand final.
Infanta Maria Luisa of Spain  (24 November 1745 – 15 May 1792) was Holy Roman Empress, German Queen, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, Grand Duchess of Tuscany as the spouse of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor.
WCBZ-CD is a Class A low-power television station on UHF channel 18 (PSIP 22) in Marion, Ohio.
Gallery Oldham is a free-to-view public art gallery in the Cultural Quarter of central Oldham, in Greater Manchester, England.
Prince Sultan Air Base   is a military air base located in the closed-city Al Kharj, Saudi Arabia.
SegaWorld and Sega Park are names referring to arcades in the United Kingdom. The parks sought to promote Sega games while providing entertainment based on its licenses.
Pont-sur-Yonne is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Massimo Busacca (born 6 February 1969 in Bellinzona) is a Swiss former football referee. He lives in Monte Carasso, Ticino, near Bellinzona, and he is Head of FIFA Refereeing.
FC Ameri Tbilisi was a Georgian football club based in the district of Gldani in Tbilisi. The club was founded in 2002 and was dissolved in 2009 after a financial troubles.
Bad Urach is a town in the district of Reutlingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 14 km east of Reutlingen, at the foot of the Swabian "Alb" , and is known for its spa and therapeutic bath.
Oelsnitz  is a town in the Vogtlandkreis district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the White Elster river, south of Plauen and southwest of Zwickau.
Aleksandr Borisovich Lebziak (, born 15 April 1969) is a Russian boxer, who won the Gold medal in the men's Light Heavyweight (81 kg) category at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He beat Rudolf Kraj in the final.
The Huila New and Liberalism  is a regional political party in Colombia, closely affiliated to the Liberal Party of Colombia. 
Shen Yue (; 441–513), courtesy name Xiuwen , was a poet, statesman, and historian born in Huzhou, Zhejiang. He served emperors under the Liu Song Dynasty, the Southern Qi Dynasty, and the Liang Dynasty.
Langeoog is one of the seven inhabited East Frisian Islands at the edge of the Lower Saxon Wadden Sea in the southern North Sea, located between Baltrum Island , and Spiekeroog . It is also a municipality in the district of Wittmund in Lower Saxony, Germany. The name "Langeoog" means "Long Island" in the Low German dialect.
Hateruma  is an island in the Yaeyama District of Okinawa Prefecture, Japan. Part of the town Taketomi, it is the southern-most "inhabited" island in Japan at 24°2’25" north latitude, 123°47’16" east longitude. 
Prof Andrew Russell Forsyth, FRS, FRSE (18 June 1858, Glasgow – 2 June 1942, South Kensington) was a British mathematician.
Brewery Field  is an 8,000 capacity sports stadium in Bridgend, Wales 1,100 of which is seated capacity. It is the home ground of the rugby union team Bridgend Ravens. 
Michael Critobulus (, c. 1410 – c. 1470) was a Greek politician, scholar and historian. He is known as the author of a history of the Ottoman conquest of the Eastern Roman Empire under Sultan Mehmet II. Steven Runciman included Critobulus' work, along with the writings of Doukas, Laonicus Chalcondyles and George Sphrantzes, as one of the principal Greek sources for the Fall of Constantinople in 1453.
Windsor Castle is a royal residence at Windsor in the English county of Berkshire. It is notable for its long association with the English and later British royal family and for its architecture.
Paulo Mendes da Rocha (born October 25, 1928 in Vitória, Espírito Santo) is a Brazilian architect.
Agna is a town and commune in the province of Padua, in the Veneto region of northern Italy.
Hennigsdorf is a town in the district of Oberhavel, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated north-west of Berlin, just across the city border, which is formed mainly by the Havel river.
The Sisters, or Rangitatahi in Maori, is a group of three islands located north of Cape Pattison, Chatham Island. They are the northernmost members of the Chatham Archipelago, located east of New Zealand's South Island.
"Arnie" Paul Robinson Jr. (born April 7, 1948) is a retired American athlete. He won a bronze medal in the long jump at the 1972 Olympics and a gold medal in 1976.
Ponikve Airport  is an airport in the western part of Serbia, located on the Ponikve plateau: 12 km (7.5 mi) northwest from the city of Užice. The airport boasts one of the longest runways in the Balkans, and the second longest in Serbia.
Delaware Coastal Airport is a public use airport in Sussex County, Delaware, United States. Owned by the Sussex County Council, it is located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Georgetown. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration  National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a regional general aviation facility.
Edith Bosch (born 31 May 1980) is a Dutch judoka.
Fernando José Cabrera (born November 16, 1981) is a professional baseball right-handed relief pitcher.
Rory Darnell Sparrow (born June 12, 1958) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association .
Teddy Thompson (born 19 February 1976) is a British folk and rock musician. He is the son of folk-rock musicians Richard and Linda Thompson and brother of singer Kamila Thompson. 
Andrew Dickson Murray FRSE FRPSE FLS (19 February 1812, Edinburgh – 10 January 1878, Kensington) was a Scottish lawyer, botanist, zoologist and entomologist. Murray studied insects which caused crop damage, specialising in the "Coleoptera". 
Santa Isabel Island  is the longest in Solomon Islands, the third largest in terms of surface area, and the largest in the group of islands in Isabel Province.
Wladimiro Guadagno (born 24 June 1965 in Foggia, Apulia), better known as Vladimir Luxuria, is an Italian trans actress, writer, politician and television host. Luxuria was a Communist Refoundation Party MP, belonging to The Union coalition led by Romano Prodi.
Sanguinet  is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France, situated next to Étang de Cazaux et de Sanguinet.
The Ennstal Alps , the Alps of the Enns valley, are a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps System. They are located primarily in the Austrian state of Styria, and also into the state of Upper Austria.
Gregory VII (; 21 September 1850 – 17 November 1924) was Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 1923 until 1924.
Zack Ward (born August 31, 1970) is a Canadian character actor.
Ohrid St. Paul the Apostle Airport , also known as Ohrid Airport , is an international airport in Ohrid, North Macedonia. The airport is located 9 km (6 mi) northwest from Ohrid. 
Geoffrey Ernest Duke (29 March 1923 – 1 May 2015) was a British multiple motorcycle Grand Prix road racing world champion. Born in St. Helens, Lancashire, after retirement from competition he was a businessman based in the Isle of Man. 
The East of England Co-operative Society is the fourth largest consumer co-operative in the United Kingdom after The Co-operative Group, The Midcounties Co-operative and Central England Co-operative. It is a registered industrial and provident society with its headquarters in Wherstead, near Ipswich and trading in the eastern counties of Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk and Cambridgeshire. 
The Guaviare is a tributary of the Orinoco in Colombia.
NYAV Post is an American recording studio located in New York City. It was founded by Michael Sinterniklaas in 2000, with a West Coast branch located in Los Angeles, California.
The Black River is a river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan, flowing mostly in Gogebic County into Lake Superior at . Its source at is a boreal wetland on the border with Iron County, Wisconsin. The northern section of the river, within the boundaries of the Ottawa National Forest, was designated a National Wild and Scenic River in 1992.
Eramet is a French multinational mining and metallurgy company, listed on the Euronext Paris exchange under the symbol ERA.
St-Pierre-du-Chemin is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Marie of Montpellier  (1182 – 21 April 1213) was Lady of Montpellier and by her three marriages Viscountess of Marseille, Countess of Comminges and Queen of Aragon.
The Yukon Liquor Corporation regulates the distribution, purchase and sale of alcoholic beverages in the Canadian territory of Yukon.
The Newfoundland and Labrador Liquor Corporation is a provincial crown corporation of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It is responsible for managing the importation, sale and distribution of beverage alcohol within the province. 
Rehab is an American Southern rock, country, and alternative hip hop band. The band has recorded seven albums, including two each for Epic Records and Universal Republic. They are mainly known for their 2000 hit, "Bartender Song ".
Piccadilly is a small town in the Adelaide Hills of South Australia, Australia. At the , Piccadilly had a population of 509.
Daegu Baseball Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Daegu, South Korea. It is currently used mostly for baseball games and was the home stadium of Samsung Lions between 1982 and 2015. 
Pattensen is a town in the district of Hanover, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately south of Hanover.
Townsville Entertainment and Convention Centre is an indoor sports arena located in Townsville, Queensland, Australia. The capacity of the arena is 5,257 and was built in 1993.
Wesselburen  is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen in the German Federal State of Schleswig-Holstein. It is situated near the North Sea coast, approximately 11 km west of Heide.
Of  is a town and district of Trabzon Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey. It is located in the eastern part of Trabzon and is an important historical district of the province. 
Codeblack Films is an American entertainment company. Codeblack focuses on films targeting African-American audiences.
Breitenfelde is a village in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated near the Elbe-Lübeck Canal, approx. 
Bald Eagle Creek is a tributary of the Little Juniata River in Blair County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It runs southwest through the Bald Eagle Valley at the foot of the Bald Eagle Mountain ridge to Tyrone.
Otto Martin Pfister (born 24 November 1937) is a German football manager and one of Germany's most successful coaching exports, voted Africa's "Manager of the Year" in 1992. He is formerly the manager of the Afghanistan national team.
The Cordillera de la Costa Central is a range of the Venezuelan Coastal Ranges System , in northern Venezuela.
Eringhem is a commune in the Nord department and Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
KVOX-FM (99.9 FM, "Froggy 99.9") is a country radio station located in Fargo, North Dakota  to twin city Moorhead, Minnesota), owned by Duey Wright's Midwest Communications, Inc.
Club Sportivo Cerrito, usually known simply as Cerrito, is an Uruguayan football club based in Cerrito de la Victoria, Montevideo. They currently play in the Segunda División Uruguaya.
Los Shakers were a popular rock band in 1960s and was a part of the Uruguayan Invasion in Latin America. They were heavily influenced by the look and sound of the Beatles. 
The River Tas is a river which flows northwards through South Norfolk in England - towards Norwich. The area is named the Tas Valley after the river. 
The Coppename is a river in Suriname  in the district of Sipaliwini, forming part of the boundary between the districts of Coronie and Saramacca.
The University of Verona  is a university located in Verona, Italy. It was founded in 1982 and is organized in 12 Departments. 
WHSV-TV, virtual channel 3 (UHF digital channel 20), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Harrisonburg, Virginia, United States and serving the Shenandoah Valley. Owned by Gray Television, WHSV maintains studios at 50 North Main Street (U.S. 11) in downtown Harrisonburg, and operates a newsroom in Fishersville, serving Staunton, Waynesboro, and Augusta County. The station's transmitter is located at Elliott Knob west of Staunton.
The Commonwealth Railways were established in 1917 by the Government of Australia with the Commonwealth Railways Act to administer the Trans-Australia and Port Augusta to Darwin railways. It was absorbed into Australian National in 1975.
KUCO is a classical music radio station serving the Oklahoma City, Oklahoma area and is owned by the University of Central Oklahoma. Studios are located at Central's campus in Edmond. 
The Free University of Bozen-Bolzano  is a university primarily located in Bolzano, Italy. It was founded on 31 October 1997 and is organized into five Faculties.
The University of Suffolk is a public university in Suffolk, England. The institution was established in 2007 as University Campus Suffolk ; the current name was adopted in 2016 when it was awarded university status.
George Evans (January 12, 1797April 6, 1867) was an American politician from the state of Maine. He was a member of the United States Whig Party.
WRBL is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Columbus, Georgia, United States, and serving the Chattahoochee Valley of west-central Georgia and east-central Alabama. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 15 (or virtual channel 3 via PSIP) from a transmitter in Cusseta. 
The Country and Progressive National Party was a short-lived conservative political party in the Australian state of Queensland. Formed in 1925, it combined the state's conservative forces in a single party and held office between 1929 and 1932 under the leadership of Arthur Edward Moore. 
Joseph Buttinger (30 April 1906, Reichersbeuern, Germany – 4 March 1992, Queens, New York) was an Austrian politician and, after his immigration to the United States, an expert on East Asia.
Mariinsky Posad  is a town and the administrative center of Mariinsko-Posadsky District in the Chuvash Republic, Russia, located on the right bank of the Volga River, east of Cheboksary, the capital of the republic. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 9,088.
Ratliff Stadium is a stadium in Odessa, Texas. It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field for the city's two public high schools, Odessa and Permian High Schools.
Gustav von Wangenheim (born Ingo Clemens Gustav Adolf Freiherr von Wangenheim; 18 February 1895 – 5 August 1975) was a German nobleman, actor, screenwriter and director.
Villetelle is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Malaunay is a commune of the Rouen Metropolis in the Seine-Maritime department in Normandy, Northwestern France.
WSRS (96.1 FM; "96-1 SRS") is an American commercial radio station licensed to Worcester, Massachusetts, and is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.. WSRS offers an adult contemporary music format focusing on the hits of the 1980s and 1990s. The station also mixes in occasional 1970s and 1960s big hits. 
The San Diego Nomads is a U.S. soccer team in San Diego, California.
Alife is a town and "comune" in the Province of Caserta , Italy. It is located in the Volturno valley, and is a flourishing centre of agricultural production.
John Percival Jones (January 27, 1829November 27, 1912) was an American politician who served for 30 years as a Republican United States Senator from Nevada. He made a fortune in silver mining and was a co-founder of the town of Santa Monica, California.
Jerramungup is a Western Australian town located in the Great Southern agricultural region, southeast of Perth west of the Gairdner River.
Agathonísi  is a small Greek island and municipality located at the northernmost point of the Dodecanese in Greece. 
Herzliya Airport ( , is an airport located in the city of Herzliya in central Israel. The airport is mainly used by flight schools and for general aviation. 
The South Calder Water,known locally as "The Cawder", is a river in Scotland. It runs west from the high plateau between Shotts and Fauldhouse to the River Clyde. 
Zamora Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Zamora, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded in 1969 it plays in Tercera División – Group 8, holding home games at "Estadio Ruta de la Plata", with a capacity of 8,000 seaters.
WBWN (104.1 FM, "B104") is a radio station licensed to the community of Le Roy, Illinois, and serving the greater Bloomington, Illinois, area. The station is owned by Cumulus Media. It airs a Country music format.
FC Ihroservice Simferopol was a Ukrainian football team based in Simferopol, Ukraine. Uniform colours are white shirts and blue shorts.
Club Deportivo Linares was a Spanish football team based in Linares, Jaén, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1990 and dissolved in July 2009, it played its last season in 2008–09, in Second Division B - Group 4. The team's stadium was "Estadio de Linarejos", with a capacity of 12,000 seats.
Aviat Aircraft Inc. is an American manufacturer of sport and utility aircraft based in Afton, Wyoming. . It's the oldest continuously operating aircraft manufacturer in the United States.
KEGS, VHF analog channel 7, was a television station licensed to Goldfield, Nevada, United States that served both the Reno and Las Vegas markets by way of translators KRRI-LP channel 25 in Reno and KEGS-LP channel 30 in Las Vegas. Like many stations that were owned by Equity Broadcasting, the stations were operated remotely by satellite; their programming could be seen free-to-air on Galaxy 18.
Sir Mark Philip Elder (born 2 June 1947) is a British conductor. He is the music director of the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester, England.
The United Gold Coast Convention  was a political party whose aim was to bring about Ghanaian independence from their British colonial masters after the Second World War.
The Pontifical Oriental Institute  or "Orientale" is the premier center for the study of Eastern Christianity in Rome, Italy.
Club Deportivo Guijuelo is a Spanish football team based in Guijuelo, Province of Salamanca, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded in 1974 it plays in Segunda División B – Group 1, holding home games at the 1,500-seat "Estadio Municipal de Guijuelo".
Ta'iarapu-Est  is a commune of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The commune of Tai'arapu-Est is located on the island of Tahiti, in the administrative subdivision of the Windward Islands, themselves part of the Society Islands. At the 2017 census it had a population of 12,701.
Conflans-sur-Seine is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Cerea is a town and "comune" in the province of Verona, Veneto, northern Italy.
Bailey Bartlett (January 29, 1750 – September 9, 1830) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Massachusetts.
The Puerto Rican Communist Party  is a communist party in Puerto Rico.
Holthusen is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Revel  is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
La Barthe-de-Neste is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
WBAV-FM (101.9 FM, ""V 101.9"") is an Urban Adult Contemporary radio station serving the Charlotte, North Carolina market. Owned by Beasley Broadcast Group, WBAV's studios are located on South Boulevard in Charlotte's South End, and a transmitter is located in Gastonia . 
Sylvia Miles (née Lee; September 9, 1924 – June 12, 2019) was an American actress. She was twice nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her performances in "Midnight Cowboy" (1969) and "Farewell, My Lovely" (1975).
Angela Robinson (born February 14, 1971) is an American film and television director, screenwriter and producer.
Northern Songs Ltd was a limited company founded in 1963, by music publisher Dick James, artist manager Brian Epstein, and songwriters John Lennon and Paul McCartney of the Beatles to publish songs written by Lennon and McCartney. In 1965, it was decided to make Northern Songs a public company, to reduce their income tax burden.
Grindsted with a population of 9,768 (2018) is the municipal seat and largest town of Billund Municipality, Denmark and belongs to the Region of Southern Denmark. It is located 42 km west of the major regional city of Vejle and 49 km northeast of the major harbour city Esbjerg. 
WERE (1490 AM) – branded NewsTalk 1490 – is a commercial news/talk radio station licensed to Cleveland Heights, Ohio. Owned by Radio One, the station serves Greater Cleveland. In the Cleveland radio market, WERE is the AM affiliate for "The Tom Joyner Morning Show", "Red Eye Radio", and "Keepin' it Real with Rev. Al Sharpton".
KCRO (660 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station in Omaha, Nebraska. KCRO is owned by Hickory Radio and airs a Christian talk and teaching radio format. 
Cheick Modibo Diarra (born 1952) is a Malian astrophysicist, businessman, and politician who was acting Prime Minister of Mali from April 2012 to December 2012.
Novopolotsk ; , "Novopolotsk", lit. "New Polotsk", ) is a city in Vitebsk Oblast, Belarus, with a population (2008 estimate) of 107,458. 
Karl-Heinz Riedle (; born 16 September 1965) is a German retired professional footballer who played as a striker.
Radiotelevisione svizzera di lingua italiana (RSI, abbreviated as RTSI until 28 February 2009) is a Swiss public broadcasting organisation, part of SRG SSR. RSI handles production and broadcasting of radio and television programs in Italian for Switzerland . RSI's administrative headquarters are located in Via Canevascini in Lugano-Besso.
Linda Ferga married Khodadin (born December 24, 1976 in Paris) is a French former athlete who competed in the 100 metres hurdles and 60 metres hurdles indoor.
SES Americom was a major commercial satellite operator of North American geosynchronous satellites based in the United States. The company started as RCA Americom in 1975 before being bought by General Electric in 1986 and then later acquired by SES S.A. in 2001. 
Soto del Real, whose former name was "Chozas de la Sierra", is a town and municipality in the northern area of the autonomous Community of Madrid which had 8,294 inhabitants in 2009.
Hugo Haase (29 September 1863 – 7 November 1919) was a German socialist politician, jurist and pacifist. With Friedrich Ebert, he co-chaired of the Council of the People's Deputies after the German Revolution of 1918–19.
French professor of mineralogy Charles-Victor Mauguin (19 September 1878 – 25 April 1958) was inventor  of an international standard notation for crystallographic groups known as the Hermann–Mauguin notation or International notation.
Anthony Guy Cascarino (born 1 September 1962) is a former footballer who played as a forward for various British and French clubs and internationally for the Republic of Ireland national team, with whom he competed in UEFA Euro 1988 and two World Cups in 1990 and 1994.
Postal Services of Portugal, plc  is the national postal service of Portugal.
Arbonne  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
Getaria is a coastal town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the North of Spain. This coastal village is located on the Urola Coast, with Zarautz to the east and Zumaia to the west.
Louhossoa  is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
The Wang River  is a river in northern Thailand.
Gilles De Bilde (born 9 June 1971) is a retired Belgian footballer who played as a striker. He played club football for Eendracht Aalst, Anderlecht, PSV, Sheffield Wednesday, Aston Villa, Lierse and Willebroek-Meerhof. He was capped by Belgium at international level.
Turriaco  is a town and "comune" in the province of Gorizia  near the Isonzo river.
Engstingen is a municipality in the Tübingen administrative region  in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It lies in the Swabian Jura , about south of Reutlingen.
The University of Monterrey  is a private Roman Catholic institution of higher learning located in Monterrey, Mexico.
Ahaxe-Alciette-Bascassan  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Arhansus  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
William Harry Vane, 1st Duke of Cleveland KG (27 July 1766 – 29 January 1842), styled Viscount Barnard until 1792 and known as The Earl of Darlington between 1792 and 1827 and as The Marquess of Cleveland between 1827 and 1833, was a British landowner and politician.
Irissarry  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department and Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Luxe-Sumberraute  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Aussurucq  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Camou-Cihigue  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
WKVP (106.9 FM, "K-LOVE") is a non-commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Camden, New Jersey in the Philadelphia media market. The station is owned and operated by Educational Media Foundation and is an affiliate of K-LOVE, EMF's contemporary Christian music network. Its broadcast tower is located southeast of Camden at .
Ordiarp  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Kapandriti  is a town in the north of East Attica in Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Oropos, of which it is a municipal unit. 
Durham Technical Community College  is a public community college in Durham, North Carolina. The college serves Northern Durham County at its Northern Durham Center, and in Orange County at its Orange County Campus completed in 2008.
Kaveret , also known as Poogy , was an Israeli rock band, which operated originally from 1973 to 1976. The band is notable for representing Israel in the 1974 Eurovision Song Contest and for its often humorous songs and unique style of music. 
Tuna Luso Brasileira, or Tuna Luso as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Belém in Pará, founded on January 1, 1903. The club won the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B in 1985, the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C in 1992, and has also won the state championship ten times (1937, 1938, 1941, 1948, 1951, 1955, 1958, 1970, 1983, 1988).
Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo, or Novo Hamburgo  as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Novo Hamburgo in Rio Grande do Sul, founded on 1 May 1911.
Israel Bruna (ישראל ברונא; 1480–1400) was a German rabbi and "Posek" . He is also known as Mahari Bruna, the Hebrew acronym for "Our Teacher, the Rabbi, Israel Bruna". 
Las Positas College is a public community college in Livermore, California.
Julia Campbell (born March 12, 1962) is an American film and television actress. Her most noted role to date was "mean girl" Christie Masters in "Romy and Michele's High School Reunion".
The Australian Greens Victoria, commonly known as the Victorian Greens or just as The Greens, is the Victorian state member party of the Australian Greens, a green political party in Australia.
Tharandt is a municipality in Saxony, Germany, situated on the Weißeritz, 9 miles southwest of Dresden.
Jason Toop Cooper (born 31 January 1967) is an English drummer best known for his work with The Cure.
D. S. Mirsky is the English pen-name of Dmitry Petrovich Svyatopolk-Mirsky , often known as Prince Mirsky ( – c. 7 June 1939), a Russian political and literary historian who promoted the knowledge and translations of Russian literature in Britain and of English literature in the Soviet Union. He was born in Kharkov Governorate and died near Magadan.
Laurent Dufaux (born 20 May 1969 in Montreux, Switzerland) is a former professional road cyclist from 1991 to 2004. He was the Swiss National Road Race champion in 1991.
Beden Brook, also Bedens Brook, Beden's Brook, or Beeden's Brook, is a tributary of the Millstone River in central New Jersey in the United States.
CKLY-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 91.9 FM in Kawartha Lakes, Ontario. 
Ghiyas ud din Balban (reigned: 1266–1287) ;  was the ninth sultan of the Mamluk dynasty of Delhi.
Dirk Jan Klaas "Klaas-Jan" Huntelaar (; born 12 August 1983), nicknamed "The Hunter", is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for Ajax and the Netherlands national team.
William Rivington Brownfield (born 1952) is a Career Ambassador in the United States Foreign Service and the former Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs as of January 10, 2011. He has previously served as U.S. Ambassador to Chile, Venezuela, and Colombia.
Ricki Lloyd Herbert (born 10 April 1961) is a New Zealand former footballer and former head coach of the New Zealand national team, stepping down after the side failed to qualify for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, and former manager of A-League side Wellington Phoenix. Herbert represented his country at the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain and coached the New Zealand national team at the 2010 World Cup. His most recent role in international football was as the head coach of Maldives national football team.
Trani  is a seaport of Apulia, in southern Italy, on the Adriatic Sea, by railway West-Northwest of Bari. It is one of the capital cities of the Province of Barletta-Andria-Trani.
Irkutsk International Airport  is an airport on the outskirts of Irkutsk, Russia, at a distance of 60 kilometers (37 miles) from Lake Baikal.
Officeworks is a chain of Australian office supplies stores operated under parent company Wesfarmers.
Karl Rudolf Heinze (22 July 1865 – 26 May 1928) was a German jurist and politician. During the Weimar Republic, as a member of the right-of-centre German People's Party  he was Vice-Chancellor of Germany and Minister of Justice in 1920/21 in the cabinet of Konstantin Fehrenbach and from 1922 to 1923 again Minister of Justice under Wilhelm Cuno.
Grand Duke Peter Nikolaevich of Russia (Russian: Пётр Никола́евич Романов; 10 January 1864 – 17 January 1931) was a Russian Grand Duke and a member of the Russian Imperial Family.
Southern California Logistics Airport , also known as Victorville Airport, is a public airport located in the city of Victorville in San Bernardino County, California, approximately north of San Bernardino. Prior to its civil usage, the facility was George Air Force Base, from 1941 to 1992 a United States Air Force flight training facility.
WEXP is a Philadelphia college radio station with a freeform radio format. It broadcast on 1600 kHz AM in Philadelphia before becoming Internet radio-only.
Cunda Island, also called Alibey Island, , Greeks called it Moschonisi , is the largest of the Ayvalık Islands archipelago in Turkey, which was historically called the "Εκατόνησα"  or "Μοσχονήσια"  archipelago in Greek. It lies in the Edremit gulf on the Turkey's northwestern coast, off the coast of Ayvalık in Balıkesir Province, Turkey, with an area of . It is located east of Lesbos, Greece.
The Digital Enterprise Research Institute  is a former research institute at NUI Galway. It is now part of the Insight Centre for Data Analytics. 
Kirzhach  is a town and the administrative center of Kirzhachsky District in Vladimir Oblast, Russia, located on the Kirzhach River in the west of the oblast, west of Vladimir and south of Alexandrov. Population: 
Disney Publishing Worldwide , formerly known as The Disney Publishing Group and Buena Vista Publishing Group, is the publishing subsidiary of Disney Parks, Experiences and Products, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company. Its imprints include Disney Editions, Disney Press, Kingswell, Freeform, and Hyperion Books for Children. 
WHTS (105.3 FM), licensed to Coopersville, Michigan, is a Top 40  radio station in the Grand Rapids, Michigan market. WHTS is owned and operated by Cumulus Media and transmits with an ERP of 20,000 watts. 
Chimbu River is a river in the Chimbu Province of Papua New Guinea. The Chimbu is a tributary of the Tua.
1116 SEN (ACMA callsign: 3AK) is an Australian radio station in Victoria. Owned and operated by Pacific Star Network, it broadcasts a sports radio format from Lower Plenty to Greater Melbourne. First broadcast on 29 November 1931 as 3AK, the station currently broadcasts from studios in South Melbourne alongside sister station 3MP.
Lucera  is an Italian city of 34,243 inhabitants in the province of Foggia in the region of Apulia, and the seat of the Diocese of Lucera-Troia.
Maggie Rizer (born January 9, 1978 in Staten Island, New York) is an American model, and an activist for AIDS-related causes as well as for Operation Smile.
Damaturu is a Local Government Area in Yobe State, Nigeria. Its headquarters are in the town of Damaturu, the State capital.
The Midland Great Western Railway  was the third largest Irish gauge  railway company in Ireland. It was incorporated in 1845 and absorbed into the Great Southern Railways in 1924. At its peak the MGWR had a network of , making it Ireland's third largest network after the Great Southern and Western Railway  and the Great Northern Railway of Ireland.
WGTE-FM (91.3 MHz) is a public radio station in Toledo, Ohio, and is the radio partner of Channel 30 WGTE-TV, Toledo's PBS network affiliate. It features news, talk, classical music, jazz and folk music. 
Rabbit in the Moon is an American electronic music group. Their style draws from psychedelic trance, house music and breakbeat, along with other diverse influences.
David Richard Ellis (September 8, 1952 – January 7, 2013) was an American film director and stunt performer born in Santa Monica, California in 1952. His credits included dozens of films and television series including "National Lampoon's Vacation, Baywatch, Lethal Weapon," and "Patriot Games."
KTBY, virtual channel 4 (UHF digital channel 20), is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Anchorage, Alaska, United States. The station is owned by Coastal Television Broadcasting Company LLC, which also operates ABC affiliate KYUR (channel 13) under joint sales and shared services agreements with owner Vision Alaska LLC. 
Central Illinois Regional Airport at Bloomington-Normal is a public airport in McLean County, Illinois, three miles east of Bloomington and southeast of Normal. Owned by the Bloomington-Normal Airport Authority, it is also known as Central Illinois Regional Airport .
Isabella Bosibori Ochichi (born October 28, 1979 in Kisii District) from Kenya was the silver medal winner in the final of the women's 5,000 meter race at the 2004 Summer Olympics held in Athens, Greece. She finished in a time of 14:48.19, about 2.5 seconds behind the winner, Meseret Defar of Ethiopia.
Richard Harold Kirk (born 21 March 1956) is an English musician who has specialised in electronic music since the 1970s. He is best known as a member of the influential industrial music band Cabaret Voltaire, formed in 1973. He has subsequently released projects under his own name and as part of various groups, including Sweet Exorcist, in styles such as techno.
Benevento Calcio, commonly referred to as Benevento, is an Italian football club based in Benevento, Campania. The club was originally founded in 1929 and then re-founded in 2005. 
Arsoli  is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome, central Italy.
Vennaskond  is an Estonian punk rock band founded in 1984. The band has toured in Estonia, Finland, Latvia, Romania, Sweden, Germany, France and the United States .
Tessa Lynn Thompson (born October 3, 1983) is an American actress, singer, and songwriter. Her breakthrough role was in Tina Mabry's independent film "Mississippi Damned" (2009). 
Myer  Prinstein (born Mejer Prinsztejn, December 22, 1878 – March 10, 1925) was a Polish American track and field athlete and member of the Irish American Athletic Club. He held the world record for the long jump and won gold medals in three Olympic Games for the long jump and triple jump.
Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 is an Italian association football club, based in Gubbio, Umbria. The club play in Serie C, the third tier of Italian football.
Prince Hans Ulrich von Eggenberg (1568 – 18 October 1634) was an Austrian statesman, a son of Seyfried von Eggenberg, Lord of Erbersdorf (1526-1594), and great-grandson of Balthasar Eggenberger (died 1493). He was a prominent member of the House of Eggenberg and gained the title of Duke of Krumau.
Anghiari is a hilltop town and "comune" in the Province of Arezzo, Tuscany, Italy.
Brian Joseph Donnelly (born March 2, 1946, Boston) is a former ambassador and U.S. Representative from Massachusetts, serving from 1979 to 1993. He is a Democrat.
Shin Tae-Yong (; born 11 October 1970) is a South Korean former footballer and former head coach of the South Korea national football team.
WHHL, known as "HOT 104.1", is an Urban Contemporary radio station serving the St. Louis area. The Radio One owned outlet broadcasts at 104.1 MHz with an ERP of 50 kW and is licensed to Hazelwood, Missouri. Its transmitter is located in St. Louis, just outside Forest Park, and operates from studios in Olivette .
John Rutherfurd (September 20, 1760February 23, 1840) was an American politician and land surveyor. He represented New Jersey in the United States Senate from 1791 to 1798.
Mirela Maniani (, ;, 21 December 1976) is a retired Greek track and field athlete who competed in the javelin throw. Prior to 1997, she represented Albania.
Central Methodist University  is a private university in Fayette, Missouri. CMU is accredited to offer master's, bachelor's, and associate degrees. The school is affiliated with the United Methodist Church.
Kjetil-Vidar Haraldstad (stage name Frost; born 28 June 1973 in Øyer, Oppland, Norway) is the drummer in black metal bands Satyricon and 1349.
Estadio Nueva Chicago is a multi-use stadium in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is currently the home ground for Nueva Chicago. The stadium holds 28,500.
Kant is a town in the Chuy Valley of northern Kyrgyzstan, some east of Bishkek.
Amy Rose Locane-Bovenizer (born December 19, 1971) is an American television and film actress known for her role in John Waters' 1990 musical comedy "Cry-Baby". In 1992, Locane played the role of Sandy Harling in the first season of the prime time soap opera "Melrose Place". She also plays a role in the 1992 film "School Ties" as the love interest of Matt Damon and Brendan Fraser.
Cheduba Island  is an island in the Bay of Bengal close to Ramree Island and belongs to Myanmar, formerly Burma. It has a maximum length of , with an area of approximately 
Monique Hennagan (born May 26, 1976 in Columbia, South Carolina) is an American athlete who mainly competes in the 400 metres. She won her first relay medal at the 1999 World Indoor Championships and her second in 2003.
Les Contamines-Montjoie is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Casiotone for the Painfully Alone  was the musical solo-project of musician Owen Ashworth (born April 22, 1977) of Redwood City, California.
Cann River is a town in the East Gippsland region of Victoria in Australia. The town is located on the Cann River at the junction of the Princes Highway and the Monaro Highway, in the Shire of East Gippsland. At the 2016 census, Cann River had a population of 194 people.
Leonor, Princess of Asturias (born 31 October 2005) is the heir presumptive to the throne of the Kingdom of Spain as the elder daughter of King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia.
Arend "Arie" Haan (; born 16 November 1948) is a Dutch football manager and former player who played as a midfielder. He scored 6 goals in 35 matches for the Dutch national squad of the 1970s. At club level he enjoyed a successful career with AFC Ajax, R.S.C. Anderlecht, Standard Liège and PSV Eindhoven.
Carey Gully is a small town in the Adelaide Hills region of South Australia.
Nicolas Sanson (20 December 1600 – 7 July 1667) was a French cartographer, termed by some the creator of French geography, in which he's been called the "father of French cartography."
KARJ (92.1 MHz) is a radio station serving the North County of San Diego County, California airing a Worship music format from the Air1 network, and is owned by the Educational Media Foundation.
Dorogobuzh  is a historic town and the administrative center of Dorogobuzhsky District in Smolensk Oblast, Russia, straddling the Dnieper River and located east of Smolensk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Bella Coola is a community in the Bella Coola Valley, in British Columbia, Canada. "Bella Coola" usually refers to the entire valley, encompassing the settlements of Bella Coola proper  (population approximately 148), Lower Bella Coola, Hagensborg, Salloompt, Nusatsum, Firvale and Stuie. It is also the location of the head offices of the Central Coast Regional District.
The Topp Twins (born 14 May 1958, Huntly, New Zealand) are the folk singing and activist sister comedy duo of New Zealand entertainers Jools and Lynda Topp. They are known for their country music influenced style, live shows and television performances. 
Mizque  is a town in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. It is the capital of the Mizque Province. Mizque is located in the valley of the Mizque River, one of the main tributaries of the Río Grande.
Kenneth Robert Wilson (born September 28, 1965), better known by his stage name Ginger Fish, is an American drummer primarily known for playing drums for Marilyn Manson from 1995–2011. Like Marilyn Manson, which combines the names of an iconic beauty with a serial killer, his name combines those of Ginger Rogers and Albert Fish.
Anniston Regional Airport , formerly known as Anniston Metropolitan Airport, is a city-owned public-use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) southwest of the central business district of Anniston, a city in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" airport.
Movement for the Unity of the Communists  was a splinter group of the Brazilian Communist Party . MUC split from PCB on April 19, 2005, after the departure of PCB from the Lula government. 
Lucas Boyd (born December 13, 1977), better known by his stage name Classified, is a Canadian rapper and record producer from Enfield, Nova Scotia.
The Long Beach Peninsula is an arm of land in western Washington state, United States. It is bounded on the west by the Pacific Ocean, the south by the Columbia River, and the east by Willapa Bay. Leadbetter Point State Park and Willapa National Wildlife Refuge are at the northern tip of the peninsula, Cape Disappointment State Park, formerly known as Fort Canby State Park is at the southern end, and in between is Pacific Pines State Park.
Malabo Airport or Saint Isabel Airport , is an airport located at "Punta Europa", Bioko Island, Equatorial Guinea. The airport is named after the capital, Malabo, approximately to the east. 
Rutger Jan Schimmelpenninck (31 October 1761 – 15 February 1825), Lord of Nyenhuis, Peckedam and Gellicum, was a Dutch jurist, ambassador and politician who served as Grand Pensionary of the Batavian Republic from 1805 to 1806.
The Elaphiti Islands or the Elaphites  is a small archipelago consisting of several islands stretching northwest of Dubrovnik, in the Adriatic sea. The Elaphites have a total land area of around and a population of 850 inhabitants. 
George of Bavaria referred to as "the Rich" (15 August 1455 in Burghausen, Bavaria – 1 December 1503 in Ingolstadt),  was the last Duke of Bavaria-Landshut. He was a son of Louis IX the Rich and Amalia of Saxony.
Crossroads College  was a four-year, coeducational Christian college in Rochester, Minnesota, United States. It was founded in 1913 and closed in 2016.
CFYK-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 98.9 FM in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories. The station broadcasts the programming of the CBC Radio One network and locally produced programs.
The University of Hyderabad  is a public research university located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Tomasz Kuklicz a.k.a. DJ Tomekk (born October 11, 1975 in Kraków) is a Polish DJ and Record producer. 
Semen Padang Football Club is an Indonesian professional football club, based in Indarung, Padang, West Sumatra. They currently compete in Liga 1.
The C.F. Sauer Company is a cooking products business that makes extracts and other food products. It was founded in 1887 by C.F. Sauer in Richmond, Virginia, where it maintains its headquarters.
Tom Gola Arena, The Tom, The Gola, is a 3,400-seat multi-purpose arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania situated inside the Trumark Financial Center. It is home to the La Salle University Explorers basketball and volleyball teams. It is named after Tom Gola, a Philadelphia basketball player and coach who is in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
Antipop Consortium is an American alternative hip hop group. The group formed in 1997, when Beans, High Priest, M. Sayyid, and producer Earl Blaize met at a poetry slam in New York City. 
Parminder Kaur Nagra (born 5 October 1975) is an English film and television actress. She is known for playing Jess Bhamra in the 2002 film "Bend It Like Beckham", and as Dr. Neela Rasgotra in the NBC medical drama series "ER" from 2003 to 2009. 
Pat Sin Leng is a mountain range in the northeast New Territories of Hong Kong, located within the Pat Sin Leng Country Park. The name "Pat Sin Leng" literally means "Ridge of the Eight Immortals", who are famous "xian"  in Chinese Mythology, and symbolizes the eight peaks along the Pat Sin Leng mountain range, each named after a different Immortal.
Andrea Benvenuti (born 13 December 1969 in Negrar, Verona) is an Italian former 800 metres runner.
Rottenburg is the seat of a Roman Catholic bishop, being the official centre of the diocese of Rottenburg-Stuttgart. Moreover, it has a college of church music and a university of applied sciences , specialising in forestry.
Tivaouane or Tivawan  is a city located in the Thiès Region of Senegal.
Richard George MacLeish (January 3, 1950 – May 30, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League  with the Philadelphia Flyers, Hartford Whalers, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Detroit Red Wings. He played 12 seasons in Philadelphia, winning two Stanley Cups with the Flyers in 1974 and 1975.
Franz Benda  baptised 22 November 1709, Benátky nad Jizerou – 7 March 1786, Potsdam) was a Bohemian violinist and composer, who worked for much of his life at the court of Frederick the Great.
Bernhard Walther (1430June 19, 1504) was a German merchant, humanist and astronomer based in Nuremberg, Germany.
Sir Samuel Hill Hill-Wood, 1st Baronet (21 March 1872 – 4 January 1949), born Samuel Hill Wood, was a British businessman, Conservative politician, cricketer and football club chairman.
Roy Stewart Stadium is a 16,800-seat multi-purpose stadium in Murray, Kentucky. It opened in 1973 and is home to the Murray State University Racers football, rifle and women's track and field teams. 
Goindwal , also known as Goindwal Sahib, is located in Taran Taran district in the Majha region of the state of Punjab in India about 23 km from Tarn Taran Sahib. In the 16th century it became an important center for the Sikh religion during the Guruship of the Guru Amar Das Ji. 
Thorney Island is an island  that juts into Chichester Harbour in West Sussex. It is separated from the mainland by a narrow channel called the Great Deep.
Acquasparta is a town and "comune" in the province of Terni . It is located on a hill above the Naia Valley and the river of the same name, facing the Monti Martani mountain range.
Yelena Vladimirovna Slesarenko, née Sivushenko (, born February 28, 1982 in Volgograd) is a Russian high jumper.
High Prairie is a town in northern Alberta, Canada within Big Lakes County. It is located at the junction of Highway 2 and Highway 749, approximately northeast of Valleyview and west of Slave Lake.
Stavely is a farming community in southern Alberta, Canada. It is located south of Calgary on Highway 2 and east of Willow Creek Provincial Park.
The Foreign Exchange is an R&B/electronica/hip hop duo consisting of the American rapper/singer Phonte and the Dutch record producer Nicolay.
Norway House is a population centre of over 5,000 people some north of Lake Winnipeg, on the bank of the eastern channel of Nelson River, in the province of Manitoba, Canada. The population centre shares the name "Norway House" with the northern community of Norway House and Norway House 17, a First Nation reserve of the Norway House Cree Nation . 
The Pomahaka River is in South Otago in New Zealand's South Island. It is a tributary of the Clutha River, flowing south for from the Old Man Range of mountains to join the Clutha just north of Balclutha. Along its path it passes the Blue Mountains and the forestry town of Tapanui in the area known locally as West Otago.
The Gaudineer Scenic Area  is a scenic area and National Natural Landmark in the Monongahela National Forest . It is situated just north of Gaudineer Knob of Shavers Mountain on the border of Randolph and Pocahontas Counties, West Virginia, USA, about northwest of the town of Durbin.
Kotak Mahindra Bank is an Indian private sector bank headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. In February 2003, Reserve Bank of India  issued the licence to Kotak Mahindra Finance Ltd., the group's flagship company, to carry on banking business.
Oliver C. Dawson Stadium is a 22,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in Orangeburg, South Carolina. It opened in 1955, with major renovations in 1994. It is home to the South Carolina State Bulldogs college football team and the women's college soccer team.
Charles Henry Martin (October 1, 1863September 22, 1946) was an American Army officer and later politician in the state of Oregon. A native of Illinois, he had a 40-year career in the military including serving in conflicts from the Spanish–American War to World War I before retiring as a major general. A Democrat, he was the U.S. Representative for Oregon's 3rd congressional district from 1931 to 1935 and then was the state's 21st Governor from 1935 to 1939.
Cromwell Racecourse Aerodrome is a small airport 1 Nautical Mile (1.9km) to the west of Cromwell township in Central Otago in the South Island of New Zealand. The aerodrome is located on the boundary of the Cromwell Racecourse which is used for horse racing and adjacent to Cromwell Hospital.
Hanns Zischler (born 18 June 1947) is a German actor most famous in America for his portrayal of Hans in Steven Spielberg's film "Munich". According to the Internet Movie Database, Zischler has appeared in 171 movies since 1968.
Vilanova de Arousa is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.
A Guarda is a municipality in the province of Pontevedra in the autonomous community of Galicia, in Spain. It is situated in the "comarca" of O Baixo Miño.
Meis is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.
FC Stal Alchevsk is a Ukrainian professional football team of the Ukrainian First League that is based in Alchevsk. In the 2012–13 season the club won promotion to the Ukrainian Premier League, but the club refused this promotion "for the sake of the fans". 
Anna Maxwell Martin (born Anna Charlotte Martin; 10 May 1977), sometimes credited as Anna Maxwell-Martin, is an English actress who has played Lyra in "His Dark Materials" at the Royal National Theatre, Esther Summerson in the BBC's 2005 adaptation of "Bleak House", and "N" in Channel 4's 2008 adaptation of "Poppy Shakespeare".
Moses Tanui (born 20 August 1965 in Marakwet District, Kenya) is a former Kenyan long-distance runner who won the gold medal over 10,000 metres at the 1991 World Championships in Athletics in Tokyo.
Jack Spinks Stadium is a 22,500-seat multi-purpose stadium in Lorman, Mississippi and is home to the Alcorn State University Braves football team. Jack Spinks stadium is surrounded by the campus, the Davey Whitley Complex, and numerous trees to the far east from the home side.
Leland Ossian Howard, Ph.D., M.D. (June 11, 1857 in Rockford, Illinois – May 1, 1950), was an American entomologist.
Fabrice Luchini (; born Robert Luchini; 1 November 1951) is a French stage and film actor. He has appeared in films such as "Potiche", "The Women on the 6th Floor", and "In the House".
Lookers is a car dealership chain in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It represents many motor brands and is based in Timperley, Manchester. 
The South Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive is the passenger transport executive for South Yorkshire in England. It is supervised by the Sheffield City Region Combined Authority, which consists of representatives from the metropolitan boroughs of Sheffield, Rotherham, Doncaster, and Barnsley.
Higher Intelligence Agency  is the main electronic music project of Birmingham, UK based Bobby Bird.
Charles Anthony Tillman (born February 23, 1981), nicknamed Peanut, is a former American football cornerback, who is currently a United States Federal Bureau of Investigation  agent. He played college football at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, and was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft.
Fiano Romano is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome, Italy, approximately north of that city. It is the birthplace of the Italian actress Sabrina Ferilli.
Korea Exchange  is the sole securities exchange operator in South Korea. It is headquartered in Busan, and has an office for cash markets and market oversight in Seoul.
Yang Jun  (died 291), courtesy name Wenzhang , was a Jin Dynasty (265-420) official during the reign of Emperor Wu and regent for Emperor Hui.
Al Wahda Football Club  is a football club based in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates that plays in the UAE Pro League. The club was founded in 1974 and plays its home games at the Al-Nahyan Stadium. The club's colours are maroon, grey and white.
Lacco Ameno  is a town and "comune" situated in the northwest of the island of Ischia, in the Metropolitan City of Naples off the west coast of Italy. The town has a population of around 4,800 inhabitants.
Gerhard M. Sessler (born 15 February 1931 in Rosenfeld, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) is a German inventor and scientist. Together with James E. West, Sessler invented the foil electric microphone at Bell Laboratories in 1962 and the silicon microphone  in 1983.
KKEQ (107.1 FM or 104.9 FM, "Your Q FM") is a Christian radio station licensed to Fosston, Minnesota with its main studio in Grand Forks, North Dakota and additional studios in Bemidji, Minnesota. Q FM's primary format is contemporary Christian music, though it also airs Bible-based talk and teaching programming. 
Steve Denton (born September 5, 1956) is a former professional tennis player for the ATP Tour. He is currently the head men's tennis coach at Texas A&M University.
Ragenfrid  (died 731) was the mayor of the palace of Neustria and Burgundy from 715, when he filled the vacuum in Neustria caused by the death of Pepin of Heristal, until 718, when Charles Martel finally established himself over the whole Frankish kingdom. 
Inhambane, also known as Terra de Boa Gente , is a city located in southern Mozambique, lying on Inhambane Bay, 470 km northeast of Maputo. It is the capital of the Inhambane Province and according to the 2017 census has a population of 79,724, growing from the 1997 census of 54,157. 
Clermont-en-Argonne  is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Victoria Street  is a major two-way road in Singapore. It links Kallang Road in the northeast with Hill Street in the southwest. En route, Victoria Street passes through the planning areas of Kallang, Rochor, Downtown Core and Museum.
Thiais  is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris.
Conrad Hotels & Resorts is an international brand of luxury hotels and resorts owned and operated by Hilton Worldwide. Conrad was considered the luxury flagship brand in the Hilton Family of Brands, named after company founder Conrad Hilton, until being supplanted by The Waldorf-Astoria Collection in 2006. 
Frome Town Football Club is an English football club based in Frome, a town in the county of Somerset. They play in the . 
The Kansas and Oklahoma Railroad is a shortline railroad operating in the midwest United States. Despite the name, it is primarily located in Kansas but extends into Colorado, not Oklahoma.
Ching Siu-tung (born 1953), also known as Tony Ching, is a Hong Kong action choreographer, actor, film director and producer, who has directed over 20 films, including the critically acclaimed supernatural fantasy "A Chinese Ghost Story" (1987). He produced the spectacular clip L'Âme-Stram-Gram for the French star singer Mylène Farmer at a cost of €1 million. 
Abel Richard Kiviat (June 23, 1892 – August 24, 1991) was an American middle-distance runner. He was the oldest living American Olympic medalist at the time of his death. He competed for and coached the Irish American Athletic Club, and was later a member of the New York Athletic Club.
Coromandel Aerodrome is a small aerodrome located 2 Nautical Miles (3.7 km) south of Coromandel Township on the Coromandel Peninsula of the North Island of New Zealand.
Champs-sur-Marne  is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris, in the Seine-et-Marne Departments of France in the Île-de-France region.
Zas is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia. It belongs to the comarca of Tierra de Soneira.
Sindh Agriculture University,  is situated in Tando Jam town at 18 km from Hyderabad, on Hyderabad-Mirpurkhas highway and is about 200 km from Karachi airport linked with super highway to Hyderabad. Sindh Agriculture University is ranked 4th best university in Agriculture by the Higher Education Commission.
Stephen I (; c. 988 – 1058) was King of Croatia from c. 1030 until his death in 1058 and a member of the Trpimirović dynasty . Stephen I was the first Croatian king whose given name was "Stephen" , as Držislav added the name Stephen at his coronation. His ban was Stephen Praska.
The College of Marin is a public community college in Marin County, California, with two campuses, one in Kentfield, and the second in Novato. It is the only institution operated by the Marin Community College District. 
Chatou is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. Chatou is a part of the affluent suburbs of western Paris and is on the northwest side of the Seine river about from the city's center.
Lieutenant General  Khalid Maqbool Vohra, , (born 1948) is a career Pakistan Army officer who remained the longest serving Governor of Punjab, the most populous province of Pakistan, in office under the General Pervez Musharraf government from October 2001 till May 2008. He was replaced by Salmaan Taseer, a business tycoon and owner of the WorldCall Group.
Qaidam Basin, also spelled Tsaidam  is a hyperarid basin that occupies a large part of the Haixi Mongol and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Qinghai Province, western China. The basin covers an area of approximately 120,000 km, one fourth of which is covered by saline lakes and playas. 
KUAO (88.1 MHz) is a Christian Worship radio station in Ogden, Utah and is owned and operated by Educational Media Foundation . The station broadcasts EMF's Air 1 programming.
Jane Grant (May 29, 1892 – March 16, 1972) was a New York City journalist who co-founded "The New Yorker" with her first husband, Harold Ross.
Dolphins FC was a Nigerian football team based in Port Harcourt.
Alex Kurtzman (born September 7, 1973) is an American film and television writer, producer, and director. He is best known for executive producing the "Star Trek" franchise since 2017, co-writing the scripts to "Transformers", "Star Trek", "Star Trek Into Darkness", and "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" with his writing and producing partner Roberto Orci, and directing and co-writing "The Mummy".
LSG is an R&B supergroup, composed of R&B artists Gerald Levert from Cleveland, Ohio, Keith Sweat from Harlem, New York and Johnny Gill from Washington, D.C. The group's name "LSG" is derived from the first letter in the last name of each artist .
Carberry is the largest town in the Rural Municipality of North Cypress in southwestern Manitoba, Canada. It is home to 1,738 people and is located 50 kilometres east of Brandon, Manitoba.
Mirrorsoft was a British video game publisher founded by Jim Mackonochie as a division of Mirror Group Newspapers. The company was active between 1983 and 1991, and shut down completely in early 1992.
KXSC (104.9 FM) is a radio station based in Sunnyvale, California, serving the San Francisco Bay Area. It is owned by the University of Southern California and airs a classical music format, simulcasting KDFC in San Francisco.
CITIC Limited  is a conglomerate headquartered in Hong Kong. Its shares are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and it is a constituent of the Hang Seng Index. 58% of its issued shares are owned by the Chinese state-owned CITIC Group.
The Pamba River  is the third longest river in the South Indian state of Kerala after Periyar and Bharathappuzha and the longest river in the erstwhile princely state of Travancore. Sabarimala temple dedicated to Lord Ayyappa is located on the banks of the river Pamba. 
The Baltimore Streetcar Museum  is a non-profit museum located at 1911 Falls Road (MD 25) in Baltimore, Maryland. The museum is dedicated to preserving Baltimore's public transportation history, especially the streetcar era.
Thomas Sprat, FRS (1635 – 20 May 1713) was an English churchman, Bishop of Rochester from 1684.
George Eden, 1st Earl of Auckland, (25 August 1784 – 1 January 1849) was an English Whig politician and colonial administrator. He was thrice First Lord of the Admiralty and also served as Governor-General of India between 1836 and 1842.
Senesino (; ; born Francesco Bernardi on 31 October 1686 – 27 November 1758) was a celebrated Italian contralto castrato, particularly remembered today for his long collaboration with the composer George Frideric Handel.
Princess Charlotte Augusta of Wales (7 January 1796 – 6 November 1817) was the only child of the British king George IV, who was still Prince of Wales during her lifetime, and his wife Caroline of Brunswick. If she had outlived both her grandfather King George III and her father, she would have become Queen of the United Kingdom, but she died following childbirth at the age of 21, predeceasing them both.
Waimea Bay is located in Haleiwa on the North Shore of O'ahu in the Hawaiian Islands at the mouth of the Waimea River. Waimea Valley extends behind Waimea Bay. "
Edward Gene Rendell (; born January 5, 1944) is an American lawyer, prosecutor, politician, and author who, as a member of the Democratic Party, served as the 45th Governor of Pennsylvania from 2003 to 2011 and the Mayor of the City of Philadelphia from 1992 to 2000.
Carlos Bernard Papierski (born October 12, 1962) is an American actor and director, best known for his role as Tony Almeida in "24", which he played from 2001 to 2006, and then reprised again in 2009, 2014 in "" and 2017 in "". He received a fine arts degree from American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco after attending Illinois State University.
Rose Wilder Lane (December 5, 1886 – October 30, 1968) was an American journalist, travel writer, novelist, political theorist and daughter of American writer Laura Ingalls Wilder. Along with two other female writers, Ayn Rand and Isabel Paterson, Lane is noted as one of the founders of the American libertarian movement.
Andrzej Zbigniew Lepper (13 June 1954 – 5 August 2011) was a Polish politician who was the leader of Samoobrona RP  political party.
Faucigny is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Amy Lawrence Lowell (February 9, 1874 – May 12, 1925) was an American poet of the imagist school from Brookline, Massachusetts. She posthumously won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1926.
Isidor Isaac Rabi (; born Israel Isaac Rabi, 29 July 1898 – 11 January 1988) was an American physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1944 for his discovery of nuclear magnetic resonance, which is used in magnetic resonance imaging. He was also one of the first scientists in the United States to work on the cavity magnetron, which is used in microwave radar and microwave ovens.
Vanessa Bell (née Stephen; 30 May 1879 – 7 April 1961) was an English painter and interior designer, a member of the Bloomsbury Group and the sister of Virginia Woolf.
Johan Ludvig Runeberg (; 5 February 1804 – 6 May 1877) was a Finland-Swedish lyric and epic poet. He is the national poet of Finland and the author of the lyrics to "Vårt land"  that became the Finnish National Anthem. 
Delisle is a town in south central Saskatchewan, Canada. It is located southwest of Saskatoon beside Highway 7.
Alfatar  is a town in Silistra Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in to the south of the town of Silistra. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Alfatar Municipality. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 1,714 inhabitants.
Bourville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Rainer Wieland (born 19 February 1957) is a German politician and member of the European Parliament for Germany. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Union, part of the European People's Party.
NY1 (also officially known as Spectrum News NY1 and spoken as New York One) is an American cable news television channel founded by Time Warner Cable, which itself is owned by Charter Communications through its acquisition in May 2016. The channel provides 24-hour news coverage, with a focus on the five boroughs of New York City; its programming primarily features news, traffic and weather, however NY1 also features specialty programs such as "Inside City Hall" .
Leland Stanford MacPhail Jr. (October 25, 1917 – November 8, 2012) was an American front-office executive in Major League Baseball. MacPhail was a baseball executive for 45 years, serving as the director of player personnel for the New York Yankees, the president and general manager of the Baltimore Orioles, chief aide to Commissioner of Baseball William Eckert, executive vice president and general manager of the Yankees, and president of the American League.
WBTW is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Florence, South Carolina, United States, serving the Pee Dee and Grand Strand regions of South Carolina. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual and VHF channel 13 from a transmitter near Dillon. 
Movie Central  was a Canadian English language Category A premium cable and satellite television channel that was owned by Corus Entertainment. Movie Central was designated to operate west of the Ontario-Manitoba border, including the territories. 
Maria Badia i Cutchet (born 13 May 1947 in Sant Quirze del Vallès, Barcelona province) is a Spanish politician from Catalonia and Member of the European Parliament for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party , part of the Socialist Group, and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Culture and Education. She is also a member of the European Alliance Group at the European Committee of the Regions.
Christopher John Reid, FRSL (born 13 May 1949) is a Hong Kong-born British poet, essayist, cartoonist, and writer. In January 2010 he won the 2009 Costa Book Award for "A Scattering", written as a tribute to his late wife, the actress Lucinda Gane. 
Squirrel Nut Zippers is an American jazz band formed in 1993 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, by James "Jimbo" Mathus , Tom Maxwell , Katharine Whalen , Chris Phillips , Don Raleigh , and Ken Mosher.
Afriqiyah Airways  is a state-owned airline based in Tripoli, Libya. Before the 17 February 2011 revolution, it operated domestic services between Tripoli and Benghazi, and international scheduled services to over 25 countries in Europe, Africa, Asia and the Middle East; since the end of the war, it has been rebuilding its business. 
The Flint Hills, historically known as Bluestem Pastures or Blue Stem Hills, are a region in eastern Kansas and north-central Oklahoma named for the abundant residual flint eroded from the bedrock that lies near or at the surface. It consists of a band of hills stretching from Kansas to Oklahoma, extending from Marshall and Washington Counties in the north to Cowley County, Kansas and Kay and Osage Counties in Oklahoma in the south, to Geary and Shawnee Counties west to east. 
Walter Beaman Jones Sr. (August 19, 1913 – September 15, 1992), was an American Democratic politician from the state of North Carolina who served in the United States House of Representatives from 1966 until his death from natural causes in Norfolk, Virginia, in 1992.
Fremont River is long river in southeastern Utah, United States that flows from the Johnson Valley Reservoir, which is located on the Wasatch Plateau near Fish Lake, southeast through Capitol Reef National Park to the Muddy Creek near Hanksville where the two rivers combine to form the Dirty Devil River, a tributary of the Colorado River.
Wolfratshausen  is a town of the district of Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen, located in Bavaria, Germany. The town had a population of 18,122 as of 31 December 2014.
Robert Andrew Woolmer (14 May 1948 – 18 March 2007), known as Bob Woolmer, was an English cricket coach, cricketer, and a commentator. He played in 19 Test matches and six One Day Internationals for the England cricket team and later coached South Africa, Warwickshire and Pakistan.
Alfredo Foni (; 20 January 1911 – 28 January 1985) was an Italian footballer in the 1930s and later on a coach, who played as a defender. He is one of only four players to have won both an Olympic gold medal and the FIFA World Cup with the Italy national football team.
Roselyne Bachelot-Narquin, generally known as Roselyne Bachelot (born 24 December 1946 in Nevers, Nièvre), is a French politician, former Minister of Solidarity and Social Cohesion, and a member of the Union for a Popular Movement, which is part of the European People's Party.
The Lanka Sama Samaja Party  is a Trotskyist political party in Sri Lanka.
Eleanor Roberta Scott (born 23 July 1951, "née" Ettles) is a Scottish politician and physician. She was Scottish Green Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Highlands and Islands 2003–2007, then female co-convener of the party 2008–2011 with Patrick Harvie.
Bruno the Great (, "Bruno of Saxony"; ; May 925 – 11 October 965 AD) was Archbishop of Cologne from 953 until his death and Duke of Lotharingia after 954. He was the brother of Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor.
The Subways are an English rock band from Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire. Their debut album, "Young for Eternity", was released on 4 July 2005 in the UK and 14 February 2006 in the U.S. Their second album, "All or Nothing", was released on 30 June 2008 and their third album "Money and Celebrity" debuted on 19 September 2011. 
Falkenbergs Fotbollsförening, also known simply as Falkenbergs FF, Falkenberg or  FFF, is a Swedish football club based in Falkenberg. Formed on 3 January 1928, the club plays in the highest Swedish league, Allsvenskan. 
Skikda  is a city in northeastern Algeria and a port on the Mediterranean's Gulf of Stora. It is the capital of Skikda Province and Skikda District. 
Samuel Derek Ricketts (born 11 October 1981) is a former professional football manager and former player who is the manager of club Shrewsbury Town. His favoured position was at full back, where he was able to play on the left or right side. 
Sir Michael Craig-Martin (born 28 August 1941) is an Irish-born contemporary conceptual artist and painter.
Mekhi Phifer (; born December 29, 1974) is an American actor. He portrayed Dr. Greg Pratt on NBC's long-running medical drama "ER" and had a co-starring role opposite Eminem in the feature film "8 Mile". 
Asia-Pacific or Asia Pacific  is the part of the world in or near the Western Pacific Ocean. The region varies in area depending on which context, but it typically includes much of East Asia, South Asia, Southeast Asia, and Oceania.
Delareyville is a maize and peanut farming town situated in North West Province of South Africa. The town is 96 km south-west of Lichtenburg, 82 km north-east of Vryburg, 114 km north-west of Wolmaransstad, and 61 km north of Schweizer-Reneke. 
Hermann I (died 25 April 1217), Landgrave of Thuringia and  Count Palatine of Saxony, was the second son of Louis II, Landgrave of Thuringia , and Judith of Hohenstaufen, the sister of Emperor Frederick Barbarossa.
Henry Brooke, Baron Brooke of Cumnor (9 April 1903 – 29 March 1984) was a British Conservative Party politician who served as Chief Secretary to the Treasury and Paymaster-General from 1961–62 and — following the "Night of the Long Knives" — as Home Secretary from 1962–64.
Henry "Harry" Winston Jerome, (September 30, 1940 – December 7, 1982) was a Canadian track and field runner. He was the grandson of John Howard, a railway porter who represented Canada in the 1912 Summer Olympics.
The Federation for American Immigration Reform  is an anti-immigration organization in the United States. The group publishes position papers, organizes events, and runs campaigns in order to influence US immigration policies.
The Bass Islands  consist primarily of Rapa Iti  and Marotiri . They are usually considered to be the southernmost of the Austral Islands, although this classification is more one of geographic and political expediency than because of similarities between them and the rest of the Austral Islands. 
The Cape Breton Highlands, commonly called the Highlands, refer to a highland or mountainous plateau across the northern part of Cape Breton Island in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Oscar Robert Themptander (14 February 1844 – 30 January 1897) was a Swedish politician and public official who was Prime Minister of Sweden from 1884 to 1888 during the reign of King Oscar II, and Governor of Stockholm County from 1888 to 1896. He was also Minister for Finance.
Joe Willie "Pinetop" Perkins (July 7, 1913 – March 21, 2011) was an American blues pianist. He played with some of the most influential blues and rock-and-roll performers of his time and received numerous honors, including a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and induction into the Blues Hall of Fame.
The Walkmen is an American indie rock band, with members based in New York City and Philadelphia. The band formed in 2000 with three members from Jonathan Fire*Eater—Paul Maroon , Walter Martin , and Matt Barrick —and two from The Recoys, Peter Bauer  and Hamilton Leithauser . 
Cameron Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada. Located in the Arctic Ocean, close to Bathurst Island, it has an area of , long and wide. Île Vanier lies immediately to the south, across the Arnott Strait.
Manius Acilius Glabrio was a Roman general and consul of the Roman Republic in 191 BC. He came from an illustrious plebeian family  whose members held magistracies throughout the Republic and into the Imperial era.
Vansittart Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in the Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Foxe Basin, north of Southampton Island, at 65°50'N 84°00'W, and has an area of .
The McCord Museum  is a public research and teaching museum dedicated to the preservation, study, diffusion, and appreciation of Canadian history. The museum, whose full name is McCord Museum of Canadian History, is located next to McGill University, in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Asobi Seksu was an American shoegaze/dream pop band based in New York City. Their music used a textured and effects-heavy vocal and guitar sound. 
Robert William Holley (January 28, 1922 – February 11, 1993) was an American biochemist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1968  for describing the structure of alanine transfer RNA, linking DNA and protein synthesis.
The Andreafsky River is a tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The Andreafsky flows south from near Iprugalet Mountain in the Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge to meet the larger river at Pitkas Point, near the village of St. Mary's.
The Ivishak River is a tributary of the Sagavanirktok River in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. Fed by glaciers at the headwaters, the Ivishak flows northeast, then northwest, through the Philip Smith Mountains and the northern foothills of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. 
Franck Alain James Leboeuf (, typically anglicised as Frank Leboeuf, born 22 January 1968) is a French actor, sports commentator and former French international footballer who played primarily as a central defender. With the French national team, Leboeuf won the 1998 FIFA World Cup and 2000 European Championship as well as a number of domestic trophies, most famously during his 5 years at Chelsea. 
Philippe Noiret (; 1 October 1930 – 23 November 2006) was a French film actor.
Fannie Merritt Farmer (23 March 1857 – 16 January 1915) was an American/Canadian culinary expert whose "Boston Cooking-School Cook Book" became a widely used culinary text.
Motu Nao is the Marquesan name for a small rock island in the southeastern Marquesas Islands, approximately northeast of Fatu Hiva. The French name for the island is Rocher Thomasset, which in English is Thomasset Rock.
Nelson is an American rock band founded by singer/songwriters Matthew and Gunnar Nelson . The band achieved success during the early 1990s with their double platinum debut album "After the Rain", which featured the number-one hit " Love and Affection".
Ian Michael Walker (born 31 October 1971) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. His former clubs include Tottenham Hotspur, Leicester City and Bolton Wanderers.
Atbara   is a city of 111,399 (2007) located in River Nile State in northeastern Sudan.
Beirut Arab University   is a Lebanese private university located in Beirut, Lebanon. It was founded by the Lebanese El-Bir and Ihsan Society in. 
Pulau Brani is an island located off the southern coast of Singapore, near Keppel Harbour. The island is situated between the main island of Singapore and the resort island of Sentosa, and is linked to the mainland via Brani Terminal Avenue. The area of Pulau Brani is .
Carl Erich Correns (19 September 1864 – 14 February 1933) was a German botanist and geneticist, who is notable primarily for his independent discovery of the principles of heredity, and for his rediscovery of Gregor Mendel's earlier paper on that subject, which he achieved simultaneously but independently of the botanists Erich Tschermak von Seysenegg and Hugo de Vries, and the agronomist William Jasper Spillman.
Naval Air Station Lemoore or NAS Lemoore is a United States Navy base, located in Kings County and Fresno County, California. Lemoore Station, California, a census-designated place, is located inside the base's borders.
Filton Airport or Filton Aerodrome was a private airport on the border between Filton and Patchway, within South Gloucestershire, north of Bristol, England.
Barwon Heads is a coastal township on the Bellarine Peninsula, near Geelong, Victoria, Australia. It is situated on the west bank of the mouth of the Barwon River below Lake Connewarre, while it is bounded to the west by farmland, golf courses and the ephemeral saline wetland Murtnaghurt Lagoon. 
Anorexia Nervosa is a French symphonic black metal band from Limoges, France, formed in 1991. They are currently "on hold" due to the departure of vocalist RMS Hreidmarr.
Kerlouan  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France not far from Brest. It also contains the village of Meneham.
Air Inuit  is an airline based in the Montreal borough of Saint-Laurent, Quebec, Canada. It operates domestic passenger services and charter and cargo services in Nunavik and Nunavut. Its main base is Kuujjuaq Airport.
Chitral  is the capital of the Chitral District, situated on the Chitral River in northern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Chitral also served as the capital of the princely state of Chitral until 1969.
Nicholas Thomas Wright (also N. T. Wright or Tom Wright; born 1 December 1948) is an English New Testament scholar, Pauline theologian, and retired Anglican bishop. Between 2003 and 2010, he was the Bishop of Durham. He then became Research Professor of New Testament and Early Christianity at St Mary's College in the University of St Andrews in Scotland.
Charles Christopher Hodgson (born 12 November 1980) is a retired English rugby union player, having previously been a player for Sale Sharks and Saracens. His position was fly-half and he is the leading Premiership points scorer of all time. 
Spear of Destiny is a British rock band, founded in 1983 by singer and songwriter Kirk Brandon (born 3 August 1956 in London) and bassist Stan Stammers (born 19 May 1961). It has had an ever-changing line-up through the years.
The Springville Museum of Art in Springville, Utah, United States is the oldest museum in Utah for the visual fine arts.
Sportfreunde Stiller  is a German indie rock band from Germering, near Munich, in Bavaria.
Luke David Steele (born 24 September 1984) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Nottingham Forest.
Michael Learned (born April 9, 1939) is an American actress, known for her role as Olivia Walton in the long-running CBS drama series "The Waltons" (1972–1981). She has won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series a record four times; three for "The Waltons" (1973, 1974, 1976), and one for "Nurse" (1982).
Rock City is a tourist attraction on Lookout Mountain in Lookout Mountain, Georgia. Opened in May 1932, the attraction gained prominence after owners Garnet and Frieda Carter hired Clark Byers in 1935 to paint "See Rock City" barn advertisements throughout the Southeast and Midwest United States; Byers painted over 900 barn roofs and walls, in nineteen states, by 1969.
WBBJ-TV, virtual channel 7 (UHF digital channel 43), is a dual ABC/CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Jackson, Tennessee, United States. The station is owned by Bahakel Communications. 
Valeri Georgievich Karpin (; born 2 February 1969) is a Russian football manager of FC Rostov and a former midfielder, primarily a right midfielder.
Richard M. Ebeling (; born January 30, 1950) is an American libertarian author who was the president of the Foundation for Economic Education  from 2003 to 2008.
Corneille Jean François Heymans (28 March 1892 – 18 July 1968) was a Belgian physiologist. He studied at the Jesuit College of Saint Barbara and then at Ghent University, where he obtained a doctor's degree in 1920.
Christopher Robert Evans (born June 13, 1981) is an American actor. Evans is known for his superhero roles as the Marvel Comics characters Steve Rogers in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and the Human Torch in "Fantastic Four" (2005) and .
Bruce David Rioch (; born 6 September 1947) is a football manager and former player for the Scotland national team. His last managerial post was at Aalborg BK in the Danish Superliga in 2008.
Carlo Cignani (15 May 1628 – 8 September 1719) was an Italian painter. His innovative style referred to as his 'new manner' introduced a reflective, intimate mood of painting and presaged the later pictures of Guido Reni and Guercino, as well as those of Simone Cantarini. 
The River  is a river in , Wales which flows principally westwards; draining to the sea into Tremadog Bay, south of .
Adalbert (also Adelbert or Albert; c. 1000 – 16 March 1072) was Archbishop of Hamburg and Bishop of Bremen from 1043 until his death. Called "Vikar des Nordens", he was an important political figure of the Holy Roman Empire, papal legate, and one of the regents for Emperor Henry IV.
Franz von Paula Schrank (21 August 1747, Vornbach – 22 December 1835) was a German priest, botanist and entomologist.
Franz Sigel (November 18, 1824 – August 21, 1902) was a German American military officer, revolutionist and immigrant to the United States who was a teacher, newspaperman, politician, and served as a Union major general in the American Civil War. His ability to recruit German-speaking immigrants to the Union armies received the approval of President Abraham Lincoln, but he was strongly disliked by General-in-Chief Henry Halleck.
Zhuanxu , also known as Gao Yang , was a mythological emperor of ancient China.
John Alieu Carew (; born 5 September 1979) is a Norwegian retired professional footballer who played as a forward. He was capped 91 times, scoring 24 goals for the Norwegian national team.
Goose Island is one of the San Juan Islands in San Juan County, Washington, United States.
Hope Bay  on Trinity Peninsula, is long and wide, indenting the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula and opening on Antarctic Sound. It is the site of the Argentinian Antarctic settlement Esperanza Base, established in 1952.
Islay Airport  is located north northwest of Port Ellen on the island of Islay in Argyll and Bute, off the west coast of Scotland. It is a small rural airport owned and maintained by Highlands and Islands Airports Limited. 
Henry Lloyd (February 21, 1852 – December 30, 1920) was the 40th Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1885 to 1888. He was born in 1852 in Dorchester County, Maryland and died in 1920 in Cambridge, Maryland. He was a grandson of Maryland Governor Edward Lloyd.
God Lives Underwater was a techno rock band from rural Perkiomenville, Pennsylvania , formed in 1993 by band members David Reilly and Jeff Turzo. God Lives Underwater was originally signed to American Recordings after being discovered by Rick Rubin, who subsequently produced the band's first two albums. Prior to the band's breakup, there were two other members, Andrew McGee and Adam Kary.
Carnival Films is a British television production company based in London, UK, founded in 1978. It has produced television series for all the major UK networks including the BBC, ITV, Channel 4, and Sky, as well as international broadcasters including PBS, A&E, HBO and NBC. 
Heinrich Otto Abetz (26 March 1903 – 5 May 1958) was the German ambassador to Vichy France during the Nazi era and a convicted war criminal.
Peak Rail is a preserved railway in Derbyshire, Central England, which operates a steam and heritage diesel service for tourists and visitors to both the Peak District and the Derbyshire Dales.
Henry Roberto Cuellar (; born September 19, 1955) is the U.S Representative for , a position he has held since 2005. He is a member of the Democratic Party. The district extends from the Rio Grande to the suburbs of San Antonio.
Deborah Wasserman Schultz (; born September 27, 1966) is an American politician serving as the U.S. Representative from , first elected to Congress in 2004. A Democrat, she is a past Chair of the Democratic National Committee.
Fontaine-le-Comte is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Philibert, Count de Gramont (1621 – 31 January 1707), was a French nobleman, known as the protagonist of the "Mémoires" written by Antoine Hamilton . He was a younger halfbrother of Antoine III of Gramont and uncle of Catherine Charlotte de Gramont, princess of Monaco.
Gwendolynne Sophia Moore (born April 18, 1951) is an American politician who is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 2005. In 2016, Moore was elected to serve as Caucus Whip of the Congressional Black Caucus for the 115th United States Congress. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
Bagneaux is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Tyseley Locomotive Works, formerly the Birmingham Railway Museum is the engineering arm of steam railtour promoter Vintage Trains based in Birmingham, England. It occupies part of the former Great Western Railway's Tyseley depot, which was constructed in 1908 as a result of expanding operations in the West Midlands, particularly the opening of the North Warwickshire Line as a new main line from Birmingham to Bristol.
Augustus Heinrich Petermann (18 April 182225 September 1878) was a German cartographer.
Soiano del Lago  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
Toscolano Maderno  is a town and "comune" on the West coast of Lake Garda, in the province of Brescia, in the region of Lombardy, northern Italy. It is located about from Brescia.
Robert Morris Morgenthau ( ; born July 31, 1919) is an American lawyer. From 1975 until his retirement in 2009, he was the District Attorney for New York County, the borough of Manhattan, having previously served as United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York throughout much of the 1960s on the appointment of John F. Kennedy. 
Green Island  is an island off the northwest coast of Kennedy Town, Hong Kong Island, separated by the Sulphur Channel. A smaller island nearby to the east, uninhabited, is called Little Green Island . Administratively, the two islands are part of Central and Western District.
Chrysler Europe was the American automotive company Chrysler's operations in Europe from 1967 through 1979. It was formed from the merger of the French Simca, British Rootes and Spanish Barreiros companies. In 1979, Chrysler divested these operations to PSA Peugeot Citroën.
Douglas Scott Harkness, (March 29, 1903 – May 2, 1999) was a Canadian politician, teacher, farmer and former lieutenant colonel in the Royal Canadian Artillery.
Straight University, after 1915 Straight College, was a historically black college that operated between 1868 and 1934 in New Orleans, Louisiana. It was founded by the American Missionary Association.
Torstar Corporation is a Canadian media and publishing company. The company is primarily a publisher of daily and community papers, including its flagship and namesake, the "Toronto Star".
Kurt Moll (11 April 19385 March 2017) was a German operatic bass singer who enjoyed an international career and was widely recorded.
The Piako River is a lowland river system that drains into the Firth of Thames on the North Island of New Zealand. Together with the Waihou River, it is one of the two main rivers systems which drains the Hauraki Plains. It is the dominant river system in the Matamata-Piako District, and on its journey it passes through the towns of Morrinsville and Ngatea.
Bryan Clifford Sykes (born 9 September 1947) is a Fellow of Wolfson College, and Emeritus Professor of Human Genetics at the University of Oxford.
Gina Bachauer (Greek: Τζίνα Μπαχάουερ; May 21, 1913, AthensAugust 22, 1976, Athens), was a Greek classical pianist who toured extensively in the United States and Europe.
Agon-Coutainville is a commune in the Manche department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Verolavecchia  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. Bordering communes are Borgo San Giacomo, Corte de' Cortesi con Cignone , Pontevico, Quinzano d'Oglio, Robecco d'Oglio  and Verolanuova. 
Mount Hua  is a mountain located near the city of Huayin in Shaanxi province, about east of Xi'an. It is the western mountain of the Five Great Mountains of China, and has a long history of religious significance. 
AMP is a financial services company in Australia and New Zealand providing superannuation and investment products, insurance, financial advice and banking products including home loans and savings accounts. AMP shares are included in the Australian Securities Exchange's S&P/ASX 50 index. Its headquarters are in Sydney, Australia.
Heinrich Gustav Reichenbach (Dresden, 3 January 1823 – Hamburg, 6 May 1889) was a botanist and the foremost German orchidologist of the 19th century. His father Heinrich Gottlieb Ludwig Reichenbach  was also a well-known botanist.
Kandla, also known as the Kandla Port Trust or Deendayal Port is a seaport in Kutch District of Gujarat state in western India, near the city of Gandhidham. Located on the Gulf of Kutch, it is one of major ports on west coast. 
Raymond Kennedy (born 28 July 1951) is an English former footballer who won every domestic honour in the game with Arsenal and Liverpool in the 1970s and early 1980s. Kennedy played as a forward for Arsenal, and then played as a left-sided midfielder for Liverpool. 
Holzwickede  is a municipality in the district of Unna in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Thomas Winfried Menko Pogge (; born 13 August 1953) is a German philosopher and is the Director of the Global Justice Program and Leitner Professor of Philosophy and International Affairs at Yale University. In addition to his Yale appointment, he is the Research Director of the Centre for the Study of the Mind in Nature at the University of Oslo, a Professorial Research Fellow at the Centre for Applied Philosophy and Public Ethics at Charles Sturt University and Professor of Political Philosophy at the University of Central Lancashire's Centre for Professional Ethics. Pogge is also an editor for social and political philosophy for the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy and a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
Wilhelm Windelband (; ; 11 May 1848 – 22 October 1915) was a German philosopher of the Baden School.
Likoma Island is the larger of two inhabited islands in Lake Malawi , in East Africa, the smaller being the nearby Chizumulu. Likoma and Chizumulu both belong to Malawi, and together they make up the Likoma District. 
Richard Chelimo (21 April 1972 – 15 August 2001) was a Kenyan long-distance runner, and a former world record holder over 10,000 metres. However, he is best known as the silver medallist in the controversial 10,000m at the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona. He was also a world junior record holder in the 10,000m.
The California Cougars were an indoor soccer team, founded in 2004. The team was a charter member of the Professional Arena Soccer League , the first division of arena  soccer in North America.
CIBC World Markets is the investment banking subsidiary of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. The firm operates as an investment bank both in the domestic and international equity and debt capital markets. 
Te Kauwhata is a small town in the north of the Waikato region of New Zealand, situated close to the western shore of Lake Waikare, some 40 km north of Hamilton. The township population in 2006 was 1294 with perhaps up to 13,000 in surrounding areas.
Valerian Alexandrovich Zorin (; 1 January 1902 - 14 January 1986) was a Soviet diplomat best remembered for his famous confrontation with Adlai Stevenson on 25 October 1962, during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
The Cameroon Democratic Union  is a political party in Cameroon. It was founded by Adamou Ndam Njoya, a former Minister of National Education under President Ahmadou Ahidjo, on 26 April 1991.
DDT  is a popular Russian rock band founded by its lead singer and the only remaining original member, Yuri Shevchuk , in Ufa  in 1980. Named after the pesticide DDT, they are one of the better known and most prolific Russian bands of the late 20th and early 21st centuries.
Juan Fernando Arango Sáenz (born 16 May 1980) is a Venezuelan former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
The Boston, Revere Beach and Lynn Railroad was a narrow gauge passenger-carrying short line railroad between East Boston and Lynn, Massachusetts from 1875 to 1940.
Lons-le-Saunier  is a commune and capital of the Jura department in eastern France.
Jonathan Niven Cryer (born April 16, 1965) is an American actor, comedian and television director. Born into a show business family, Cryer made his motion picture debut as a teenaged photographer in the 1984 romantic comedy "No Small Affair"; his breakout role came in 1986, playing "Duckie" in the John Hughes-written film "Pretty in Pink". In 1998, he wrote and produced the independent film "Went to Coney Island on a Mission from God... Be Back by Five".
The South Taranaki Bight is a large bay that extends south and east from the south coast of Taranaki in New Zealand's North Island. 
Erling Norvik (9 April 1928 – 31 December 1998) was a Norwegian politician from the Conservative Party.
Glasgow Green is a park in the east end of Glasgow, Scotland, on the north bank of the River Clyde. Established in the 15th century, it is the oldest park in the city.
Lucy Burns (July 28, 1879 – December 22, 1966) was an American suffragist and women's rights advocate. She was a passionate activist in the United States and in the United Kingdom. Burns was a close friend of Alice Paul, and together they ultimately formed the National Woman's Party.
Andrew James Matfin Bell (born 14 March 1986) is an English actor and dancer. He rose to prominence for his debut role in "Billy Elliot" (2000), for which he won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role. 
Danko Jones is a Canadian rock trio from Toronto, Ontario. The band consists of Danko Jones , John 'JC' Calabrese  and Rich Knox . 
Harry Alistair Ellis (born 17 May 1982 in Leicester) is a retired English rugby union footballer who played scrum half for Leicester Tigers, England and the British & Irish Lions.
Bunyip is a town in Gippsland, Victoria, Australia, 81 km south-east of Melbourne's Central Business District, located within the Shire of Cardinia local government area. Bunyip recorded a population of 2,468 at the 2016 Census. 
Ozurgeti  is the capital of the western Georgian province of Guria. It was formerly known as Macharadze or Makharadze . 
Sharon Robinson (born 1958 in San Francisco) is an American singer, songwriter, and record producer. She is best known as a frequent writing collaborator with Leonard Cohen, although she has written songs for a number of other artists as well, including The Pointer Sisters, Aaron Neville, Brenda Russell, Diana Ross, Don Henley, Michael Bolton, Randy Crawford, Patti LaBelle, Roberta Flack, The Temptations, and others.
Pier Luigi Farnese (19 November 1503 – 10 September 1547) was the first Duke of Castro from 1537 to 1545 and the first Duke of Parma and Piacenza from 1545 to 1547.
The Nieuwe Kerk  is a 15th-century church in Amsterdam located on Dam Square, next to the Royal Palace. Formerly a Dutch Reformed Church parish, it now belongs to the Protestant Church in the Netherlands.
Kivu was the name for a large "Region" in the Democratic Republic of Congo under the rule of Mobutu Sese Seko that bordered Lake Kivu. It included three "Sub-Regions" : Nord-Kivu, Sud-Kivu and Maniema, corresponding to the three current provinces created in 1986. The capital of the Kivu Region was in Bukavu, and the capitals of the three Sub-Regions were in Goma, Uvira and Kindu.
Shakti were a fusion band formed by English guitarist John McLaughlin, Indian violin player L. Shankar, percussionists Zakir Hussain , Ramnad Raghavan , and T. H. "Vikku" Vinayakram  in 1974. The band played acoustic fusion music which combined Indian music with elements of jazz.
Picture Butte is a town in southern Alberta, Canada. It is located north of the city of Lethbridge. It claims the title of "Livestock Feeding Capital of Canada."
Sigiriya or Sinhagiri  is an ancient rock fortress located in the northern Matale District near the town of Dambulla in the Central Province, Sri Lanka. The name refers to a site of historical and archaeological significance that is dominated by a massive column of rock nearly high. 
The Newark Museum, in Newark, Essex County, New Jersey, United States, is the state's largest museum. It holds major collections of American art, decorative arts, contemporary art, and arts of Asia, Africa, the Americas, and the ancient world. Its extensive collections of American art include works by Hiram Powers, Thomas Cole, John Singer Sargent, Albert Bierstadt, Frederick Church, Childe Hassam, Mary Cassatt, Edward Hopper, Georgia O'Keeffe, Joseph Stella, Tony Smith and Frank Stella.
The Bandiagara Escarpment is an escarpment in the Dogon country of Mali. The sandstone cliff rises about 500 meters above the lower sandy flats to the south. 
Major Francis Edward Foley CMG (24 November 1884, Highbridge, Somerset – 8 May 1958, Stourbridge, Worcestershire) was a British Secret Intelligence Service officer. As a passport control officer for the British embassy in Berlin, Foley "bent the rules" and helped thousands of Jewish families escape from Nazi Germany after Kristallnacht and before the outbreak of the Second World War. He is officially recognised as a British Hero of the Holocaust.
Judy Blundell, pseudonym Jude Watson, is an American author of books for middle grade, young adult, and adult readers.
Oxted is a town and civil parish in the Tandridge district of Surrey, England, at the foot of the North Downs. It is south south-east of Croydon in Greater London, west of Sevenoaks in Kent, and north of East Grinstead in West Sussex.
The Bay of Arabat, , is in the southwestern Azov Sea in eastern Europe. 
The River Meon  is a river that flows through an area of Hampshire in southern England known as the Meon Valley, it flows generally southwards from the South Downs to the Solent. For most of its route it is a chalk stream, with a length of 21 miles (34 km).
Yichang  is a prefecture-level city located in western Hubei province, China. It is the second largest city in the province after the capital, Wuhan. The Three Gorges Dam is located within its administrative area, in Yiling District.
Ronald Saunders (born 6 November 1932) is an English retired football player and former successful manager. He remains the only manager to have taken charge of Aston Villa, Birmingham City and West Bromwich Albion, the three clubs based in and around the second city normally being bitter rivals.
Holly McPeak (born May 15, 1969 in Manhattan Beach, California) is a retired American beach volleyball player.
BBC Radio Cymru is BBC Cymru Wales' Welsh-language national radio network. It broadcasts two stations throughout Wales from studios in Cardiff, Bangor, Aberystwyth and Carmarthen on FM, DAB, digital TV and online. 
Luigi P. Carnesecca (born January 5, 1925) is a retired American college basketball coach at St. John's University. Carnesecca also coached at the professional level, leading the New York Nets of the American Basketball Association for three seasons. Carnesecca was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1992.
VisiCorp was an early personal computer software publisher. Its most famous products are Microchess, Visi On and VisiCalc.
PepsiCo, Inc. is an American multinational food, snack, and beverage corporation headquartered in Harrison, New York, in the hamlet of Purchase. PepsiCo has interests in the manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of grain-based snack foods, beverages, and other products. 
Tele-Communications, Inc.  was a cable television provider in the United States, and for most of its history was controlled by Bob Magness and John Malone.
Liberals for Forests was an Australian political minor party. It contested both state and federal elections between 2002 and 2008, but only ever achieved one elected representative – Janet Woollard  in Western Australia. 
Alexandru Marghiloman (4 July 1854 – 10 May 1925) was a Romanian conservative statesman who served for a short time in 1918  as Prime Minister of Romania, and had a decisive role during World War I.
Yokneam Illit , also known as "Yoqne'am Illit" and "Jokneam Illit", or simply as the city of Yokneam, is a city in northern Israel. It is located in a hilly region of the lower Galilee at the base of the Carmel Mountains and overlooks the Jezreel Valley, from Haifa and from Tel Aviv. 
The Tower Building of the Little Rock Arsenal, also known as the Main Building of the U.S. Arsenal at Little Rock, or Headquarters Building of the Little Rock Barracks, is the home of the MacArthur Museum of Arkansas Military History. It is also a part of the MacArthur Park Historic District, in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Pont-Audemer is a commune in the Eure department in the Normandie  region in northern France. On 1 January 2018, the former commune of Saint-Germain-Village was merged into Pont-Audemer.
Fiano is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northwest of Turin. 
Givoletto is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northwest of Turin.
La Loggia  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin.
Luserna San Giovanni  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located in the Val Pellice about southwest of Turin.
Mercenasco is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin.
Moriondo Torinese is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin.
Ozegna is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about north of Turin.
Emperor Range is a mountain range in northern part of the island of Bougainville, Papua New Guinea. Several volcanoes are located in the range, including highest point of the island - Mount Balbi.
Mancor de la Vall is a small municipality in the district of Raiguer on Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain. It had a population of 1321 people by 2013.
Lloret de Vistalegre, also known as Llorito, is a municipality located in the center of Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain.
Son Servera is a municipality in northeast Majorca, in the Balearic Islands, Spain.
Samuel Stebbins Bowles (; born January 6, 1939), is an American economist and Professor Emeritus at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, where he continues to teach courses on microeconomics and the theory of institutions. His work belongs to the neo-Marxian  tradition of economic thought. 
Horsfall Stadium is a sports stadium just off Halifax Road in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England, south-west of the city centre. It is the home of Bradford  A.F.C. and Bradford Airedale Athletics Club. 
Persatuan Sepak Bola Indonesia Kediri, commonly known as Persik Kediri, or Persik, is an Indonesian professional association football club based in Kediri, East Java. The club was founded in 1950 and currently compete in the Liga 2.
Sosnovy Bor  is a town in Leningrad Oblast, Russia, situated on the Koporye Bay of the Gulf of Finland, west of St. Petersburg. The town of Sosnovy Bor is surrounded by Lomonosovsky District. Population: 
In 1993, Torrens Valero helped Spain recapture the Fed Cup title.
Kathryn Lasky (born June 24, 1944) is an American children's writer who also writes for adults under the names Kathryn Lasky Knight and E. L. Swann. Her children's books include several Dear America books, The Royal Diaries books, "Sugaring Time", "The Night Journey", "Wolves of the Beyond", and the "Guardians of Ga'Hoole" series. 
Miodowa  is a street in Warsaw's Old Town. More precisely, it links the Krakowskie Street in [with the Krasiński Square. It is also the name of a street in the Kazimierz district in Kraków.
KTBO-TV, virtual channel 14 (UHF digital channel 15), is a TBN owned-and-operated television station licensed to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. The station is owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network. 
Uchoa is a municipality in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. The population is of 9,471 inhabitants and the area is 252.5 km². Uchoa belongs to the Mesoregion of São José do Rio Preto.
Daniel Morelon (born 24 July 1944) is a retired French racing cyclist who was active between 1963 and 1980. He is a triple Olympic champion, eight times world champion, and a knight of the Legion d'Honneur. 
Amer Sports Oyj  is a Finnish headquartered sporting goods company with brands including Salomon, Wilson , Atomic Skis, Arc’teryx, Mavic, Suunto, ENVE Composites, Peak Performance and Precor.
Pramollo is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin.
Riva presso Chieri is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin.
Roure is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about west of Turin in the Val Chisone.
San Carlo Canavese is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northwest of Turin.
Arvingarna is a Swedish dansband, which was formed in 1989 and which competed in the Swedish Melodifestivalen in 1993, 1995, 1999, 2002 and 2019. In 1993 they won with the song '"Eloise" and represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, where the song finished 7th.
Scarmagno is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin.
Altavilla Vicentina is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, northern Italy. It is located southwest of Vicenza.
Traves is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 30 km northwest of Turin.
Valprato Soana is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about north of Turin, in Val Soana, included in the Gran Paradiso National Park. It borders the municipalities Cogne, Champorcher, Ronco Canavese, Traversella and Vico Canavese.
Brogliano is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is southeast of SP246.
Villareggia is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 35 km northeast of Turin.
Castegnero is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, northern Italy. It is east of SP247 provincial road.
Costabissara is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, northern Italy. It is west of the SP46 provincial road.
Boccioleto is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli. 
Caresanablot is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli.
Costanzana is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about southwest of Vercelli.
Lastebasse is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is on SP350. As of 2007 Lastebasse had an estimated population of 247.
Lenta is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about north of Vercelli. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 968 and an area of .
Pertengo is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about south of Vercelli. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 328 and an area of .
Soncino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about east of Milan and about northwest of Cremona. 
Scopa is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli. 
Columbus-Belmont State Park, on the shores of the Mississippi River in Hickman County, near Columbus, Kentucky, is the site of a Confederate fortification built during the American Civil War. The site was considered by both North and South to be strategically significant in gaining and keeping control of the Mississippi River. 
Bolzano Novarese  is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara. As of 31 December 2014, it had a population of 1,185 and an area of .
Castellazzo Novarese is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 288 and an area of .
Dormelletto is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about north of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,546 and an area of .
Lesa is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about north of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,470 and an area of .
Momo is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,713 and an area of .
Pogno is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,556 and an area of .
KUHM-TV is a PBS-member television station in Helena, Montana, broadcasting locally on digital channel 29 (virtual channel 10). KUHM is owned by Montana State University, which operates the station as part of its Montana PBS system.
KDAL-FM (95.7 FM, "My 95.7") is an American radio station in Duluth, Minnesota airing an adult contemporary format.
Andreas Thom (born 7 September 1965) is a former German professional footballer who played as a forward for Dynamo Berlin, Bayer Leverkusen, Celtic and Hertha BSC. He played 51 times for East Germany throughout the 1980s and played 10 times for the unified German national team in the early 1990s. 
Zermeghedo is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, north-eastern Italy. It is west of SP31 provincial road. Zermeghedo is the comune with the smallest area in Veneto.
Sarcedo is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is south of SP111. 
Andragoras (; died 238 BC) was an Iranian satrap of the Seleucid provinces of Parthia and Hyrcania under the Seleucid rulers Antiochus I Soter and Antiochus II Theos. He later revolted against his overlords, ruling independently from 245 BC till his death.
Kompas Gramedia is the largest media conglomerate in Indonesia.
Recoaro Terme  is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is known for his mineral spring waters: "Lora" is bottled and commercialized, while some of the others are used for hydrotherapy in "Terme Recoaro" Spa.
The Pigram Brothers are a seven-piece Indigenous Australian band from the pearling town of Broome, Western Australia, formed in 1996.
Trecate is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about east of Novara.
Annone Veneto is a town in the Metropolitan City of Venice, Veneto, northern Italy, located near the Livenza river. The SP61 provincial road passes through the town.
Dolo is a town and "comune" in the province of Venice, Veneto, Italy. It is connected by the SP26 provincial road and is one of the towns of the Riviera del Brenta.
Freienfeld  is a "comune"  in the province of South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about north of the city of Bolzano.
Karneid  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about east of the city of Bolzano. It is also the location of Karneid castle.
Lajen  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about northeast of the city of Bolzano.
Montan  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about south of the city of Bolzano.
Plaus  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about north-west of the city of Bolzano.
Innichen  is a market town and "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy.
Schnals  is a "comune"  in the autonomous province of South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about northwest of the city of Bolzano, on the border with Austria. The municipality includes large parts of the Schnalstal.
Olang  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about northeast of the city of Bolzano.
The Gnoll  in Neath, Wales is a sports ground, with a capacity of 15,000. It is used primarily for rugby union and rugby league, although it has also been used previously for association football and cricket. 
Noventa di Piave is a town in the Metropolitan City of Venice, Veneto, northern Italy. It is east of SP83 provincial road, and there is an exit nearby on the A4 motorway. 
Torre di Mosto is a town in the province of Venice, Veneto, Italy. It is south of SP18.
WQXA-FM (105.7 FM, "105.7 The X") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve York, Pennsylvania. Owned by Cumulus Media, it broadcasts an active rock format serving South Central Pennsylvania. 
Bleggio Superiore  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about west of Trento. 
Caldes  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about northwest of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,049 and an area of .
Castel Condino or "The Cheen Castle", is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about southwest of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 235 and an area of .
Cis  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about northwest of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 311 and an area of .
Fai della Paganella  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about northwest of Trento. In its territory is located the Paganella mountain and ski resort.
Imèr  is a "comune"  in Trentino, located about east of Trento in northern Italy. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,213 and an area of .
Mazzin  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 60 km northeast of Trento.
Ospedaletto  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about east of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 807 and an area of .
Predazzo  is a village and "comune" in the province of Trento, northern Italian. Predazzo is located about 58 kilometres northeast of Trento in Val di Fiemme.
Sanzeno  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about north of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 948 and an area of .
Sporminore  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about northwest of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 695 and an area of .
Tione di Trento  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about west of Trento. 
Volano is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about south of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,851 and an area of .
Brenzone sul Garda is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region of Veneto, located on the eastern shore of Lake Garda about west of Venice and about northwest of Verona.
Cologna Veneta is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about southeast of Verona. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 8,207 and an area of .
Isola Rizza is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about southeast of Verona. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,977 and an area of .
Nogara is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about south of Verona.
Salizzole is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about southeast of Verona. Economy includes production of rice and of artistic furniture.
Selva di Progno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about northeast of Verona. 
Villa Bartolomea is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about southeast of Verona. 
Albaretto della Torre is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. 
Beinette is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about east of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,898 and an area of .
Bosia is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. 
Canale is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 5,544 and an area of .
Castellino Tanaro  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about east of Cuneo. 
Centallo is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about north of Cuneo. 
Cossano Belbo is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. 
Faule is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about north of Cuneo, near the Po River. 
Gottasecca is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about east of Cuneo.
Lesegno is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about east of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 868 and an area of .
Margarita is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about east of Cuneo.
Monchiero is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 560 and an area of .
Morozzo is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. 
Oncino is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about northwest of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 93 and an area of .
Piasco is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about northwest of Cuneo.
Revello is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about northwest of Cuneo.
Roddino is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 386 and an area of .
San Damiano Macra is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about northwest of Cuneo. 
Sommariva Perno is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located in Roero about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,800 and an area of .
Venasca is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about northwest of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,563 and an area of .
Vottignasco is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about north of Cuneo.
Calamandrana is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Asti.
Castel Boglione is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Asti.
Cellarengo is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about west of Asti.
Cortiglione is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Asti.
Max Lambert Peter van Heeswijk (born March 2, 1973 in Hoensbroek, Limburg) is a Dutch retired professional road racing cyclist.
Moncucco Torinese is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northwest of Asti.
Penango is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about north of Asti.
San Martino Alfieri is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southwest of Asti.
Tonengo is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northwest of Asti. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 196 and an area of .
The Kansas Democratic Party is the affiliate of the Democratic Party in the state of Kansas. The chair of the Kansas Democratic Party is Vicki Hiatt.
Balzola is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northwest of Alessandria.
Bosco Marengo   is a town and "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria.
Carezzano is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 429 and an area of .
Cassano Spinola is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,863 and an area of .
Castelspina is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southwest of Alessandria.
Recorded Picture Company is a British film production company founded in 1974 by producer Jeremy Thomas.
Frugarolo is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria.
Lerma is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about south of Alessandria.
Moncestino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northwest of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 238 and an area of .
Morsasco is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about south of Alessandria. 
Paderna is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 242 and an area of .
Ponzone is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southwest of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,217 and an area of .
Roccaforte Ligure is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria, between the Val Sisola and the Valle Spinti.
Sarezzano is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about east of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,171 and an area of .
Tassarolo is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 598 and an area of .
Viguzzolo is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about east of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,964 and an area of .
Valeri Viktorovich Liukin (, born 17 December 1966 in Aktyubinsk, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian-American retired artistic gymnast turned gymnastics coach. As a competitor for the former Soviet Union, Liukin was the 1988 Olympic champion in the team competition and individually on the horizontal bar, and Olympic silver medalist in the all-around and the parallel bars.
Albury Airport is a regional airport located northeast Albury, New South Wales, Australia. The airport, which also serves Albury's adjacent sister city of Wodonga, Victoria was the fifth busiest in New South Wales as of 2016. 
Castellaro  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about west of Imperia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,083 and an area of .
Diano Arentino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about north of Imperia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 648 and an area of .
Montegrosso Pian Latte  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about northwest of Imperia.
Ranzo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about north of Imperia.
Vallebona  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about west of Imperia. 
Bergeggi  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about southwest of Savona. 
Celle Ligure  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about west of Genoa and about northeast of Savona.
Loano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about southwest of Savona. 
Ortovero  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about southwest of Savona. 
Sassello  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about west of Genoa and about north of Savona in the northern side of the Ligurian Apennines. It is the birthplace of Blessed Chiara Badano.
Zuccarello  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about southwest of Savona.
Tampereen Pallo-Veikot or TPV is a Finnish football club, based in Tampere. The club plays in the Kakkonen, the third highest level of football in Finland. 
Neftchala FK is an Azerbaijani football club based in Neftçala. The club is currently participating in the Azerbaijan First Division.
Saher Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Tovuz, Azerbaijan. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of PFC Turan Tovuz. 
Seneca Creek is a tributary of the North Fork of the South Branch of the Potomac River located entirely within Pendleton County, West Virginia, USA.
FC Merani Tbilisi is a Georgian football club based in Tbilisi. They play in the Meore Liga, the third division in Georgian football. They play their home games at Sinatle Stadium.
Impruneta is a town and "comune" of the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany. The population is about 15,000.
The Museum of African Art  is a museum located in the urban neighborhood of Senjak, Belgrade, the capital city of Serbia.
ROLM Corporation was a technology company founded in Silicon Valley in 1969.
WFLC (97.3 MHz, "Hits 97.3") is a commercial FM radio station in Miami, Florida. The station is owned by the Cox Media Group of Atlanta and it airs a Mainstream Top 40  radio format. 
FK Napredok  is a football club from Kičevo, Republic of Macedonia. They currently play in the Macedonian Third League.
Roger Shaler Bagnall (born August 19, 1947 in Seattle) is an American classical scholar. He was a professor of classics and history at Columbia University from 1974 until 2007, when he took up the position of first Director of the Institute for the Study of the Ancient World  at New York University.
Bidvest Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in the Braampark suburb of Johannesburg in South Africa. 
Edwin Earle "Ed" Myers (December 18, 1896 – August 31, 1978) was an American athlete who competed in the men's pole vault. He competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics and won bronze, behind Danish pole vaulter Henry Petersen who won silver.
Manzanares el Real is a 7,250 inhabitant town in the northern area of the autonomous Community of Madrid. It is located at the foot of The Pedriza, a part of the Sierra de Guadarrama, and next to the "embalse de Santillana" .
Australian Motor Industries  was an automobile assembly firm that was significant in the early history of the automotive industry in Australia.
CJLU-FM (93.9 MHz) is a Canadian radio station, licensed to Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, and serving the Halifax Regional Municipality. CJLU has a repeater station in Wolfville at 88.3 FM with the call sign CJLU-FM-1.
Cotillas is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 282.
Letur is a municipality in the province of Albacete, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain. To the south, it borders the Murcia Region . It has a population of 1,285, according to INE.
Nerpio is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,692.
Valdeganga is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,936.
Benjamin "Bibi" Netanyahu (; born 21 October 1949) is an Israeli politician serving as the 9th and current Prime Minister of Israel since 2009, previously holding the position from 1996 to 1999. Netanyahu is also the Chairman of the Likud party. He is the first Israeli Prime Minister born in Israel after the establishment of the state.
Kampala is the capital and largest city of Uganda. The city is divided into five boroughs that oversee local planning: Kampala Central Division, Kawempe Division, Makindye Division, Nakawa Division, and Rubaga Division. 
Frederick II (1 July 1534 – 4 April 1588) was King of Denmark and Norway and Duke of Schleswig from 1559 until his death.
El Alamein  is a town in the northern Matrouh Governorate of Egypt. Located on the Mediterranean Sea, it lies west of Alexandria and northwest of Cairo. As of 2007, it had a population of 7,397 inhabitants.
Laibach  is a Slovenian avant-garde music group associated with the industrial, martial, and neo-classical genres. 
Yakutsk  is the capital city of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located about south of the Arctic Circle.
Magadan  is a port town and the administrative center of Magadan Oblast, Russia, located on the Sea of Okhotsk in Nagayev Bay  and serving as a gateway to the Kolyma region. Population: 
The Back River  is the 20th longest Canadian river and is located in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut. It rises at an unnamed lake in the North Slave Region of the Northwest Territories and flows more than mostly through the Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, to its mouth at the Arctic Ocean in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut.
Ruud Gullit, (; born Rudi Dil; 1 September 1962) is a Dutch football manager and former footballer who played professionally in the 1980s and 1990s as a midfielder or forward. He was the captain of the Netherlands national team that was victorious at UEFA Euro 1988 and was also a member of the squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup and Euro 1992.
Ludlow is a market town in Shropshire, England, south of Shrewsbury and north of Hereford via the main A49 road, which bypasses the town. With a population of approximately 11,000, Ludlow is the largest town in South Shropshire. 
The Tatra Mountains, Tatras, or Tatra  or in Polish - "plurale tantum"), is a mountain range that forms a natural border between Slovakia and Poland. This is the highest mountain range in the Carpathian Mountains. The Tatras should not be confused with the Low Tatras , which are located south of the Tatra Mountains in Slovakia.
Christa Päffgen (16 October 1938 – 18 July 1988), known by her stage name Nico, was a German singer, songwriter, musician, model, and actress. She had roles in several films, including Federico Fellini's "La Dolce Vita" (1960) and Andy Warhol's "Chelsea Girls" (1966).
Degaga "Mamo" Wolde ({lang-amh| ማሞ ወልዴ}}; 12 June 1932 – 26 May 2002) was an Ethiopian long distance runner who competed in track, cross-country, and road running events. He was the winner of the marathon at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
George Eastman (July 12, 1854 – March 14, 1932) was an American entrepreneur who founded the Eastman Kodak Company and popularized the use of roll film, helping to bring photography to the mainstream. Roll film was also the basis for the invention of motion picture film stock in 1888 by the world's first film-makers Eadweard Muybridge and Louis Le Prince, and a few years later by their followers Léon Bouly, William Kennedy Dickson, Thomas Edison, the Lumière Brothers, and Georges Méliès.
The Social Democratic Party of Germany , is a social-democratic political party in Germany.
Vacaville is a city located in Solano County in Northern California. Sitting approximately from Sacramento and from San Francisco, it is part of the San Francisco Bay Area but also considered, at least by some agencies, to be part of the Sacramento Valley. As of the 2010 census, Vacaville had a population of 92,428, making it the third largest city in Solano County.
Robert George Seale (born October 22, 1936) is an American political activist. He and fellow activist Huey P. Newton co-founded the Black Panther Party.
Ithaca, Ithaki or Ithaka  is a Greek island located in the Ionian Sea, off the northeast coast of Kefalonia and to the west of continental Greece.
Lars Valerian Ahlfors (18 April 1907 – 11 October 1996) was a Finnish mathematician, remembered for his work in the field of Riemann surfaces and his text on complex analysis.
The New Party , formerly the Chinese New Party , is a Chinese nationalist political party in Taiwan, affiliated with the pan-blue coalition, and supportive of Chinese unification.
Simone Lucie Ernestine Marie Bertrand de Beauvoir (; ; 9 January 1908 – 14 April 1986) was a French writer, intellectual, existentialist philosopher, political activist, feminist and social theorist. Though she did not consider herself a philosopher, she had a significant influence on both feminist existentialism and feminist theory.
Naxos  is a Greek island and the largest of the Cyclades. It was the centre of archaic Cycladic culture. 
Southern California  is a geographic and cultural region that generally comprises California's southernmost counties, and is the second most populous urban agglomeration in the United States. The region contains ten counties: Imperial, Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Barbara, San Luis Obispo, Ventura, and Kern counties.
Parma Calcio 1913, commonly referred to as Parma, is an Italian football club based in Parma, Emilia-Romagna. It currently plays in Serie A.
Albertville  is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Southwest Airlines Co. is a major American airline headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and is the world's largest low cost carrier.
Norbert Wiener (November 26, 1894 – March 18, 1964) was an American mathematician and philosopher. He was a professor of mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
Stephen John Fry (born 24 August 1957) is an English actor, comedian and writer. He and Hugh Laurie are the comic double act Fry and Laurie, who starred in "A Bit of Fry & Laurie" and "Jeeves and Wooster".
William Claude Rains (10 November 188930 May 1967) was an English–American film and stage actor whose career spanned several decades. After his American film debut as Dr. Jack Griffin in "The Invisible Man" (1933) he appeared in classic films such as "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1938), "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (1939), "The Wolf Man" (1941), "Casablanca" and "Kings Row" (both 1942), "Notorious" (1946), "The Pied Piper of Hamelin" (1957), and "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962).
Traralgon  is a city located in the east of the Latrobe Valley in the Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia. The urban population of Traralgon at the was 25,485. 
Ole-Johan Dahl (12 October 1931 – 29 June 2002) was a Norwegian computer scientist. Dahl was a professor of computer science at the University of Oslo and is considered to be one of the fathers of Simula and object-oriented programming along with Kristen Nygaard.
Iceland's defences consist of the Icelandic Coast Guard, which patrols Icelandic waters and airspace, and other services such as the National Commissioner's National Security and Special Forces Units.
Haakon VII (; born Christian Frederik Carl Georg Valdemar Axel; 3 August 187221 September 1957), known as Prince Carl of Denmark until 1905, was a Danish prince who became the first king of Norway after the 1905 dissolution of the union with Sweden. He reigned from November 1905 until his death in September 1957.
Hlothhere (; died 6 February 685) was a King of Kent who ruled from 673 to 685.
WABC-TV, channel 7, is the flagship station of the ABC television network, licensed to New York City. WABC-TV is owned by the ABC Owned Television Stations subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company. The station's studios and offices are located on Lincoln Square on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, adjacent to ABC's corporate headquarters; its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building.
Pete Sampras (born August 12, 1971 as Petros Sampras) is an American former tennis player, regarded by many as one of the greatest in the history of the sport. A right-handed player with a single-handed backhand, his precise and powerful serve earned him the nickname "Pistol Pete". His professional career began in 1988 and ended at the 2002 US Open, which he won, defeating rival Andre Agassi in the final. 
The Whitney Museum of American Art, known informally as the "Whitney", is an art museum in Manhattan. It was founded in 1930 by Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney (1875–1942), a wealthy and prominent American socialite and art patron after whom it is named.
Artem  Ivanovich Mikoyan (; ; – 9 December 1970) was a Soviet Armenian aircraft designer. In partnership with Mikhail Gurevich he designed many of the famous MiG military aircraft.
Elena Viktorovna Berezhnaya (, born 11 October 1977) is a Russian former pair skater. With partner Anton Sikharulidze, she is the 1998 and 1999 World champion, 1998 Olympic silver medalist and 2002 Olympic champion.
Yeshiva University is a private research university with four campuses in New York City. The university's undergraduate schools — Yeshiva College, Stern College for Women, and Syms School of Business — offer a dual curriculum inspired by Modern-Centrist-Orthodox Judaism's "hashkafa"  of Torah Umadda" " combining academic education with the study of the Torah.
Hồ Chí Minh (; , ; Chữ nôm: 胡志明; 19 May 1890 – 2 September 1969), born Nguyễn Sinh Cung, also known as Nguyễn Tất Thành, Nguyễn Ái Quốc, Bác Hồ  or simply Bác , was a Vietnamese revolutionary and politician. He served as Prime Minister of North Vietnam from 1945 to 1955 and then its President from 1945 to 1969. 
Robert Earl Wise (September 10, 1914 – September 14, 2005) was an American film director, producer, and editor. He won Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture for both "West Side Story" (1961) and "The Sound of Music" (1965). He was also nominated for Best Film Editing for "Citizen Kane" (1941) and directed and produced "The Sand Pebbles" (1966), which was nominated for Best Picture.
Futbol Club Barcelona , commonly referred to as Barcelona and colloquially known as Barça , is a Spanish professional football club based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
Dorothy Faye Dunaway (born January 14, 1941) is an American actress. She has won an Academy Award, three Golden Globes, a BAFTA, and an Emmy, and was the first recipient of a Leopard Club Award that honors film professionals whose work has left a mark on the collective imagination. 
The Guadiana River , or Odiana, is an international river defining a long stretch of the Portugal-Spain border, separating Extremadura and Andalucia  from Alentejo and Algarve . The river's basin extends from the eastern portion of Extremadura to the southern provinces of the Algarve; the river and its tributaries flow from east to west, then south through Portugal to the border towns of Vila Real de Santo António  and Ayamonte , where it flows into the Gulf of Cádiz. 
Baffin Island , in the Canadian territory of Nunavut, is the largest island in Canada and the fifth-largest island in the world. Its area is and its population is about 13,148 (2016 census). 
Pope Pius VII (14 August 1742 – 20 August 1823), born Barnaba Niccolò Maria Luigi Chiaramonti, was head of the Catholic Church and ruler of the Papal States from 14 March 1800 to his death in 1823. Chiaramonti was also a monk of the Order of Saint Benedict in addition to being a well-known theologian and bishop throughout his life.
Philibert I (17 August 1465, Chambéry – 22 September 1482), surnamed the Hunter, was the son of Amadeus IX, Duke of Savoy and Yolande of Valois. Philibert was Duke of Savoy from 1472 to 1482.
Perga or Perge  was an ancient Anatolian city, once the capital of Pamphylia Secunda, now in Antalya province on the southwestern Mediterranean coast of Turkey. Today, it is a large site of ancient ruins east of Antalya on the coastal plain. 
The Gambia Armed Forces, also known as the Armed Forces of The Gambia, consists of three branches: the Gambia National Army , the Gambia Navy, and the Republican National Guards . It formerly included the Gambia National Gendarmerie  from the 1980s to 1996, when they were moved under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of the Interior. 
Mysore , officially Mysuru, is a city in the state of Karnataka, India. Mysore city is geographically located between 12° 18<nowiki>' 26” North Latitude and 76° 38' 59"</nowiki> East Longitude. 
The Herald and Weekly Times Limited  is a newspaper publishing company based in Melbourne, Australia. It is owned and operated by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp Australia , which purchased HWT in 1987.
Maximilian Maria Kolbe ( ; 8 January 1894 – 14 August 1941), a Polish Conventual Franciscan friar, volunteered to die in place of a stranger in the German death camp of Auschwitz, located in German-occupied Poland during World War II. He had been active in promoting the veneration of the Immaculate Virgin Mary, founding and supervising the monastery of Niepokalanów near Warsaw, operating an amateur-radio station (SP3RN), and founding or running several other organizations and publications.
Banks Island is one of the larger members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. Situated in the Inuvik Region, and part of the Inuvialuit Settlement Region, of the Northwest Territories, it is separated from Victoria Island to its east by the Prince of Wales Strait and from the mainland by Amundsen Gulf to its south. The Beaufort Sea lies to its west, and to its northeast M'Clure Strait separates the island from Prince Patrick Island and Melville Island.
Sir Patrick Stewart (born 13 July 1940) is an English actor whose work has included roles on stage, television, and film in a career spanning almost six decades. He has been nominated for Olivier, Golden Globe, Emmy, Screen Actors Guild, and Saturn Awards throughout his career.
Jane Jacobs ("née" Butzner; May 4, 1916 – April 25, 2006) was an American-Canadian journalist, author, and activist who influenced urban studies, sociology, and economics. Her book "The Death and Life of Great American Cities" (1961) argued that urban renewal did not respect the needs of city-dwellers. 
Satyendra Nath Bose, ( "Sôtyendronath Bosu", ; 1 January 1894 – 4 February 1974) was an Indian physicist specialising in theoretical physics. He is best known for his work on quantum mechanics in the early 1920s, providing the foundation for Bose–Einstein statistics and the theory of the Bose–Einstein condensate. A Fellow of the Royal Society, he was awarded India's second highest civilian award, the Padma Vibhushan in 1954 by the Government of India.
Louis Aragon (, 3 October 1897 – 24 December 1982) was a French poet who was one of the leading voices of the surrealist movement in France. He co-founded with André Breton and Philippe Soupault the surrealist review "Littérature". He was also a novelist and editor, a long-time member of the Communist Party and a member of the Académie Goncourt.
Pierre Carlet de Chamblain de Marivaux (4 February 1688 – 12 February 1763), commonly referred to as Marivaux, was a French novelist and dramatist.
WGCI-FM (107.5 FM) is an Urban Contemporary radio station that is licensed to Chicago, Illinois, serving the Chicago metropolitan area and to Northwest Indiana. It is owned and operated by iHeartMedia (formerly known as Clear Channel Communications until September 2014).
Lela Rochon (born Lela Rochon Staples; April 17, 1964) is an American actress, best known for her breakthrough role as Robin Stokes in the 1995 romantic drama film "Waiting to Exhale". She also had starring roles in films "The Chamber" (1996), "Gang Related" (1997), "Knock Off" (1998), "Why Do Fools Fall in Love" (1998), and "Any Given Sunday" (1999).
Jarabe de Palo is a Spanish rock group from Spain led by singer, songwriter and guitarist, Pau Donés.
Cleitus  the Black (; c. 375 BC – 328 BC) was an officer of the Macedonian army led by Alexander the Great. He saved Alexander's life at the Battle of the Granicus in 334 BC and was killed by him in a drunken quarrel six years later. 
KNEW (960 AM) is an American business talk radio station licensed to Oakland, California, which serves the San Francisco Bay Area. The station is owned by The station's studios are located in SoMa district of San Francisco, and the transmitter is located in Oakland at the eastern end of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge.
Western Power Corporation , owned by the Government of Western Australia, was Western Australia's major electricity supplier from 1995 through 2006.
Holland Virginia Taylor (born January 14, 1943) is an American actress and playwright. She won the 1999 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her role as Judge Roberta Kittleson on the ABC drama "The Practice" (1998–2003). She is also known for her role as Evelyn Harper on the CBS sitcom "Two and a Half Men" (2003–2015).
Nova Lima is a municipality of about 87,000 people, whose downtown is located about 20 kilometers of Belo Horizonte, the capital of the south-eastern Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. Mining is one of the main economical activities of the city, including the extraction of Iron Ore and Gold. The most famous mine in the city is Morro Velho , a gold mine of depth.
Luc Van Lierde (born 14 April 1969 in Bruges) is a former athlete from Belgium, who has been competing in triathlon since 1990 and who has been a professional triathlon coach since 2009.
Patriarch Theophilos III of Jerusalem  (born 4 April 1952 – Ilias Giannopoulos, "Ηλίας Γιαννόπουλος", إلياس يانوبولوس) is the current Patriarch of the Orthodox Church of Jerusalem. He is styled "Patriarch of the Holy City of Jerusalem and all Palestine and Israel." 
Yakov Alexandrovich Protazanov (; February 4 (O.S. January 23), 1881 – August 8, 1945) was a Russian and Soviet film director and screenwriter, and one of the founding fathers of cinema of Russia. He was an Honored Artist of the Russian SFSR (1935) and Uzbek SSR (1944).
Elleker is a small town in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, situated about west of the regional city of Albany.
Gerard I of Guelders (c. 1060 – 8 March 1129) was Count of Guelders . He was the son of Theodoric of Wassenberg.
Charles Joseph John Hart (born 19 April 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Burnley and the English national team. With over 100 Premier League clean sheets, Hart holds the joint record for the most Premier League Golden Glove awards  and has amassed 75 international caps since his debut in 2008.
Chaussy, Chavusy or Chausy  is a town in the eastern Belarusian voblast of Mogilev. Chavusy serves as an administrative center of Chavusy Raion. 
Pavlovo , also known as Pavlovo-na-Oke , is a town and the administrative center of Pavlovsky District in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of Oka River in the northwestern part of the Volga Upland. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 60,698.
Zhang Yuan (; born October 1963) is a Chinese film director who has been described by film scholars as a pioneering member of China's Sixth Generation of filmmakers. He and his films have won ten awards out of seventeen nominations received at international film festivals.
Saint-Coulomb  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Rehburg-Loccum is a town 50 km north west of Hanover in the district of Nienburg in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Port Victoria  is a town on the west coast of Yorke Peninsula in the Australian state of South Australia. At the , Port Victoria had a population of 345.
Alice Coachman Davis (November 9, 1923 – July 14, 2014) was an American athlete. She specialized in high jump and was the first black woman to win an Olympic gold medal.
Anatoly Vasilievich Kuznetsov (; August 18, 1929, Kiev – June 13, 1979, London)
The Peel River  is a tributary of the Mackenzie River in the Yukon and Northwest Territories in Canada. Its source is in the Ogilvie Mountains in the central Yukon at the confluence of the Ogilvie River and Blackstone River. Its main tributaries are:
Jade Raymond (born 28 August 1975) is a Canadian video game producer and executive in charge of Stadia Games and Entertainment, best known as founder of Ubisoft Toronto and Motive Studios.
The Lamu Archipelago is located in the Indian Ocean close to the northern coast of Kenya, to which it belongs. The islands lie between the towns of Lamu and Kiunga, near the Coast Province. It is a part of Lamu District.
Isaac of Nineveh (; Arabic: إسحاق النينوي "Ishaq an-Naynuwī"; ; c. 613 – c. 700), also remembered as Saint Isaac the Syrian, Abba Isaac, Isaac Syrus and Isaac of Qatar, was a 7th-century Church of the East Syriac Christian bishop and theologian best remembered for his written works on Christian asceticism, and beloved also Syrian Orthodox Church Bishop against Nestorianism. He is regarded as a saint in the  Syrian Orthodox Church and Assyrian Church of the East. 
Rosignol is a small village on the west bank of the Berbice River in Guyana at .
Gate Gourmet is an airline catering firm with headquarters on the grounds of Zürich Airport, Switzerland, near Zürich.
WNOE-FM (101.1 FM) is a country music station based in New Orleans, Louisiana. The iHeartMedia, Inc. outlet broadcasts at 101.1 MHz with an ERP of 100 kW. Its current slogan is "New Orleans Country Station." 
WKBU (95.7 FM, "Bayou 95.7") is a radio station licensed to New Orleans. Owned by Entercom, it broadcasts a classic rock format. 
Paterson River, a perennial river that is part of the Hunter River catchment, is located in the Hunter and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales, Australia.
The Cyprus Stock Exchange or CSE (, is a European stock exchange located in Cyprus. T .
The Boston College Eagles are the athletic teams that represent Boston College, located in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association  Division I level  sub-level for football), primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference .
Mikhail Alexandrovich Ulyanov (; 20 November 1927 – 26 March 2007) was a Soviet and Russian actor who was one of the most recognized persons of the post-World War II Soviet theatre and cinema. He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1969 and a Hero of Socialist Labour in 1986 and received a special prize from the Venice Film Festival in 1982.
The Stade de Suisse Wankdorf is a football stadium in Bern, Switzerland. As the second largest all-seater football stadium in Switzerland, Stade de Suisse Wankdorf currently serves as the home ground of the Swiss football team BSC Young Boys. It was also one of the venues used during the Euro 2008.
Philipp Friedrich Alexander, Prince of Eulenburg and Hertefeld, Count of Sandels (; 12 February 1847 – 17 September 1921) was a diplomat and composer of Imperial Germany who achieved considerable influence as the closest friend of Wilhelm II. He was the central member of the so-called Liebenberg Circle, a group of artistically minded German aristocrats within Wilhelm's entourage. 
Miles Axe Copeland III (born May 2, 1944) is an American music and entertainment executive and former manager of The Police. Copeland later managed Sting's musical and acting career. In 1979, Copeland founded the I.R.S. Records label, producing R.E.M., The Bangles, Berlin, The Cramps, Dead Kennedys, The Alarm, The Go-Go's, and others.
Sounds Like Chicken was a band from Melbourne, Australia, which formed in 1999 and disbanded in 2007. They were one of Australia's most well-known ska bands and one of the most popular Christian bands in the country. They were signed to Boomtown Records.
Benedicto Kagimu Mugumba Kiwanuka (8 May 1922 – 22 September 1972) was the first prime minister of Uganda, a leader of the Democratic Party, and one of the persons that led the country in the transition between colonial British rule and independence. He was murdered by Idi Amin's regime in 1972.
Canterbury of New Zealand  is a UK-based sports clothing company that focuses mainly on rugby football. The company originated from the Canterbury region in New Zealand.
The Official Charts Company, also referred to as Official Charts  and The Official UK Charts Company) is a British inter-professional organisation that compiles various "official" record charts in the United Kingdom, including the UK Singles Chart, the UK Albums Chart, the UK Singles Downloads Chart and the UK Album Downloads Chart, as well as genre-specific and music video charts. The OCC produces its charts by gathering and combining sales data from retailers through market researchers Millward Brown, and claims to cover 99% of the singles market and 95% of the album market, and aims to collect data from any retailer who sells more than 100 chart items per week.
The Cavite State University,  , is a state university in the province of Cavite in the Philippines. Its main campus, known as the Don Severino de las Alas Campus, is located in the Municipality of Indang, Cavite about southwest of Manila. 
The Columbia Aircraft Manufacturing Corporation was an aircraft manufacturer that designed and built light general aviation aircraft. In November 2007 it became a division of Cessna.
Doodlakine is a town east of Perth, Western Australia. It is within the Shire of Kellerberrin along the Great Eastern Highway. 
The Ptsich, or Pcič  is a river in Eastern Europe, of approximately length. It flows south through Belarus, taking its source near Minsk, and draining into the Pripyat, being its left tributary.
Kingston On Murray  is a town on the south bank of the Murray River in the Riverland region of South Australia. Its name is ultimately derived from Charles Kingston who was Premier of South Australia from 1893-99. At the 2006 census, the town had a population of 257.
Per Kirkeby (1 September 1938 – 9 May 2018) was a Danish painter, poet, film maker and sculptor.
Cornelia "Kea" Tiedemann-Bouman (23 November 1903 – 17 November 1998) was a female tennis player from the Netherlands. She won the singles title at the 1927 French Championships, beating Irene Bowder Peacock of South Africa in the final. 
The Wahaha Joint Venture Company is a food and beverage joint venture company established between the Hangzhou Wahaha Group, the largest beverage producer in China, and Danone, one of the world's largest food conglomerates.
Charles Lyndhurst Winslow (1 August 1888 – 15 September 1963) was a three-time Olympic tennis medalist from South Africa. He won two Gold medals: Men's Singles and Doubles at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm. Eight years later, in Antwerp, Winslow won a Bronze medal in the Men's Singles event.
Aasiaat or Ausiait, formerly Egedesminde, is a town in the Qeqertalik municipality in western Greenland, located in the heart of Aasiaat Archipelago at the southern end of Disko Bay. With a population of 3,102 as of 2014, it is Greenland's fifth-largest town.
Lochmaben  is a small town and civil parish in Scotland, and site of a once-important castle. It lies four miles west of Lockerbie, in Dumfries and Galloway.
Boldklubben 1913 is a Danish football club currently playing in Albani Series. They play at Campus Road, in Odense on Funen. 
Rumelange  is a commune with town status in south-western Luxembourg, on the border with France.
San Carlos  is the capital of the Venezuelan state of Cojedes. This city is also the municipal seat of the Ezequiel Zamora Municipality and, according to the 2001 Venezuelan census, the municipality has a population of 83,957.
Joseph Allen Frear Jr. (March 7, 1903 – January 15, 1993) was an American businessman and politician. A Democrat, he served as a United States Senator from Delaware from 1949 to 1961.
Peel Island  is a small heritage-listed island located in Moreton Bay, east of Brisbane, in South East Queensland, Australia. The island is within the local government area of Redland City.
WCVJ (90.9 FM) is an American radio station located in Jefferson, Ohio. It is owned by Educational Media Foundation and airs EMF's Air1 nationally syndicated Christian Worship format.
Mirjalol Kushakovich Qosimov  (born 17 September 1970) is a former head coach of the Uzbekistan national football team. He also played for the national team as a playmaker. Qosimov is currently the manager of Bunyodkor.
Shlomo Zalman Auerbach (; July 20, 1910 – February 20, 1995) was a renowned Orthodox Jewish rabbi, posek, and rosh yeshiva of the Kol Torah yeshiva in Jerusalem, Israel. The Jerusalem neighborhood Ramat Shlomo is named after Rabbi Auerbach.
Maspalomas  is a tourist town in the south of the island of Gran Canaria, Canary Islands, stretching from Bahía Feliz in the east to Meloneras in the west, including the resort towns of San Agustín and Playa del Inglés. Maspalomas constitutes the southernmost part of the municipality of San Bartolomé de Tirajana, and of the island.
The Oromo Democratic Party  is a political party in Ethiopia, and part of the alliance with the Amhara National Democratic Movement, the South Ethiopian Peoples' Democratic Front and the Tigrayan Peoples' Liberation Front that forms the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front . At the last legislative elections, 15 May 2005, the party was part of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front, that won 327 out of 527 seats.
Giengen  is a former Free Imperial City in eastern Baden-Württemberg near the border with Bavaria in southern Germany. The town is located in the district of Heidenheim at the eastern edge of the Swabian Alb, about 30 kilometers northeast of Ulm on the Brenz River.
Simon of Hauteville (Palermo 1093 – Mileto 1105), called Simon de Hauteville in French and Simone D'Altavilla in Italian, was the eldest son and successor of Roger the Great Count, count of Sicily, and Adelaide del Vasto, under whose regency he reigned.
NationLink Telecom is a telecommunications firm based in Somalia.
Targovishte  is a city in Bulgaria, the administrative and economic capital of Targovishte Province.
Turckheim  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. It lies west of Colmar, on the eastern slopes of the Vosges mountains.
Cebu Normal University is a state research university in the Philippines. CNU is designated by the Commission on Higher Education  as Center of Excellence  in both Nursing Education and Teacher Education.
Aride Island is the northernmost granitic island in the Seychelles . A nature reserve, it is leased and managed by the Island Conservation Society of Seychelles.
Louis II of Flanders  (25 October 1330, Male – 30 January 1384, Lille), also known as Louis of Male, a member of the House of Dampierre, was Count of Flanders, Nevers and Rethel from 1346 as well as Count of Artois and Burgundy from 1382 until his death.
Shavers Fork of the Cheat River is situated in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia, USA. It is 88.5 mi (142.5 km) long and forms the Cheat at its confluence with Black Fork at Parsons. 
Michala Petri (born July 7, 1958) is a Danish recorder player. Her debut as a soloist was in 1969. She is the step-granddaughter of Danish actress Ingeborg Brams.
Abaoji, posthumously known as Emperor Taizu of Liao, was a Khitan leader and founder of the Liao dynasty (907–926). He had a sinicised name, Yelü Yi; some sources suggest that Abaoji's family name, Yelü, was adopted during his lifetime, though there is no unanimity on this point.
Mike Deodato (; born 23 May 1963 in Campina Grande, Paraíba, Brazil), sometimes credited as Mike Deodato Jr., is the professional pseudonym of Brazilian comic book artist Deodato Taumaturgo Borges Filho.
Institute of Biochemistry and Biophysics  or International Research Institute on Biochemistry and Biophysics, is an interdisciplinary research institute in Iran founded in 1976 to conduct research in cellular and molecular biology and related fields. It is affiliated with the University of Tehran and is located in its main campus.
Angus Scrimm (born Lawrence Rory Guy; August 19, 1926 – January 9, 2016) was an American actor, author, and journalist, best known for his portrayal of the Tall Man in the 1979 horror film "Phantasm" and its sequels.
Gelnica  is a town in the Košice Region of Eastern Slovakia. It has a population of 6,076.
WYFF, virtual channel 4 (UHF digital channel 36), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Greenville, South Carolina, United States, serving Upstate South Carolina and Western North Carolina. The station is owned by the Hearst Television subsidiary of Hearst Communications. WYFF's studios are located on Rutherford Street (west of Route 276) in northwest Greenville, and its transmitter is located near Caesars Head State Park in northwestern Greenville County.
Jindabyne is a town in south-east New South Wales, Australia that overlooks Lake Jindabyne near the Snowy Mountains, in Snowy Monaro Regional Council. It is a popular holiday destination year round, especially in winter. 
Else Hirsch (29 July 1889 – 1942 or 1943) was a Jewish teacher in Bochum, Germany, and a member of the German Resistance against the Third Reich. She organized transports of Jewish children to the Netherlands and England, saving them from Nazi deportation to concentration camps and death. Hirsch perished in the Riga Ghetto, at the age of 53 or 54. 
Zob Ahan Isfahan Football Club  is an Iranian football club based in Fuladshahr, Iran. It competes in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
Richard Burton Cronin (August 30, 1974September 8, 2010) was an American singer, songwriter and rapper, best known for being the lead singer and primary songwriter for the pop and hip hop group LFO.
The Stampeders are a Canadian rock trio, consisting of Rich Dodson , Ronnie King , and Kim Berly .
William Hodges Mann (July 30, 1843 – December 12, 1927) was a Virginia lawyer, Confederate soldier and Democratic politician who became the first judge of Nottoway County, Virginia and the last Confederate veteran to serve as the 46th Governor of Virginia (from 1910 to 1914).
The National Democratic Convention  is a South African political party formed in August 2005 via floor crossing legislation by Ziba Jiyane, the former Inkatha Freedom Party  chairperson.
Serhiy Stanislavovych Rebrov (, born 3 June 1974) is a retired Ukrainian football forward and the current manager of Ferencváros.
Holy Cross College is a Roman Catholic, co-educational, residential institution of higher education in Notre Dame, Indiana. The college was founded in 1966 and is administered by members of the Congregation of Holy Cross.
WLIB (1190 AM) is an urban contemporary gospel radio station licensed to New York City. WLIB is owned by Emmis Communications, along with sister stations WBLS (107.5 FM) and WQHT (97.1 FM). The three stations share studios in the Hudson Square neigborhood of Manhattan, and WLIB's transmitter is located in Lyndhurst, New Jersey.
Bleach is an American Christian rock band based in Nashville, Tennessee.
DB Regio AG is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bahn which operates short and medium distance commuter train services in Germany.
Church Stretton is a small town in Shropshire, England, south of Shrewsbury and north of Ludlow. The population in 2011 was 4,671.
Haley Reeves Barbour (born October 22, 1947) is an American attorney, politician, and lobbyist who served as the 63rd Governor of Mississippi from 2004 to 2012. A member of the Republican Party, he previously served as chairman of the Republican National Committee from 1993 to 1997.
Patricia Alma O'Connell (née Hitchcock; born 7 July 1928), commonly known as Pat Hitchcock, is an English actress and producer. She is the only child of English director Alfred Hitchcock and Alma Reville, and had small roles in several of his films, starting with "Stage Fright" (1950).
Yves Klein (; 28 April 1928 – 6 June 1962) was a French artist and an important figure in post-war European art. He was a leading member of the French artistic movement of Nouveau réalisme founded in 1960 by art critic Pierre Restany. 
Kettering University  is a private cooperative education and experiential learning-based university in Flint, Michigan, offering bachelor's and master's degrees in STEM  and business fields.
The String Cheese Incident  is an American band from Crested Butte and Telluride, Colorado, formed in 1993. The band is composed of Michael Kang , Michael Travis , Bill Nershi , Kyle Hollingsworth , and Keith Moseley , and, in 2004, Jason Hann .
The Freedom Party was a political party in the United Kingdom.
Rosemary Isabel Brown (27 July 191616 November 2001) was an English composer, pianist and spirit medium who claimed that dead composers dictated new musical works to her. She created a small media sensation in the 1970s by presenting works purportedly dictated to her by Claude Debussy, Edvard Grieg, Franz Liszt, Franz Schubert, Frédéric Chopin, Igor Stravinsky, Johann Sebastian Bach, Johannes Brahms, Ludwig van Beethoven, Robert Schumann and Sergei Rachmaninoff.
Ignacio Zaragoza Seguín (; March 24, 1829 – September 8, 1862) was a Mexican general and politician. He led the Mexican army that defeated invading French forces at the Battle of Puebla on May 5, 1862 .
WIFI (1460 AM) is a radio station broadcasting inspiration and gospel programming. Currently the radio station is broadcasting with a 5,000-watt signal and is located in Burlington, New Jersey. 
Helmut Friedrich Lachenmann (born 27 November 1935) is a German composer of contemporary classical music. His work has been associated with "instrumental musique concrète".
Lucius Aemilius Paullus Macedonicus (c. 229 BC – 160 BC) was a two-time consul of the Roman Republic and a noted general who conquered Macedon, putting an end to the Antigonid dynasty in the Third Macedonian War.
Masolino da Panicale (nickname of Tommaso di Cristoforo Fini; c. 1383 – c. 1447) was an Italian painter. His best known works are probably his collaborations with Masaccio: "Madonna with Child and St. Anne" (1424) and the frescoes in the Brancacci Chapel (1424–1428).
Zacharias Manuel de la Rocha (born January 12, 1970) is an American musician and activist. He is best known as the vocalist and lyricist of rock band Rage Against the Machine. With former Mars Volta drummer Jon Theodore, de la Rocha also co-founded One Day as a Lion in 2008.
Kamal Haasan (born Parthasarathy Srinivasan on 7 November 1954), is an Indian film actor, dancer, film director, screenwriter, producer, playback singer, lyricist and politician who works primarily in Tamil cinema. Kamal has won awards including four National Film Awards, the second-most by any Indian actor, and nineteen Filmfare Awards. His production company, Raaj Kamal Films International, has produced several of his films.
Olga Valentinovna Korbut (born 16 May 1955) is a Soviet Belarusian former gymnast. Nicknamed the "Sparrow from Minsk", she won four gold medals and two silver medals at the Summer Olympic Games, in which she competed in 1972 and 1976 for the Soviet team, and was the inaugural inductee to the International Gymnastics Hall of Fame in 1988.
CNBC is an American pay television business news channel that is owned by NBCUniversal Broadcast, Cable, Sports and News, a division of NBCUniversal, with both being ultimately owned by Comcast. Headquartered in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, the network primarily carries business day coverage of U.S. and international financial markets; following the end of the business day and on non-trading days, CNBC primarily carries financial and business-themed documentaries and reality shows.
Admiral of the Fleet Richard Howe, 1st Earl Howe, (8 March 1726 – 5 August 1799) was a British naval officer. After serving throughout the War of the Austrian Succession, he gained a reputation for his role in amphibious operations against the French coast as part of Britain's policy of naval descents during the Seven Years' War. 
The University of Strathclyde is a public research university located in Glasgow, Scotland. Founded in 1796 as the Andersonian Institute, it is Glasgow's second-oldest university, with the university receiving its royal charter in 1964 as the UK's first technological university. 
The Vienne  is one of the most important rivers in south-western France. It is a significant left tributary of the lower Loire. 
The absence of an effective central authority in the capital of Japan had lasted until the warlord Oda Nobunaga's armies entered Kyoto in 1568, re-establishing the Muromachi shogunate under the puppet "shōgun" Ashikaga Yoshiaki to begin the Azuchi–Momoyama period. Ashikaga Yoshihide, the fourteenth "shōgun", was deposed without ever entering the capital. His childhood name was Chitosemaru .
Mino da Fiesole (c. 1429 – July 11, 1484), also known as Mino di Giovanni, was an Italian sculptor from Poppi, Tuscany. He is noted for his portrait busts.
Quintus Naevius Cordus Sutorius Macro (21 BC – 38 AD) was a prefect of the Praetorian Guard, from 31 until 38, serving under the Roman Emperors Tiberius and Caligula. Upon falling out of favor, he committed suicide.
Attu  is the westernmost and largest island in the Near Islands group of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska, and the westernmost point of land relative to Alaska. The island became uninhabited in 2010.
CNBC Asia is a Southeast Asian pay television business channel in Asia. A subsidiary Of NBCUniversal, it is the Asian service of the CNBC . 
Biarritz  is a city on the Bay of Biscay, on the Atlantic coast in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the French Basque Country in southwestern France. It is located from the border with Spain. 
Henry Mintzberg, (born September 2, 1939) is a Canadian academic and author on business and management. He is currently the Cleghorn Professor of Management Studies at the Desautels Faculty of Management of McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, where he has been teaching since 1968.
The Deutsches Museum ) in Munich, Germany, is the world's largest museum of science and technology, with about 28,000 exhibited objects from 50 fields of science and technology. It receives about 1.5 million visitors per year. 
Eleanor of Provence (c. 1223 – 24/25 June 1291) was Queen consort of England, as the spouse of King Henry III of England, from 1236 until his death in 1272. She served as regent of England during the absence of her spouse in 1253.
Tikhon of Moscow , born Vasily Ivanovich Bellavin , was a bishop of the Russian Orthodox Church . On 5 November 1917  he was selected the 11th Patriarch of Moscow and All Russia, after a period of about 200 years of the Synodal rule in the ROC. 
Lyndon Hermyle LaRouche Jr. (September 8, 1922 – February 12, 2019) was an American political activist, convicted fraudster and founder of the LaRouche movement, whose main organization was the National Caucus of Labor Committees . He wrote on economic, scientific, and political topics, as well as on history, philosophy, and psychoanalysis. 
Alfredo Binda (11 August 1902 – 19 July 1986) was an Italian cyclist of the 1920s and 1930s. He was the first to win five editions of the Giro d'Italia, and a three-time world champion. In addition he won Milan–San Remo twice, and the Tour of Lombardy four times.
Elio Di Rupo (; born 18 July 1951) is a Belgian social-democratic politician who served as the 50th Prime Minister of Belgium from 6 December 2011 to 11 October 2014, and headed the Di Rupo Government. Di Rupo was the first francophone to hold the office since Paul Vanden Boeynants in 1979, and the country's first socialist Prime Minister since Edmond Leburton left office in 1974. 
Paul Burney Johnson Sr. (March 23, 1880December 26, 1943) was an American attorney, judge, and politician, serving as United States Representative from Mississippi, 1919–1923, and as Governor of Mississippi, 1940–1943.
John Henry Coates, FRS (born 26 January 1945) is a mathematician who was the Sadleirian Professor of Pure Mathematics at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom from 1986 to 2012.
Arnedo is the third largest town in La Rioja, Spain. It is located near Calahorra, and has a population of about 15,000 people.
Tenzing Norgay (; "tendzin norgyé"; 29 May 1914 – 9 May 1986), born Namgyal Wangdi and often referred to as Sherpa Tenzing, was a Nepali-Indian Sherpa mountaineer. He was one of the first two individuals known to reach the summit of Mount Everest, which he accomplished with Edmund Hillary on 29 May 1953. "
Conques  is a former commune in the Aveyron department in southern France, in the Occitanie region. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Conques-en-Rouergue.
Geraldine Anne "Gerry" Ferraro (August 26, 1935 March 26, 2011) was an American attorney and Democratic Party politician who served in the United States House of Representatives. In 1984, she was the first female vice presidential candidate representing a major American political party.
Aram Ilyich Khachaturian (; , tr. ; , "Aram Xačatryan"; ; 1 May 1978) was a Soviet Armenian composer and conductor. 
Henry Knox (July 25, 1750 – October 25, 1806) was a military officer of the Continental Army and later the United States Army, who also served as the first United States Secretary of War from 1789 to 1794.
Elisabeth Domitien (1925 – 26 April 2005) served as the prime minister of the Central African Republic from 1975 to 1976. She was the first and only woman to hold the position.
The Royal Flying Corps  was the air arm of the British Army before and during the First World War, until it merged with the Royal Naval Air Service on 1 April 1918 to form the Royal Air Force. During the early part of the war, the RFC supported the British Army by artillery co-operation and photographic reconnaissance. 
Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk (147325 August 1554) was a prominent English politician of the Tudor era. He was an uncle of two of the wives of King Henry VIII, namely Anne Boleyn and Catherine Howard, both of whom were beheaded, and played a major role in the machinations affecting these royal marriages. 
The Elephant and Castle is an area around a major road junction in Central London, England, in the London Borough of Southwark. Although the name also informally refers to the areas of Walworth and Newington, the proximity of the London Underground station of the same name has led to the area being more commonly known as "Elephant and Castle". 
Karmen Stavec (born 21 December 1973) is a Slovene musician and pop singer.
Blind Guardian is a German power metal band formed in 1984 in Krefeld, West Germany. They are often credited as one of the seminal and most influential bands in the power metal and speed metal subgenres. 
Nicoleta Alexandru (; born 5 November 1968), whose stage name is Nicola , is a Romanian singer. She is best known for representing Romania at the 2003 Eurovision Song Contest.
Brad M. Carlson (born June 12, 1950), better known by the stage name Bun E. Carlos, is the original drummer for American rock band Cheap Trick. He was the band's chief setlister and archivist, and maintained recordings of all the band's shows, some of which have been released under the title 'Bun E's Bootlegs'. 
Elizabeth Berkley (born July 28, 1972) is an American actress and reality show personality. Berkley's most notable roles were as Jessie Spano in the television series "Saved by the Bell", and as Nomi Malone in the 1995 Paul Verhoeven film "Showgirls".
Gaius Julius Solinus, Latin grammarian and compiler, probably flourished in the early 3rd century AD. Historical scholar Theodor Mommsen dates him to the middle of the 3rd century.
Anthony Jay Robbins (born Anthony J. Mahavoric; February 29, 1960) is an American author, philanthropist, and life coach. Robbins is known for his infomercials, seminars, and self-help books including "Unlimited Power" and "Awaken the Giant Within".
Carl Friedrich Georg Spitteler (24 April 1845 – 29 December 1924) was a Swiss poet who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1919 "in special appreciation of his epic, "Olympian Spring"". His work includes both pessimistic and heroic poems.
Carl Friedrich Christian Mohs (; 29 January 1773 – 29 September 1839) was a German geologist and mineralogist. He was the creator of the Mohs scale of mineral hardness. 
The Mill Creek is a stream in southwest Ohio. It flows southwest and south from its headwaters in West Chester of Butler County through central Hamilton County and the heart of Cincinnati into the Ohio River just west of downtown. The section of Interstate 75 through Cincinnati is known as the Mill Creek Expressway.
Amor De Cosmos (August 20, 1825 – July 4, 1897) was a Canadian journalist, publisher and politician. He served as the second Premier of British Columbia.
WKAQ-TV, virtual channel 2 (UHF digital channel 28), is a Telemundo owned-and-operated television station licensed to San Juan, Puerto Rico. The station is owned by the NBC Owned Television Stations subsidiary of NBCUniversal. 
Metropolitan State University  is a public university in the Minneapolis–St. Paul, Minnesota. It is a member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system.
Apolo Anton Ohno (; born May 22, 1982) is an American retired short track speed skating competitor and an eight-time medalist  in the Winter Olympics. Ohno is the most decorated American Olympian at the Winter Olympics. 
Sir George Houston Reid (25 February 1845 – 12 September 1918) was an Australian politician who led the Reid Government as the fourth Prime Minister of Australia from 1904 to 1905, having previously been Premier of New South Wales from 1894 to 1899. He led the Free Trade Party from 1891 to 1908.
Acacius (? – 26 November 489) was the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 472 to 489. 
The Kenosha Maroons were a National Football League football team in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Officially, the club only played in the league during the 1924 season, dissolving after posting no wins in five games.
Ludwig Forrer (9 February 1845 – 28 September 1921) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1902-1917).
Rudolf Minger (13 November 1881 – 23 August 1955) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1929–1940). He also was a farmer all his life.
Sally Margaret Field (born November 6, 1946) is an American actress and director. She is the recipient of various accolades, including two Academy Awards, three Primetime Emmy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, a Screen Actors Guild Award and has been nominated for a Tony Award and two BAFTA Awards.
Adrien Lachenal (19 May 1849, Geneva – 29 June 1918) was a Swiss politician and Jurist.
Xiahou Dun  (died 13 June 220), courtesy name Yuanrang, was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao during the late Eastern Han dynasty of China. He served for a few months under Cao Cao's successor, Cao Pi, before his death. As one of Cao Cao's most trusted generals, Xiahou Dun aided the warlord in his campaigns against Lü Bu, Liu Bei, Sun Quan and others.
Martin Josef Munzinger (11 November 1791 – 6 February 1855) was a Swiss politician.
The Grenadines are a chain of small islands that lie on a line between the larger islands of Saint Vincent and Grenada in the Lesser Antilles. Nine are inhabited, including the mainland Saint Vincent and the Grenadines islands: Young Island, Bequia, Mustique, Canouan, Union Island, Mayreau, Petit St Vincent, and Palm Island. 
The Great Australian Bight is a large oceanic bight, or open bay, off the central and western portions of the southern coastline of mainland Australia.
WKBD-TV, virtual channel 50 (UHF digital channel 34), is a CW owned-and-operated television station licensed to Detroit, Michigan, United States and also serving Windsor, Ontario, Canada. The station is owned by the CBS Television Stations subsidiary of CBS Corporation, as part of a duopoly with CBS owned-and-operated station WWJ-TV (channel 62). 
Saint Robert of Molesme (1028 – 17 April 1111) was an abbot, one of the founders of the Cistercian Order and is honored as a Christian saint.
Avenue Road is a major north-south street in Toronto, Ontario. The road is a continuation of University Avenue, linked to it via Queen's Park and Queen's Park Crescent East and West to form a single through route. 
Memphis University School  is a college-preparatory, independent, day school for boys, grades 7–12, located in Memphis, Tennessee.
Johannes Hendrikus Hubert "John" de Mol Jr. (born 24 April 1955) is a Dutch media tycoon and television producer. De Mol is one of the men behind production companies Endemol and Talpa and is worth about US$ 1.5 billion. He is known for being the creator of the original Dutch versions of "Big Brother" and" The Voice".
Lyle Reynolds Wheeler (February 2, 1905 – January 10, 1990) was an American motion picture art director. He received five Academy Awards — for "Gone with the Wind" (1939), "Anna and the King of Siam" (1946), "The Robe" (1953), "The King and I" (1956) and "The Diary of Anne Frank" (1959).
Bauta is a municipality and town located southwest of Havana City, in the Artemisa Province of Cuba since 2010 as a result of the divided of which was the Province of Havana .
The Mgwirizana Coalition is an electoral alliance in Malawi. 
Rockford University is a private university in Rockford, Illinois. It was founded in 1847 as Rockford Female Seminary and changed its name to Rockford College in 1892, and to Rockford University in 2013.
Starflyer 59 is an alternative rock band from Riverside, California that was founded in 1993 by Jason Martin, brother of Ronnie Martin of Joy Electric. While Jason Martin has written nearly all of Starflyer 59's songs, the band has included a number of different musicians over the years, including Jeff Cloud, Frank Lenz, and Richard Swift. 
Pittsburg is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States. It is an industrial suburb located on the southern shore of the Suisun Bay in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area, and is part of the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta area. The population was 63,264 at the 2010 United States Census.
Blue Lake  is a city in Humboldt County, California, United States. Blue Lake is located on the Mad River, northeast of Eureka, at an elevation of 131 feet (40 m). The population was 1,253 at the 2010 census, up from 1,135 in 2000.
Tehachapi is a city in Kern County, California, in the Tehachapi Mountains, at an elevation of between the San Joaquin Valley and the Mojave Desert.
Covina is a city in Los Angeles County, California, about east of downtown Los Angeles, in the San Gabriel Valley region. The population was 47,796 at the 2010 census, up from 46,837 at the 2000 census. 
La Puente is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. The city had a population of 39,816 at the 2010 census and is approximately 20 miles east of downtown Los Angeles.
Rancho Palos Verdes  is a city in Los Angeles County, California atop the Palos Verdes Hills and bluffs of the Palos Verdes Peninsula. A suburb of Los Angeles, it is known for expensive homes amidst large tracts of open space with expansive views of the Pacific Ocean. 
Walnut is a suburban city in the eastern part of Los Angeles County in California. "Money"s Best Places to Live ranked Walnut #70 in 2009 and #57 in 2011, the highest ranking for a California city in both years.
Gustine is a city in Merced County, California, United States. Gustine is located west of Merced, at an elevation of 98 feet (30 m). As of the 2010 United States Census, the city population was 5,520, up from 4,698 at the 2000 census.
Truckee is an incorporated town in Nevada County, California, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 16,180, reflecting an increase of 2,316 from the 13,864 counted in the 2000 Census. 
Newport Beach is a coastal city in Orange County, California, United States. Its population was 85,287 at the 2010 census. Newport Beach is home to Newport Harbor and Balboa Island.
Canyon Lake is a city and gated community on Canyon Lake reservoir, located in the Inland Empire, Riverside County, California, United States.
Thousand Palms is a census-designated place  in the Coachella Valley of Riverside County, California, United States. The population was 7,715 at the 2010 census, up from 5,120 at the 2000 census.
Ontario is a city located in southwestern San Bernardino County, California, east of downtown Los Angeles and west of downtown San Bernardino, the county seat. Located in the western part of the Inland Empire metropolitan area, it lies just east of Los Angeles County and is part of the Greater Los Angeles Area. As of the 2010 Census, the city had a population of 163,924, up from 158,007 at the 2000 census, making it the county's fourth most populous city after San Bernardino, Fontana, and Rancho Cucamonga.
Lemon Grove is a city in San Diego County, California, United States. The population was 25,320 at the 2010 census, up from 24,918 in 2000.
Morro Bay is a waterfront city in San Luis Obispo County, California located along California State Route 1 on California's Central Coast. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 10,234, down from 10,350 at the 2000 census.
San Bruno is a city in San Mateo County, California, United States, incorporated in 1914. The population was 41,114 at the 2010 United States Census. The city is located between South San Francisco and Millbrae, adjacent to San Francisco International Airport and Golden Gate National Cemetery, and is approximately south of downtown San Francisco.
Gilroy  is a city in Northern California's Santa Clara County, south of Morgan Hill and north of San Benito County. The city's population was 48,821 at the 2010 United States Census.
Tamara Mikhaylovna Smirnova (; 1935–2001) was a Soviet/Russian astronomer and a discoverer of minor planets and comets.
Charlotte Emma Moore Sitterly (September 24, 1898 – March 3, 1990) was an American astronomer. She is known for her extensive spectroscopic studies of the Sun and chemical elements. 
Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld (; 21 October 1921 – 30 March 2015) was a Dutch astronomer.
Michael Bibby (born May 13, 1978) is an American basketball coach and former player. He played professionally for 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association . He last served as the head coach for his alma mater, Shadow Mountain High School in Phoenix, Arizona.
Crathes Castle  is a 16th-century castle near Banchory in the Aberdeenshire region of Scotland. This harled castle was built by the Burnetts of Leys and was held in that family for almost 400 years. The castle and grounds are owned and managed by the National Trust for Scotland and are open to the public.
Dorothy Jacqueline Keely (March 9, 1928 – December 16, 2017), better known as Keely Smith, was an American jazz and popular music singer, who performed and recorded extensively in the 1950s with then-husband Louis Prima, and throughout the 1960s as a solo artist.
, one of the Yaeyama Islands, is the westernmost inhabited island of Japan, lying from the east coast of Taiwan, between the East China Sea and the Pacific Ocean proper. The island is administered as the town of Yonaguni, Yaeyama Gun, Okinawa and there are three settlements: Sonai, Kubura and Higawa.
WDKA, virtual and UHF digital channel 49, is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station licensed to Paducah, Kentucky, United States, serving Western Kentucky's Purchase region, Southern Illinois, and Southeastern Missouri. The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, as part of a duopoly with Cape Girardeau, Missouri-licensed Fox affiliate KBSI (channel 23). 
Sergei Petrovich Novikov   (born 20 March 1938) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician, noted for work in both algebraic topology and soliton theory. In 1970, he won the Fields Medal.
Robert II of Burgundy (1248 – 21 March 1306) was Duke of Burgundy between 1272 and 1306. Robert was the third son of duke Hugh IV and Yolande of Dreux. 
"For the General Motors automobile also marketed under the name "Eurosport", see Chevrolet Celebrity".
Zachariah T. Chandler (December 10, 1813November 1, 1879) was an American businessman, politician, one of the founders of the Republican Party, whose radical wing he dominated as a lifelong abolitionist. He was mayor of Detroit, a four-term senator from the state of Michigan, and Secretary of the Interior under President Ulysses S. Grant.
The Robinson Helicopter Company, based at Zamperini Field in Torrance, California, is a manufacturer of civil helicopters. Robinson produces three models – the two-seat R22, the four-seat R44, both of which use Lycoming piston engines, and the five-seat R66, which uses a turbine engine.
Mwami Mutaga III Senyamwiza Mutamo was the king of Burundi from 1739 to 1767. He died in Butare. He succeeded king Mwezi III Ndagushimiye.
Genneville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Grainville-Langannerie is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Vila Velha  is a coastal city in Espírito Santo, Brazil. It lies across from Vitória, the state capital. Its population was 486,208 (2018) and its area is 208.82 km².
Erigavo , also spelled as Erigabo, is the capital and largest city of the Northeastern Sanaag region of Somalia.
Nicolas Gombert (c. 1495 – c. 1560) was a Franco-Flemish composer of the Renaissance. He was one of the most famous and influential composers between Josquin des Prez and Palestrina, and best represents the fully developed, complex polyphonic style of this period in music history.
The Severn River , a perennial river that forms part of the Border Rivers group, is part of the Macintyre catchment of the Murray-Darling basin, located in the Northern Tablelands and North West Slopes regions of New South Wales, Australia.
Wayne Clayson Booth (February 22, 1921 in American Fork, Utah, – October 10, 2005 in Chicago, Illinois) was an American literary critic. He was the George M. Pullman Distinguished Service Professor Emeritus in English Language & Literature and the College at the University of Chicago. 
Jean du Vergier de Hauranne, the Abbé  of Saint-Cyran, (1581 – 6 October 1643) was a French Catholic priest who introduced Jansenism into France.
Forest Steven Whitaker III (born July 15, 1961) is an American actor, producer, and director who has earned a reputation for intensive character study work for films such as "Bird", "The Crying Game", "Platoon", "", "The Great Debaters", "The Butler", and "Arrival".
Barry Island  is a district, peninsula and seaside resort, forming part of the town of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan, South Wales. It is named after the 6th century Saint Baruc. 
Newport  is a town, parish, community, electoral ward and ancient port of "Parrog", on the Pembrokeshire coast in West Wales at the mouth of the River Nevern  in the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park.
Mark Lewis "Roman" Polansky (born June 2, 1956 in Paterson, New Jersey) is an American aerospace engineer and research pilot and a former NASA astronaut. Polansky received the nickname "Roman" as a joke, because he shares a last name with director Roman Polanski. He flew on three Space Shuttle missions: STS-98, STS-116, and STS-127.
The Lehigh River, a tributary of the Delaware River, is a river located in eastern Pennsylvania, in the United States. Part of the Lehigh, along with a number of its tributaries, is designated a Pennsylvania Scenic River by the state's Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. "Lehigh" is an Anglicization of the Lenape name for the river, "Lechewuekink", meaning "where there are forks".
The Pittsburgh Maulers were a team that competed in the 1984 season of the United States Football League. Their most prominent player was first pick overall in the 1984 USFL draft, running back Mike Rozier of Nebraska, who won the Heisman Trophy, collegiate football's most prestigious individual award.
Dargoire is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
General Lord Robert Edward Henry Somerset (19 December 17761 September 1842) was a British soldier who fought during the Peninsular War and the War of the Seventh Coalition.
Tonypandy is a town and community located in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, within the historic county boundaries of Glamorgan, Wales, lying in the Rhondda Fawr Valley. A former industrial coal mining town, today Tonypandy is best known as the site of the 1910 Tonypandy riots.
The Jacksonville Bulls were a professional American football team based in Jacksonville, Florida. They were members of the United States Football League  during its final two seasons, 1984 and 1985. They played their home games in the Gator Bowl Stadium in Jacksonville.
Waiuku is a country town in the Auckland Region in the North Island of New Zealand. It is located at the southern end of the Waiuku River, which is an estuarial arm of the Manukau Harbour, and lies on the isthmus of the Awhitu Peninsula, which extends to the northeast. 
Corus Entertainment is a Canadian mass media and broadcasting company. Formed in 1999 as a spin-off from Shaw Communications, it is headquartered at Corus Quay in Toronto, Ontario, and has prominent holdings in the radio, publishing, and television industries. 
Ian David McShane (born 29 September 1942) is a British actor. He is known for his television performances, particularly the title role in the BBC series "Lovejoy" (1986–1994) and as Al Swearengen on the HBO series "Deadwood" (2004–2006) and its , the original series garnering him the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series Drama and a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series nomination. 
The Pyramid  is a small island south of Pitt Island in the Chatham Islands group of New Zealand. The site has been identified as an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International because it supports the only known breeding colony of Chatham albatrosses, with 4575 pairs recorded in 2001.
Ram Roy Bhaskar (1944–2014) was an English philosopher best known as the initiator of the philosophical movement of critical realism . He was a World Scholar at the Institute of Education, University College London.
Nicholls State University is a public university in Thibodaux, Louisiana. Founded in 1948, Nicholls is part of the University of Louisiana System of universities. 
Philippe de La Hire  (18 March 1640 – 21 April 1718) was a French painter, mathematician, astronomer, and architect. According to Bernard le Bovier de Fontenelle he was an "academy unto himself".
Reading Town Football Club were a semi-professional English football club in the Hellenic League Division One East, based in Reading, Berkshire. The club is affiliated to the Berks & Bucks Football Association
Langrune-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
The Burlesque Hall of Fame is the name of the burlesque museum located on South Main Street in Downtown Las Vegas. Formerly known as Exotic World, the museum historically was located on the site of an abandoned goat farm in Helendale, California. 
John Henry Mackay (6 February 1864 Greenock, Scotland – 16 May 1933 Stahnsdorf, Germany) was an egoist anarchist, thinker and writer. Born in Scotland and raised in Germany, Mackay was the author of "Die Anarchisten" (The Anarchists, 1891) and "Der Freiheitsucher" (The Searcher for Freedom, 1921). 
Shamian  is a sandbank island in the Liwan District of Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China. The island's name literally means "sandy surface" in Chinese.
Wojciech Korfanty (; born Adalbert Korfanty, 20 April 1873 – 17 August 1939) was a Polish activist, journalist and politician, who served as a member of the German parliaments, the Reichstag and the Prussian Landtag, and later, in the Polish "Sejm". Briefly, he also was a paramilitary leader, known for organizing the Polish Silesian Uprisings in Upper Silesia, which after World War I was contested by Germany and Poland. 
Wallingford Town Football Club are a football club based in Wallingford, Oxfordshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Hithercroft.
The Rustamid dynasty  was a ruling house of Ibāḍī imāms of Persian descent centered in Algeria. The dynasty governed as a Muslim theocracy for a century and a half from its capital Tiaret  until the Ismaili Fatimid Caliphate destroyed it. 
Riva was a pop rock band from Zadar, Croatia, then Yugoslavia, in the late 1980s.
The Stonycreek River  is a tributary of the Conemaugh River, approximately 45 mi (72 km) long, in southwestern Pennsylvania in the United States.
Arthur Edward Pepper Jr. (September 1, 1925 – June 15, 1982) was an American alto saxophonist and very occasional tenor saxophonist and clarinetist. A longtime figure in West Coast jazz, Pepper came to prominence in Stan Kenton's big band. 
The Hammadid dynasty was a Sanhaja Berber dynasty that ruled an area roughly corresponding to north-eastern modern Algeria between 1008 and 1152. Its realm was conquered by the Almohad Caliphate. 
Katherine Thomas (born 6 June 1966), best known by her stage name The Great Kat, is an English musician best known for her thrash metal interpretations of well-known pieces of classical music. Most feature her using the electric guitar, but on some she uses the violin. 
Georges Guynemer (, 24 December 1894 – 11 September 1917 missing) was a top fighter ace for France with 54 victories during World War I, and a French national hero at the time of his death. 
Dalby is a town and locality in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia. Dalby is within and is the administrative centre of the Western Downs Region. At the 2016 census, Dalby had a population of 12,719.
Irving Stone (born Tennenbaum, July 14, 1903, San Francisco, California – August 26, 1989, Los Angeles) was an American writer, chiefly known for his biographical novels of noted artists, politicians and intellectuals; among the best known are "Lust for Life" (1934), about the life of Vincent van Gogh, and "The Agony and the Ecstasy" (1961), about Michelangelo.
The Chamber of Deputies  is the lower chamber of the Congress which, along with the Senate, composes the legislature of the Dominican Republic.
Delhaize Le Lion / De Leeuw  was a food retailer headquartered in Molenbeek-Saint-Jean, Brussels, Belgium, and operating in seven countries and on three continents. The principal activity of Delhaize Group is the operation of food supermarkets. On 24 June 2015, Delhaize reached an agreement with Ahold to merge and form a new parent company headquartered in the Netherlands: Ahold Delhaize.
Lison is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Lydia Selina Dunn, Baroness Dunn, JP (; born 29 February 1940) is a Hong Kong-born retired British businesswoman and politician. She became the first ethnic Chinese and the first woman from Hong Kong to be elevated to the peerage as a life peeress with the title and style of Baroness in 1990.
Nhill is a town in the Wimmera, in western Victoria, Australia. Nhill is located on the Western Highway, halfway between Adelaide and Melbourne. At the , Nhill had a
Pietro Maria Bardi (La Spezia, February 21, 1900 – São Paulo, October 10, 1999) was an Italian writer, curator and collector, mostly known for being the Founding Director of the São Paulo Museum of Art in Brazil.
Charles Theodore (; 11 December 1724 – 16 February 1799) reigned as Prince-elector and Count Palatine from 1742, as Duke of Jülich and Berg from 1742 and also as prince-elector and Duke of Bavaria from 1777 to his death. He was a member of the House of Palatinate-Sulzbach, a branch of the House of Wittelsbach.
Riverside City College  is a public community college in Riverside, California. The college is part of the Riverside Community College District, as well as the larger California Community Colleges System.
Peachtree Street is one of several major streets running through the city of Atlanta. Beginning at Five Points in downtown Atlanta, it runs North through Midtown; a few blocks after entering into Buckhead, the name changes to Peachtree Road at Palisades Road. 
David Michael Bautista Jr. (born January 18, 1969) is an American actor, retired professional wrestler, former mixed martial artist and bodybuilder.
North Harrow is a suburban area of North West London, situated north-west of central Harrow within the London Borough of Harrow. Its residential roads have expanded from North Harrow tube station, a station on the Metropolitan line of the London Underground which is one stop away from Harrow-on-the-Hill station in Harrow town centre. 
Greymouth   is the largest town in the West Coast region in the South Island of New Zealand, and the seat of the Grey District Council. The population of the whole Grey District is , which accounts for % of the West Coast's inhabitants. 
Telefunken was a German radio and television apparatus company, founded in Berlin in 1903, as a joint venture of Siemens & Halske and the Allgemeine Elektricitäts-Gesellschaft  .
Heidesheim am Rhein is an "Ortsgemeinde" – a municipality belonging to a "Verbandsgemeinde", a kind of collective municipality – in the Mainz-Bingen district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is the administrative seat of the "Verbandsgemeinde" of Heidesheim am Rhein, which also includes the "Ortsgemeinde" of Wackernheim. 
Belle Isle  is an uninhabited island just off the coast of Labrador and north of Newfoundland at the Atlantic entrance to the Strait of Belle Isle which takes its name. Named by French explorer Jacques Cartier, the island lies on the shortest shipping lane between the Great Lakes and Europe, and also on the main north–south shipping route to Hudson Bay and the Northwest Territories. The northern terminus of the International Appalachian Trail is located on Belle Isle.
Ensenada  is a coastal city in Mexico, the third-largest in Baja California. Lying south of San Diego on the Baja California Peninsula, it is locally referred to as "La Cenicienta del Pacífico", "The Cinderella of the Pacific.".
Jonathan King (born Kenneth George King, 6 December 1944) is an English singer-songwriter, record producer, music entrepreneur, and former television and radio presenter.
Charles IV (5 April 1604, Nancy – 18 September 1675, Allenbach) was Duke of Lorraine from 1624 until his death in 1675, with a brief interruption in 1634, when he abdicated under French pressure in favor of his younger brother, Nicholas Francis.
Anthony, Duke of Brabant, also known as Antoine de Brabant, Antoine de Bourgogne and Anthony of Burgundy (August 1384 – 25 October 1415, at the battle of Agincourt), was Count of Rethel (1402–1406), Duke of Brabant, Lothier and Limburg (1406–1415), and Co-Duke of Luxemburg (1411-1415). 
LG Electronics Inc.  is a South Korean multinational electronics company headquartered in Yeouido-dong, Seoul, South Korea.
Francis Joseph Aloysius "Frank" Selke (; May 7, 1893 – July 3, 1985) was a Canadian professional ice hockey executive in the National Hockey League. He was a nine-time Stanley Cup champion with the Toronto Maple Leafs and Montreal Canadiens and a Hockey Hall of Fame inductee.
Carl  Tausig (4 November 184117 July 1871) was a Polish virtuoso pianist, arranger and composer. He is generally accepted as Franz Liszt's most esteemed pupil, and one of the greatest pianists of all time.
Manvieux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Blair Atholl  is a village in Perthshire, Scotland, built about the confluence of the Rivers Tilt and Garry in one of the few areas of flat land in the midst of the Grampian Mountains. The Gaelic place-name Blair, from "blàr", 'field, plain', refers to this location. 
The San Lorenzo River is a long river whose headwaters originate in Castle Rock State Park in the Santa Cruz Mountains and flow south by southeast through the San Lorenzo Valley before passing through Santa Cruz and emptying into Monterey Bay and the Pacific Ocean.
Tianjin University  is the first modern higher education institution in China, and now a national university under the direct administration of the Ministry of Education of China. It is a Chinese Ministry of Education Class A Double First Class University.
Meslay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Aktobe International Airport  is an airport in Kazakhstan located south-west of Aktobe. It has a small terminal with five airliner parking spots. 
Bakhyt Abdirakhmanuly Sarsekbayev (; born 29 November 1981) is a Kazakhastani amateur boxer who won gold at the 2008 Summer Olympics at Welterweight, and won gold medal at the 2006 Asian Games at Welterweight, and won bronze at the 2002 Asian Games at Light Welterweight.
Zonalnoye Airport  is an airport in Sakhalin Oblast, Russia, southeast of Tymovskoye. It accommodates small airliners. 
Kinel  is a town in Samara Oblast, Russia, located on the Bolshoy Kinel River near its confluence with the Samara River, east of Samara. Population: 
Le Bourdeix is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
Savignac-de-Nontron is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The Chockalog River is a river in the U.S. states of Massachusetts and Rhode Island. It flows approximately 4 km (2 mi). 
The River Unk is a small river in Shropshire, England that runs for before flowing into the River Clun.
John Alfred Pickler (January 24, 1844 - June 13, 1910) was an American politician. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Pablo Canavosio (born 26 December 1981 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Italian Argentine rugby union footballer. Canavosio played for Rovigo, Calvisano, Castres Olympique and Aironi. His usual position is at scrum half or wing.
Virgin Limited Edition, part of Sir Richard Branson’s Virgin Group of business ventures, is a collection of holiday retreats around the world.
Daura is a town and Local Government Area in Katsina State, northern Nigeria. It is the spiritual home of the Hausa people.
Nelson Island is an island in the Sunshine Coast region of the South Coast region of British Columbia. It is surrounded by Hotham Sound, Agamemnon Channel, and Malaspina Strait. The closest communities are Pender Harbour, British Columbia and Egmont, both on the Sechelt Peninsula.
KYSE is a Regional Mexican radio station at 94.7 FM in El Paso, Texas, airing the "La Tricolor " format from its owner, Entravision Communications. The station has been an Alternative Rock station KHRO (Hero 94.7) and Country stations KATM and KSET. 
Amiri Baraka (born Everett LeRoi Jones; October 7, 1934 – January 9, 2014), previously known as LeRoi Jones and Imamu Amear Baraka, was an American writer of poetry, drama, fiction, essays and music criticism. He was the author of numerous books of poetry and taught at several universities, including the State University of New York at Buffalo and the State University of New York at Stony Brook. 
KMXS is a commercial hot adult contemporary music radio station in Anchorage, Alaska, broadcasting on 103.1 FM. Owned by Alpha Media LLC, its studios are located in Anchorage , and its transmitter is in the North Star neighborhood.
The Squannacook River is a river in northern Massachusetts. It is a tributary of the Nashua River and part of the Merrimack River watershed flowing to the Atlantic Ocean.
KBYR (700 AM) is an American commercial radio station programming talk in Anchorage, Alaska. 700 AM is a North American clear-channel frequency. 
Bald Eagle Creek is a tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River mostly in Centre County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Langdon Hills is a township located in the Basildon district of Essex, England. It is contiguous with the Basildon continuous urban area.
Apostolos Nikolaidis  (30 June 1938 – 22 April 1999) was a Greek singer whose career spanned four decades. He was born in Drama, Greece and grew up in Thessaloniki. 
The Great Ruaha River is a river in south-central Tanzania that flows through the Usangu wetlands and the Ruaha National Park east into the Rufiji River. Its basin catchment area is . 
Srbijagas  is the state-owned natural gas provider in Serbia with headquarters in Novi Sad.
Inspirational Country Radio, KVVO-LP (94.1 FM), is a Christian Country music radio station located in Abilene, Texas. Inspirational Country Radio is an outreach ministry of and owned by licensee Life Church Abilene, an Assembly of God congregation. 
Mette Jacobsen (born 24 March 1973 in Nakskov) is a former freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Denmark who competed in five consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1988. She won a total of 32 individual medals in international championships in a period from 1989 to 2005.
DYAB Radyo Patrol 1512 Cebu (1512 kHz Cebu) is an AM station of ABS-CBN Corporation in the Philippines. The station's studio is located at the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Complex, North Road, Jagobiao, Mandaue City, while the transmitter is located at Cogon Pardo, Cebu City.
KOTZ is a non-commercial radio station in Kotzebue, Alaska, broadcasting on 720 AM.
Maurice Auguste Count Lippens (21 August 1875 – 12 July 1956) was a noble Belgian businessman, politician, and colonial civil servant and lawyer.
John Ortiz (born May 23, 1968) is an American actor and artistic director/co-founder of the LAByrinth Theater Company. He is known for his antagonist role as Arturo Braga in "Fast & Furious" (2009) and "Fast & Furious 6" (2013), and Clyde in "Jack Goes Boating" (2010), which earned him a nomination for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Tongchuan  is a prefecture-level city located in central Shaanxi province, People's Republic of China on the southern fringe of the Loess Plateau that defines the northern half of the province  and the northern reaches of the Guanzhong Plain.
Malamir  was the ruler of Bulgaria 831–836.
WIXY (100.3 MHz FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Champaign, Illinois, United States, the station serves the Champaign-Urbana area. The station is currently owned by Saga Communications of Illinois, LLC and features programming from CNN Radio and Motor Racing Network.
The Church of Our Lady  in Bruges, Belgium, dates mainly from the 13th, 14th and 15th centuries.
The River Sunar  is a rain-fed river in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
River Carron  is a west coast river in Wester Ross, in the Highlands of Scotland. The river rises in Ledgowan Forest. It gathers its head-streams through Carron Bog, then enters Loch Scaven and flows out from there, passing Loch Dùghaill and eventually reaching Loch Carron.
Liederschiedt  is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.
Antonio Casas (11 November 1911 in A Coruña, Galicia, Spain – 14 February 1982 in Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish footballer turned film actor who appeared in film between 1941 and his death in 1982.
Leo Spitzer (; 7 February 1887 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary – 16 September 1960 in Forte dei Marmi, Italy) was an Austrian Romanist and Hispanist, and an influential and prolific literary critic. He was known for his emphasis on stylistics.
Crozon  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France. As well as the town of Crozon, the village of Morgat is part of the commune.
The North Pine River is a minor river located in South East Queensland, Australia.
Antonio Molino Rojo (14 September 1926, in Venta de Baños, Province of Palencia – 2 November 2011, in Barcelona) was a Spanish film actor who appeared primarily in Spaghetti westerns in the 1960s and 1970s.
Svetlana Vladimirovna Zakharova , (born 15 September 1970 in Chuvashia) is a Russian long-distance runner, who specializes in marathon races. She won several international marathons, such as: the Honolulu Marathon (1997, 2002 and 2009), the Chicago Marathon (2003) and the Boston Marathon (2003). 
KHYI (95.3 FM) is a radio station with an alternative country music format, focusing on Texas music. The station's city of license is Howe, Texas; it serves the areas between the Metroplex and the Sherman/Denison area, making it a rimshot station. 
City of Hope is a private, not-for-profit clinical research center, hospital and graduate medical school located in Duarte, California, United States. The center's main campus resides on 110 acre of land adjacent to the boundaries of Duarte and Irwindale, with a network of clinical practice locations throughout Southern California, satellite offices in Monrovia and Irwindale, and regional fundraising offices throughout the United States.
North Tawton is a small town in Devon, England, situated on the river Taw. It is administered by West Devon Council. 
Wolfgang M. Schmidt (born 3 October 1933, Vienna, Austria) is a mathematician working in the area of number theory. He studied mathematics at the University of Vienna, where he received his PhD, which was supervised by Edmund Hlawka, in 1955. Wolfgang Schmidt is professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder and a member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences and the Polish Academy of Sciences.
"For the town in Germany, see Habichtswald, Hesse."
The Solvay Process Company (1880–1985) was a pioneer chemical industry of the United States in the manufacture of soda ash and a major employer in Central New York. The company was the origin of the village of Solvay.
Archduke Anton of Austria (Anton Maria Franz Leopold Blanka Karl Joseph Ignaz Raphael Michael Margareta Nicetas von Habsburg-Lorraine; Vienna, 20 March 1901 – Salzburg, 22 October 1987) was an Archduke of Austria and Prince of Tuscany. He was the seventh of ten children born to Archduke Leopold Salvator of Austria, Prince of Tuscany, and Infanta Blanca of Spain, daughter of Carlos, Duke of Madrid.
Albin Ekdal (; born 28 July 1989) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A side Sampdoria.
The Lerderderg River  is a perennial river of the Port Phillip catchment, located in the Western District region of the Australian state of Victoria.
Wolf is a Swedish heavy metal band from Örebro. Formed in 1995, the band has since released seven studio albums and toured with Saxon, Evile, Tankard and more recently, Trivium.
Lucy Lippard (born April 14, 1937) is an American writer, art critic, activist and curator. Lippard was among the first writers to argue for the "dematerialization" at work in conceptual art and was an early champion of feminist art. 
Márcio Miranda Freitas Rocha da Silva or simply Marcinho (born March 20, 1981 in Campinas) is a Brazilian footballer, who plays for Amparo.
The Stikine Ranges are a group of mountain ranges and mountainous plateaus in northwestern British Columbia, Canada. They are the northernmost subdivision of the Cassiar Mountains and among the least explored and most undeveloped parts of the province.
Richard 'Ric' Sanders (born 8 December 1952) is an English violinist who has played in jazz-rock, folk rock, British folk rock and folk groups, including Soft Machine and Fairport Convention.
KQHN (97.3 FM, "Q97-3") is a hot adult contemporary radio station licensed to Waskom, Texas, and serves the greater Shreveport, Louisiana area.
The Tiasquam River is a stream on the southwest of Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts.
KCMX-FM (101.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary music format. Licensed to Ashland, Oregon, United States, the station serves the Medford-Ashland area. 
KRCC (91.5 MHz) is a public radio station in Colorado Springs, Colorado. It is owned by The Colorado College. 
Central Alberta is a region located in the Canadian province of Alberta. 
Northern Alberta is a region located in the Canadian province of Alberta. 
Michigan State University Press "is the scholarly publishing arm of Michigan State University." Scholarly publishing at the university significantly predates the establishment of its press in 1947. 
Fernvale is a town and locality in the Someret Region, South East Queensland, Australia. At the 2016 Australian Census Fernvale had an estimated population of 3,209. 
Akaa  is a town and a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. It was created on January 1, 2007 when the town of Toijala and the municipality of Viiala were united into a single town. The municipality of Kylmäkoski was consolidated with Akaa on 1 January 2011.
KJOZ (880 AM, 92.5 FM; "La Calle 92.5 FM") is an AM radio station, paired with an FM relay translator. Licensed to Conroe, Texas, KJOZ primarily serves the northern Houston, Texas metropolitan area. 
Heinrich Wild (Mitlödi, Canton of Glarus, November 15, 1877 – Baden, Switzerland, December 26, 1951) was a Swiss inventor, designer and founder of Wild Heerbrugg.
Heiko Westermann (born 14 August 1983) is a former German footballer who played as a central defender.
Founded in 1969, Toulouse Institute of Technology  is a French university cluster based in Toulouse, France, part of University of Toulouse.
Justice Markandey Katju is the former Chairman, Press Council of India. Prior to his appointment as Chairman, Press Council of India, he served as a Permanent judge at the Supreme Court of India.; 
Rini Coolen (born 10 February 1967) is a Dutch retired football defender and manager. He was last interim head coach of Norwegian Eliteserien team Rosenborg.
Ahmet Kutsi Tecer (4 September 1901 – 23 July 1967) was a Turkish poet and politician.
Platform for Transparency was a loose unofficial grouping within the European Parliament, established in 2005, for three MEPs who are not affiliated to an official European political party.
Marthe Keller (born 28 January 1945) is a Swiss actress and opera director. She is perhaps best known for her role in the film "Marathon Man" (1976), which earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination.
KUNA-FM is a commercial regional Mexican music radio station in La Quinta, California, broadcasting to the Palm Springs, California, area on 96.7 FM.
Mid-Annandale Football Club, nicknamed "The Mids", are a football club from the town of Lockerbie in the Dumfries and Galloway area of Scotland. They play in the South of Scotland Football League.
Sir David Forbes Hendry, FBA CStat (born 6 March 1944) is a British econometrician, currently a professor of economics and from 2001–2007 was head of the Economics Department at the University of Oxford. He is also a professorial fellow at Nuffield College, Oxford.
The Plenty River is a perennial river of the Port Phillip catchment, located in the south-eastern Greater Melbourne region of the Australian state of Victoria.
Alfred Henschke (4 November 1890 – 14 August 1928), better known by his pseudonym Klabund, was a German writer.
PFC Pirin Blagoevgrad was a Bulgarian professional football club based in Blagoevgrad.
Bras-Panon is a commune in the department and region of Réunion. It borders the communes of Saint-André, Saint-Benoît and Salazie; as well as the Mât river, the Rivière des Roches and the Indian Ocean.
Saint-Gondon is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Lady Grey is a rural village in the North-Eastern Cape in South Africa near the border with Lesotho. It is situated in the foothills of the Witteberg mountains, 54 km due east of Aliwal North on the R58 road and 260 km from the capital of the Free State Province, Bloemfontein.
The Crust Brothers were a band formed by Stephen Malkmus and members of Silkworm . They released one album, "Marquee Mark", a live recording of their December 5, 1997, show at the Crocodile Cafe in Seattle, Washington. 
Murashi  is a town and the administrative center of Murashinsky District in Kirov Oblast, Russia, located northwest of Kirov, the administrative center of the oblast, on the Kirov–Syktyvkar highway. Population: 
Revin  is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region in northern France.
Cane Creek Mountains is a small mountain range that lies south of Burlington, North Carolina. The range covers an area including Alamance County, Guilford County, Randolph County, and Chatham County in North Carolina.
Reigate Priory Football Club is a football club based in Reigate, Surrey, England. They are currently members of the and play at Park Lane.
Baltimore Museum of Industry is a museum in Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Located in an old cannery, the museum has exhibits on various types of manufacturing and industry from the early 20th century. 
Peter F. Wolf (born August 26, 1952) is a composer, producer, songwriter and arranger. In 2002, he was awarded the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art, 1st class . 
The Chinese Taipei national under-23 football team  is the national football team that represents Taiwan  in the Olympic Games.
"Don" Camillo Filippo Ludovico Borghese, Prince of Sulmona and of Rossano, Duke and Prince of Guastalla (19 July 1775 – 9 May 1832) was a member of the Borghese family, best known for being a brother-in-law of Napoleon.
Ludwig Renn (22 April 1889 in Dresden – 21 July 1979 in Berlin) was a German author. Born a Saxon nobleman, he later became a committed communist and lived in East Berlin.
Rikissa Birgersdotter, also known as "Rixa", "Richeza", "Richilda" and "Regitze", ( 1237 – after 1288), was Queen of Norway as the wife of the co-king Haakon Haakonson, and then Princess of Werle as wife of Henry I.
Gustaf John Ramstedt (October 22, 1873 – November 25, 1950) was a Finnish diplomat and linguist.
Kemi-Tornio Airport  is an airport in Kemi, Finland. The airport is located near the district of Lautiosaari, east of the Kemijoki , north of Kemi city centre and east of Tornio city centre. The airport is owned and operated by Finavia.
Wang Dongxing (; 9 January 1916 – 21 August 2015) was a Chinese military commander and politician, famous for being the chief of Mao Zedong's personal bodyguard force, the 9th Bureau of the Ministry of Public Security (which included the "8341 Special Regiment"). Wang held many important positions, both in the Party and the government; he was Deputy Minister of Public Security in 1955–1958 and again in 1960–1970 and notably served as Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China from 1977 to 1980, under Hua Guofeng.
Le Bec-Hellouin is a commune in the department of Eure in the Normandy region in northern France.
Picola is a town in northern Victoria, Australia. The town is located in the Shire of Moira local government area, from the state capital, Melbourne. At the , Picola had a population of 334.
Katherine "Katty" Kay (born 14 November 1964) is a British journalist, author and broadcaster. She presents BBC World News America and, with Christian Fraser, hosts "Beyond 100 Days" on BBC Four, BBC News and BBC World News. 
Levier is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Labergement-du-Navois was merged into Levier.
Weymouth Fore River is a small bay or estuary in eastern Massachusetts and is part of the Massachusetts Bay watershed.
David Kenneth Harbour (born April 10, 1975) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Jim Hopper in the Netflix science fiction horror series "Stranger Things" (2016–present), which has earned him a Critics' Choice Television Award in 2018. He has also received Primetime Emmy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for the role.
Quincy-Voisins is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Arsen Avetisyan (, born 8 October 1973 in Yerevan) is a retired Armenian footballer who played as a forward.
Marnac is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
KISL (88.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Avalon, California, United States, the station serves the Avalon area. The station is owned by Catalina Island Performing Arts Foundation.
Ryan C. Gordon  is a computer programmer and former Loki Software employee who is now responsible for "icculus.org", which hosts many Loki Software projects as well as several new projects created by himself and others. Gordon's site hosts projects with the as "Duke Nukem 3D", "Shadow Warrior", "Quake III Arena" and many other free and open source projects for multiple platforms.
Cussac is a commune in the Cantal department in the Auvergne region in south-central France.
Pocantico Hills is a hamlet in the Westchester County town of Mount Pleasant, New York, northeast of the village of Sleepy Hollow and southwest of the village of Pleasantville, in the United States. The area was originally settled by Native Americans of the Wecquaesgeek tribes; "Pocantico" means "running between two hills", and the name is a reference to the meandering Pocantico River. 
Sixteen was a Polish band, which was founded in 1997 and disbanded in 2004. Renata Dąbkowska is its lead singer, and it represented Poland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998.
Karkwa is an indie rock band from Montreal, Quebec, Canada, formed in 1998.
Brigitte Kraus (born 12 August 1956 in Bensberg) is a retired West German middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 and 3000 metres.
WMXT, known as "102.1 The Fox", is a classic hits music-formatted radio station in the Florence, South Carolina, United States, market.
Perdido Bay is a bay at the mouth of and draining the Perdido River, a designated Outstanding Florida Waters river, in Baldwin County, Alabama and Escambia County, Florida, United States. It is essentially a coastal lagoon enclosed by barrier islands, with an inlet, Perdido Pass.
Kabankalan City Domestic Airport  is a proposed airport designed to serve the general area of Kabankalan, located in the province of Negros Occidental in the Philippines. The airport would be the second airport in Negros Occidental, after the Bacolod-Silay International Airport, and the third airport on the island of Negros. 
Monterrubio de la Serena is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2014 census, the municipality has a population of 2537 inhabitants.
WCMG (94.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an urban adult contemporary format. Licensed to Latta, South Carolina, United States, the station is owned by Cumulus Media.
Alvah Crocker (October 14, 1801 – December 26, 1874) was an American manufacturer and railroad promoter. He served in the Massachusetts General Court and was U.S. Representative from Massachusetts.
, also known as TVI, is a Japanese broadcast network affiliated with the NNN. Their headquarters are located in Morioka, Iwate Prefecture.
Wolverhampton  is a city and metropolitan borough in the West Midlands, England. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 249,470. The demonym for people from the city is 'Wulfrunian.'
Daniel Larned Davis Granger (May 30, 1852 – February 14, 1909) was a U.S. Representative from Rhode Island and mayor of Providence, Rhode Island.
James Hardin Peterson (February 11, 1894 – March 28, 1978) was a U.S. Representative from Florida.
Francia Raisa Almendarez (born July 26, 1988) is an American actress. Raisa is known for her roles in "", "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" and "Grown-ish".
Yongin Citizen Football Club was a South Korean football club based in the city of Yongin. It was a member of the K3 League, an amateur league and the fourth tier of league football in South Korea, but withdrew from the league in 2010 due to financial difficulties.
Troy Evans (born February 16, 1948) is an American actor who is perhaps best known for his role as Desk Clerk Francis "Frank" Martin in the television drama series "ER." He has also appeared in the movies "Tiger Cruise" , "", "Under Siege", "Teen Wolf", "Kuffs", "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", "Black Dahlia", "Demolition Man", "The Frighteners", and "View From the Top" among others. 
Forte Group plc was a British hotel and restaurant company. It was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index until it was acquired by Granada plc. Its head office was in the London Borough of Camden.
Adriana Asti (born 30 April 1931) is an Italian theatre, film, and voice actress.
Clemmons Educational State Forest  is a North Carolina State Forest in Clayton. It is North Carolina's first educational state forest, and it is operated by the North Carolina Forest Service. 
Sebastian Harrison White (December 24, 1864 – December 21, 1945) was a U.S. Representative from Colorado and a Justice of the Colorado Supreme Court.
Ethnikos Asteras F.C. , the "National Star", is a professional football club based in Kaisariani, Athens, Greece. 
Adoniram Judson Holmes (March 2, 1842 – January 21, 1902) a Republican, was the first U.S. Representative from Iowa's 10th congressional district.
Theodore Weld Burdick (October 7, 1836 – July 16, 1898) was a one-term Republican U.S. Representative from Iowa's 3rd congressional district.
Alexander Merrill Hardy (December 16, 1847 – August 31, 1927) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana.
Earl Lee Hogan (March 13, 1920 – June 3, 2007) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana. He was born and died in Hope, Indiana.
Robert Walter Miers (January 27, 1848 – February 20, 1930) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana.
Amasa Junius Parker (June 2, 1807May 13, 1890) was an attorney, politician and judge from New York. He is most notable for his service as a member of the New York State Assembly (1834), a U.S. Representative (1837-1839), and a justice of the New York Supreme Court.
Le Rozel is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
The Kraft Group, LLC, is a group of privately held companies in the professional sports, manufacturing, and real estate development industries doing business in 90 countries. Founded in 1998 by American businessman Robert Kraft as a holding company, it is based in Foxborough, Massachusetts.
Bilpin is a small town on the historic Bells Line of Road in the City of Hawkesbury local government area in the Blue Mountains, west of Sydney, New South Wales. 
Collector is a small village on the Federal Highway in New South Wales, Australia halfway between Goulburn and the Australian Capital Territory. It is seven kilometres north of Lake George. At the , Collector and the surrounding district had a population of 313 people.
Solana de los Barros is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 2,657 and an area of 65.09 km².
Tortuguitas is a city in Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina, located northwest of Buenos Aires. The city is located in Malvinas Argentinas Partido , and its population was 41,390 inhabitants as of the 2001 Census.
Honey Creek is a tributary of Kishacoquillas Creek in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
XerxesDZB is a Dutch football club based in Rotterdam.
Gunnersbury is an area of west London, England.
Highgate  is a suburban area of north London at the north-eastern corner of Hampstead Heath, north north-west of Charing Cross.
Kew  is a district in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, north-east of Richmond and west by south-west of Charing Cross; its population at the 2011 Census was 11,436.
Harald Ulrik Sverdrup (15 November 1888 – 21 August 1957) was a Norwegian oceanographer and meteorologist. 
Petts Wood is a suburb of south east London, England and is a part of the London Borough of Bromley. It lies north west of Orpington and south east of Bromley.
Sipson is a village in the London Borough of Hillingdon, the westernmost borough of Greater London, England. It is west of Charing Cross and near the north perimeter of London Heathrow Airport.
Thornton Heath is an area of South London, England, within the London Borough of Croydon and the historic county of Surrey. It is south of Charing Cross.
Wanstead is a district of east London, England, which is part of the London Borough of Redbridge.
Belmont is a village at the southern end of the town of Sutton in the southwest London Borough of Sutton, England. It is located off the A217 road and near to Banstead Downs in Surrey. 
Hayes is a town in West London, situated west of Charing Cross. Historically in Middlesex, Hayes became part of the London Borough of Hillingdon in 1965. 
Ferndale is a city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It forms part of the Detroit metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 19,900.
Napalm Death are a British extreme metal band formed in Meriden, West Midlands, England, in 1981. While none of its original members remain in the group since December 1986, the lineup of vocalist Mark "Barney" Greenway, bassist Shane Embury, guitarist Mitch Harris and drummer Danny Herrera has remained consistent of the band's career since 1992's "Utopia Banished", although, from 1989 to 2004, Napalm Death were a five-piece band after they added Jesse Pintado as the replacement of one-time guitarist Bill Steer; following Pintado's departure, the band reverted to a four-piece rather than replace him.
Saul Hudson (born 23 July 1965), better known by his stage name Slash, is a British–American musician and songwriter. He is the lead guitarist of the American hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s. 
Rudolphus Franciscus Marie "Ruud" Lubbers (; 7 May 1939 – 14 February 2018) was a Dutch politician and diplomat of the Christian Democratic Appeal  party and businessman who served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 4 November 1982 to 22 August 1994 and United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees from 1 January 2001 until 20 February 2005.
Strabane , historically spelt Straban, is a town in west Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It was the headquarters of the former Strabane District Council.
Iberia , legally incorporated as "Iberia, Líneas Aéreas de España, S.A. Operadora, Sociedad Unipersonal", is the flag carrier airline of Spain, founded in 1927. Based in Madrid, it operates an international network of services from its main base of Madrid-Barajas Airport.
Fehmarn   is an island in the Baltic Sea, off the eastern coast of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, and c. 18 kilometers south of the Danish island of Lolland. It belongs to the district of Ostholstein, Germany.
Paul Claudel (; 6 August 1868 – 23 February 1955) was a French poet, dramatist and diplomat, and the younger brother of the sculptress Camille Claudel. He was most famous for his verse dramas, which often convey his devout Catholicism. Claudel was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature in six different years.
National Express is a British multinational public transport company headquartered in Birmingham that operates bus, coach, train and tram services in the United Kingdom, United States, Canada, Spain, Portugal, Malta, Germany and Morocco and long-distance coach services across Europe. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Foley is a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. The 2010 census lists the population of the city as 14,618. 
Sir Samuel Morton Peto, 1st Baronet (4 August 1809 – 13 November 1889) was an English entrepreneur, civil engineer and railway developer, and, for more than 20 years, a Member of Parliament . A partner in the firm of Grissell and Peto, he managed construction firms that built many major buildings and monuments in London, including The Reform Club, The Lyceum, Nelson's Column and the new Houses of Parliament; which made him a millionaire. 
Robert Anthony Plant (born 20 August 1948) is an English singer, songwriter, and musician, best known as the lead singer and lyricist of the rock band Led Zeppelin. Plant is regarded as one of the greatest vocalists in the history of rock music.
Selma is a city in and the county seat of Dallas County, in the Black Belt region of south central Alabama and extending to the west. Located on the banks of the Alabama River, the city has a population of 20,756 as of the 2010 census. 
Louisville  is a town in Barbour County, Alabama, United States. Originally named "Lewisville" and still pronounced as such. At the 2010 census the population was 519.
Riccardo Giacconi (6 October 1931 – 9 December 2018) was an Italian-American Nobel Prize-winning astrophysicist who laid down the foundations of X-ray astronomy. He was a professor at the Johns Hopkins University.
Prestonsburg is a small home rule-class city in and the county seat of Floyd County, Kentucky, United States. It is in the eastern part of the state in the valley of the Big Sandy River. The population was 3,255 at the time of the 2010 census, down from 3,612 at the 2000 census.
Horse Cave is a home rule-class city in Hart County, Kentucky, United States. Randall Curry currently serves as mayor of the city and is assisted by a city council that is composed of six members. 
Tocumen International Airport  is the international airport of Panama City, the capital of Panama. The airport serves as the homebase for Copa Airlines and is a regional hub to and from The Caribbean, South, North and Central America and additionally features routes to some European and Asian cities.
The Kent Group are a grouping of six granite islands located in Bass Strait, north-west of the Furneaux Group in Tasmania, Australia. Collectively, the group is comprised within the Kent Group National Park.
Joseph John Ellis (born July 18, 1943) is an American historian whose work focuses on the lives and times of the founders of the United States of America. "" won a National Book Award and "" won the 2001 Pulitzer Prize for History. Both these books were bestsellers.
John Forbes Nash Jr. (June 13, 1928 – May 23, 2015) was an American mathematician who made fundamental contributions to game theory, differential geometry, and the study of partial differential equations. Nash's work has provided insight into the factors that govern chance and decision-making inside complex systems found in everyday life.
Ratzeburg  is a town in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is surrounded by four lakes—the resulting isthmuses between the lakes form the access lanes to the town. Ratzeburg is the capital of the "Kreis"  of Lauenburg.
Fort Lewis College is a public liberal arts college in Durango, Colorado.
Michael Owen Rosenbaum (born July 11, 1972) is an American actor, producer, singer and comedian. He is known for his performance in "Sorority Boys" and for portraying Lex Luthor on the Superman television series "Smallville", a role that "TV Guide" included in their 2013 list of The 60 Nastiest Villains of All Time.
Lotus Software  was an American software company based in Massachusetts; it was "offloaded" to India's HCL Technologies in 2018.
Centre is a city in Cherokee County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 3,489. The city is the county seat of Cherokee County and is part of the Gadsden, Alabama Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Ashland is a town and former city in Clay County, Alabama, United States. The population was 2,037 at the 2010 census. The town is the county seat of Clay County.
Evergreen is a city in Conecuh County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 3,944. The city is the county seat of Conecuh County.
Arab  is a city in Marshall and Cullman counties in the northern part of the U.S. state of Alabama, located from Guntersville Lake and Guntersville Dam, and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city was 8,050.
Ozark is a city in and the county seat of Dale County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city was 14,907.
Valley Head is a town in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States. Although the town incorporated in 1921, it was also listed as being incorporated on the 1890 U.S. Census. 
Russellville is a city in Franklin County in the U.S. state of Alabama. At the 2010 census, the population of the city was 9,830, up from 8,971 at the 2000 census. The city is the county seat of Franklin County.
Argo is a town in Jefferson and St. Clair counties, Alabama, United States. It incorporated in 1987. At the 2010 census the population was 4,071.
Homewood is a city in southeastern Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. It is a suburb of Birmingham, located on the other side of Red Mountain due south of the city center. 
Anderson is a town in Lauderdale County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Florence - Muscle Shoals Metropolitan Statistical Area known as "The Shoals". As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the town had a population of 282, down from 354 in 2000.
Mooresville is a town in Limestone County, Alabama, United States, located southeast of the intersection of Interstate 565 and Interstate 65, and north of Wheeler Lake.
Bear Creek is a town in Marion County, Alabama, United States. It incorporated in 1907, although the 1910 U.S. Census records indicated 1909.
Brandon Charles Boyd (born February 15, 1976) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, author, and visual artist. He is best known as the lead vocalist of the American Multi-Platinum rock band Incubus.
Falkville is a town in Morgan County, Alabama, United States and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur metropolitan areas. As of the 2010 census, the population of the town was 1,279, up from 1,202 in 2000.
Columbiana is a city and the county seat of Shelby County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 4,197.
Carbon Hill is a city in Walker County, Alabama, United States. It incorporated in February 1891. 
Cold Bay  is a city in Aleutians East Borough, Alaska, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 108.
Goodnews Bay  is a city in Bethel Census Area, Alaska, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city was 243, up from 230 in 2000.
Toksook Bay  is a city and village on Nelson Island in Bethel Census Area, Alaska. The population was 590 at the 2010 census, up from 532 in 2000. As of 2016, the estimated population was 657, making it the largest village on the island.
Geoffrey Arnold Beck (born 24 June 1944) is an English rock guitarist. He is one of the three noted guitarists to have played with the Yardbirds . Beck also formed the Jeff Beck Group and with Tim Bogert and Carmine Appice, he formed Beck, Bogert & Appice.
Larsen Bay  is a city in Kodiak Island Borough, Alaska, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 87, down from 115 in 2000.
Palmer is a city in and the borough seat of the Matanuska-Susitna Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is part of the Anchorage Metropolitan Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city is 5,937.
Anaktuvuk Pass  is a city in North Slope Borough, Alaska, United States. The population was 282 at the 2000 census and 324 as of the 2010 census.
Kobuk  is a city in Northwest Arctic Borough, Alaska, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 151, up from 109 in 2000.
Angoon   is a city on Admiralty Island in Hoonah-Angoon Census Area, Alaska, United States. At the 2000 census the population was 572; by the 2010 census the population had declined to 459. The name in Tlingit, "Aangóon", means roughly "isthmus town."
Mountain Village  is a city in Kusilvak Census Area, Alaska, United States, located on the Yukon River near the Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta. At the 2010 census the population was 813, up from 755 in 2000.
Hughes  is a city in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska, United States. The population was 77 at the 2010 census, down from 78 in 2000.
Tanana  is a city in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area in the U.S. state of Alaska. At the 2010 census the population was 246, down from 308 in 2000. 
Kuala Lumpur International Airport   is Malaysia's main international airport and one of the major airports in Southeast Asia and worldwide. It is located in Sepang District of Selangor, approximately south of Kuala Lumpur city centre and serves the Greater Klang Valley conurbation.
Jared Mason Diamond (born September 10, 1937) is an American geographer, historian, and author best known for his popular science books "The Third Chimpanzee" (1991); "Guns, Germs, and Steel" (1997, awarded a Pulitzer Prize); "" (2005); and "The World Until Yesterday" (2012). Originally trained in physiology, Diamond is known for drawing from a variety of fields, including anthropology, ecology, geography, and evolutionary biology. 
Edward Earl Hazel (April 10, 1950 – December 23, 1992) was an American guitarist and singer in early funk music in the United States who played lead guitar with Parliament-Funkadelic. Hazel was a posthumous inductee of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.
Benson is a city in Cochise County, Arizona, United States, east-southeast of Tucson. It was founded as a rail terminal for the area, and still serves as such. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city was 5,105.
Winkelman is a town in Gila and Pinal counties in the U.S. state of Arizona. According to the 2010 census, the population of the town was 353, all of whom lived in Gila County.
Cave Creek is a town in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. The largest city it borders is Phoenix, Arizona. According to the 2010 census, the population of the town was 5,015.
Youngtown is a town in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. According to the 2010 census, the population of the town is 6,156. Youngtown is the oldest retirement community in the United States.
Coolidge is a city in Pinal County, Arizona, United States. According to the 2010 census, the city's population is 11,825.
Prescott Valley is a town located in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States, about 8 miles east of Prescott, which it has surpassed in growth. Prescott Valley was the seventh fastest-growing place among all cities and towns in Arizona between 1990 and 2000, with a current population (October 2016) of about 45,500 residents.
Cotter is a city in Baxter County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,078 at the 2010 census.
Gravette is a city in Benton County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 2,325 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers, AR-MO Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Eureka Springs is a city in Carroll County, Arkansas, United States, and one of two county seats for the county. It is located in the Ozarks of northwest Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,073.
Quitman is a city in Cleburne and Faulkner counties in the U.S. state of Arkansas. Its population was 762 at the 2010 census. The portion of the city in Faulkner County is part of the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Monette is a city in Craighead County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,501 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Jonesboro, Arkansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Wynne is the county seat and largest city of Cross County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 8,367 at the 2010 Census. Nestled between the Arkansas Delta and Crowley's Ridge, Wynne is the closest city to the second largest state park in Arkansas, Village Creek State Park.
Ozark is a city in Franklin County, Arkansas, United States and one of the county's two seats of government. The community is located along the Arkansas River in the Arkansas River Valley on the southern edge of the Ozark Mountains. 
Sulphur Rock is a town in Independence County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 456 at the 2010 census.
Lewisville is a town in Lafayette County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,285 at the 2000 census. The town is the county seat of Lafayette County.
Lonoke  is the second most populous city in Lonoke County, Arkansas, United States, and serves as its county seat. According to 2010 United States Census, the population of the city is 4,245. It is part of the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Luxora is a city in Mississippi County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,178 at the 2010 census.
Marked Tree is a city in Poinsett County, Arkansas United States, along the St. Francis River, at the mouth of the Little River. The population was 2,800 at the 2000 census. It is included in the Jonesboro, Arkansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
DeValls Bluff is a city in and the county seat of the southern district of Prairie County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 619 at the 2010 census.
St. Joe is a town in Searcy County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 132 at the 2010 census.
Huttig is a city in Union County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 731 at the 2000 census.
Augusta is a city in Woodruff County, Arkansas, United States, located on the east bank of the White River. The population was 2,199 at the 2010 census. The city is the county seat of Woodruff County.
Ione  is a city in Amador County, California, United States. The population was 7,918 at the 2010 census, up from 7,129 in 2000. 
Fontanelice  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bologna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southeast of Bologna. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,884 and an area of .
Monghidoro  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna, located about south of Bologna.
Poggio Renatico  is a "comune"  in the Province of Ferrara in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northeast of Bologna and about southwest of Ferrara. 
Riolo Terme  is a "comune"  in the Province of Ravenna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southeast of Bologna and about southwest of Ravenna. The main attraction of the town are the termal baths. 
Mercato Saraceno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southeast of Bologna and about southeast of Forlì.
Vincenzo Nibali (; born 14 November 1984) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Porter County Regional Airport  is a public use airport one nautical mile (1.8 km) southeast of the central business district of Valparaiso, a city in Porter County, Indiana, United States. The Porter County Municipal Airport Authority owns the airport.
Dame Averil Millicent Cameron (born 1940), often cited as A. M. Cameron, is professor emerita of Late Antique and Byzantine History at the University of Oxford, and was formerly the Warden of Keble College, Oxford, between 1994 and 2010.
Karl Ferdinand Sohn (December 10, 1805 in Berlin – November 25, 1867 in Cologne) was a German painter of the Düsseldorf school of painting.
Ensisheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. It is also the birthplace of the composer Léon Boëllmann. The Germanic origins of the village's name reflects the area's history.
Frontone is a "comune"  in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino in the Italian region of Marche, located about west of Ancona and about southwest of Pesaro.
Montecalvo in Foglia is a "comune"  in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino in the Italian region Marche, located about northwest of Ancona and about southwest of Pesaro.
Pennabilli  is a "comune"  in the Province of Rimini in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southeast of Bologna and about south of Rimini.
Sassofeltrio is a "comune"  in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino in the Italian region Marche, located about northwest of Ancona and about west of Pesaro.
Belvedere Ostrense is a "comune"  in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region Marche, located about west of Ancona.
Monsano is a "comune"  in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region Marche, located about west of Ancona.
San Paolo di Jesi is a "comune"  in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region Marche, located about southwest of Ancona.
Castelraimondo is a "comune"  in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about southwest of Ancona and about southwest of Macerata.
Mogliano is a "comune"  in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about south of Ancona and about south of Macerata.
Petriolo is a "comune"  in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about south of Ancona and about south of Macerata. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,063 and an area of .
Serravalle di Chienti is a "comune"  in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about southwest of Ancona and about southwest of Macerata. It is crossed by the Chienti river. 
Offida is a "comune"  in the Province of Ascoli Piceno in the Italian region Marche, located about south of Ancona and about northeast of Ascoli Piceno, on a rocky spur between the valleys of the Tesino  and Tronto  rivers.
Mulazzo is a "comune"  in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region Tuscany, located about northwest of Florence and about northwest of Massa. 
Pieve Fosciana is a "comune"  in the Province of Lucca in the Italian region Tuscany, located about northwest of Florence and about north of Lucca.
Barberino di Mugello is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany, located about north of Florence. 
Marradi  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany, located about northeast of Florence at the borders with the Emilia-Romagna region. 
Scandicci  is a "comune"  of c. 50,000 inhabitants in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southwest of Florence.
Collesalvetti is a "comune"  in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southwest of Florence, northeast of Livorno and only south from Pisa. 
Castelnuovo di Val di Cecina is a "comune"  in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southwest of Florence and about 70 km southeast of Pisa. 
Vecchiano is a "comune"  in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany, located about west of Florence and about north of Pisa. It is home to a castle, known as Gaetani or Lanfranchi castle, or as the hermitage of Santa Maria in Castello, which overlooks the town and the nearby plan.
Henryk Tomaszewski aka Heinrich Karl Koenig (1919–2001) was a mime artist and theatre director, born in Poznań, Poland. He settled in Cracow in 1945 to study theatre after the end of World War II during which he studied at Iwo Gall's Theatre Studio from 1945 to 1947 and ballet under Feliks Parnell. 
Hunter Douglas N.V. is a Dutch multinational corporation. Its principal business is making window blinds and coverings. 
Bucine is a "comune"  in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southeast of Florence and about west of Arezzo.
Ortignano Raggiolo is a "comune"  in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southeast of Florence and about northwest of Arezzo.
Gaiole in Chianti is a "comune"  in the Province of Siena in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southeast of Florence and about northeast of Siena. "Forbes" named it number one in its list of "Europe's Most Idyllic Places To Live."
Sovicille is a "comune"  in the Province of Siena in the Italian region Tuscany, located about south of Florence and about southwest of Siena.
Corciano is a "comune"  in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 8 km west of Perugia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 17,008 and an area of 63.7 km². 
Montone is a "comune"  in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 35 km north of Perugia.
Scheggino is a "comune"  in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 60 km southeast of Perugia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 460 and an area of 35.2 km².
Arrone is a "comune"  in the Province of Terni in the Italian region Umbria, located about 70 km southeast of Perugia and about 10 km east of Terni in the Valnerina.
San Venanzo is a "comune"  in the Province of Terni in the Italian region Umbria, located about southwest of Perugia and about northwest of Terni. 
Capodimonte is a "comune"  in the Province of Viterbo in the Italian region Lazio, located about northwest of Rome and about northwest of Viterbo. It is on the southwestern shore of Lake Bolsena. 
Farnese is a "comune"  in the Province of Viterbo in the Italian region Latium, located about northwest of Rome and about northwest of Viterbo. 
Onano is a "comune"  in the Province of Viterbo in the Italian region Lazio, located about northwest of Rome and about northwest of Viterbo. 
Accumoli is a "comune"  in the Province of Rieti in the Italian region Lazio, located about northeast of Rome and about northeast of Rieti. It is located in the natural park known as the "Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park".
Colli sul Velino is a "comune"  in the Province of Rieti in the Italian region Latium, located about northeast of Rome and about northwest of Rieti.
Poggio Mirteto is a "comune"  and former Catholic bishopric in Sabina in the Central Italian region Lazio . Administratively Poggio Mirteto is in the province of Rieti  and geographically this municipality is about northeast of Rome and about southwest of Rieti.
Addison Gardiner (March 19, 1797 – June 5, 1883) was an American lawyer and politician who was the Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1854 to 1855.
Cerreto Laziale is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Latium, located about east of Rome.
Gorga is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome. 
Mazzano Romano is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Latium, located about north of Rome.
Martin David Holley (born December 31, 1954) is an American bishop of the Catholic Church who served as Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Memphis, Tennessee, from 2016 to 2018. He was an auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington, D.C., from 2004 to 2016.
Roccagiovine  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Latium, located about northeast of Rome. It is included in the Natural Park of the Monti Lucretili.
San Vito Romano  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Lazio, located about east of Rome. 
Norma is a "comune"  in the Province of Latina in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome and about northeast of Latina in the Monti Lepini range.
Broccostella is a "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about east of Rome and about northeast of Frosinone. 
Amy Beth Pascal (born March 25, 1958) is an American business executive and film producer. She served as the Chairperson of the Motion Pictures Group of Sony Pictures Entertainment  and Co-Chairperson of SPE, including Sony Pictures Television, from 2006 until 2015. 
Hargeisa Egal International Airport  is an airport in Hargeisa, the capital of Somaliland, named after Somaliland's second president Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal, the airport underwent major renovations in 2012–2013. In 2002 the airport handled 56,000 passengers & 2,300 tons of cargo on a total of 1,750 landings.
KHAY (100.7 FM, "100.7 KHAY") is a commercial radio station that is licensed to Ventura, California and broadcasts to the Oxnard-Ventura, California area. The station is owned by Cumulus Media and airs a country music format featuring programming from Nash FM.
Vibeke Westbye Skofterud (20 April 1980 – 29 July 2018) was a Norwegian cross-country skier. She won gold in the 4 × 5 km relay at Vancouver in 2010. 
Castelliri is a "comune"  of c. 3,500 inhabitants in the province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located in the valley of the Liri, about southeast of Rome and about northeast of Frosinone.
Falvaterra is a "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome and about southeast of Frosinone. 
Patrica is an ancient hill-top "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome and about southwest of Frosinone. It is part of Ciociaria, not far from the Monti Lepini. It borders Ceccano, Frosinone, Giuliano di Roma, and Supino; and overlooks the Sacco and Liri valleys.
San Donato Val di Comino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located in the Comino Valley about east of Rome and about east of Frosinone.
Torre Cajetani is a "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about east of Rome and about northwest of Frosinone.
Villa Santo Stefano is a "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome and about south of Frosinone.
Calvi Risorta is a "comune"  and former bishopric in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located across the Via Casilina about northwest of Naples and about northwest of Caserta.
Castel Campagnano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about northeast of Naples and about northeast of Caserta. 
Fontegreca  is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about northwest of Caserta.
Liberi is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about north of Caserta. 
Pietramelara is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about northwest of Caserta. It occupies the plain just south the slopes of Monte Maggiore, the highest peak in the Monti Trebulani.
Recale is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about southwest of Caserta.
San Pietro Infine is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about northwest of Naples and about northwest of Caserta. San Pietro Infine borders the following municipalities: Mignano Monte Lungo, San Vittore del Lazio, Venafro.
Teverola is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about southwest of Caserta.
Cellole is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about northwest of Naples and about northwest of Caserta. 
Buonalbergo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 70 km northeast of Naples and about twenty kilometers northeast of Benevento.
Ceppaloni is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 50 km northeast of Naples and about 9 km south of Benevento. 
Fragneto Monforte is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania.
Pago Veiano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 70 km northeast of Naples and about 15 km northeast of Benevento. 
Cardiff Corinthians F.C. are a football club from Cardiff, Wales. They play in the South Wales Alliance League Division One. 
Vitulano is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 50 km northeast of Naples and about 12 km northwest of Benevento.
Casamicciola Terme is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania, located in the northern part of the Ischia Island. On August 21, 2017 was hit by a 4,3 Mb earthquake, causing damage to some houses and 2 fatalities.
Frattaminore is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania, located about 13 km north of Naples.
Ottaviano  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania, located about east of Naples and is located in the Vesuvian Area. Ottaviano was in Roman times a hamlet of houses within a vast estate  belonging to the gens Octavia, Augustus's family. 
San Paolo Bel Sito  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region of Campania. San Paolo Bel Sito is located about 25 km northeast of Naples. 
Volla  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania, located about northeast of Naples. Its economy is mostly based on agriculture.
The Blyth Shipbuilding & Dry Docks Company Ltd. was a British shipyard located in Blyth, Northumberland, England.
KUTV, virtual channel 2 (UHF digital channel 34), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, as part of a triopoly with independent station KJZZ-TV (channel 14) and St. George-licensed MyNetworkTV affiliate KMYU (channel 12, formerly solely a satellite station of KUTV from its 1999 sign-on to 2008). 
Telekom Srpske  is a telecommunications company based in Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The company is owned by Telekom Srbija, and is the second largest telecommunications company in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the biggest one listed on the Banja Luka Stock Exchange, with the market capitalisation of about 540 million euros.
Busso is a "comune"  in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about west of Campobasso. 
Castelmauro is a "comune"  in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about north of Campobasso. 
Jelsi is a "comune"  in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about southeast of Campobasso.
Morrone del Sannio is a "comune"  in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about northeast of Campobasso.
Ripalimosani is a "comune"  in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about north of Campobasso. 
San Massimo is a "comune"  in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about southwest of Campobasso, comprising .
Vinchiaturo is a "comune"  in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about southwest of Campobasso.
Kamsack, Saskatchewan, Canada is a town in the Assiniboine River Valley, where the Whitesand River joins the Assiniboine River. It is northeast of Yorkton. Highway 8 and Highway 5 intersect in the town.
Bagnara Calabra  is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in Calabria, southern Italy. It is located in the hills facing the Tyrrhenian Sea on the southern tip of the region, about southwest of Catanzaro and about northeast of Reggio Calabria.
Campo Calabro is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about north of Reggio Calabria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,193 and an area of .
Condofuri  is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about southeast of Reggio Calabria.
Laureana di Borrello  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region of Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about northeast of Reggio Calabria. 
Palmi  is a "comune"  of about 19,303 inhabitants in the province of Reggio Calabria in Calabria.
San Lorenzo is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about southeast of Reggio Calabria. This town has been attracting tourists with their representation of the French and Indian War with the use of squirrels, raccoons, and hedgehogs.
Stignano is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about south of Catanzaro and about northeast of Reggio Calabria. Stignano borders the following municipalities: Camini, Caulonia, Pazzano, Placanica, Riace, Stilo.
Mikhail Petrovich Aleshin (, born 22 May 1987 in Moscow, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional racing driver and the 2010 champion of the Formula Renault 3.5 Series.
Campillo de Altobuey is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,691.
The Kororoit Creek is a watercourse of the Port Phillip catchment, rising in the outer north western suburbs of Melbourne, in the Australian state of Victoria.
Calcio Montebelluna is an Italian association football club located in Montebelluna, Veneto. It currently plays in Serie D.
Ayon Island is an island in the coast of Chukotka in the East Siberian Sea. The island itself consists mainly of low-lying tundra, and is primarily populated by the Chukchi people, who use the tundra as pasture for their reindeer herds.
Czech Sport Aircraft, a.s.  is an aircraft manufacturer based in the Czech Republic. 
Natalya Venediktovna Lisovskaya (; born 16 July 1962) is a former Soviet athlete who competed mainly in shot put. Lisovskaya trained at Spartak in Moscow.
Sanpaolo IMI S.p.A. was an Italian banking and insurance conglomerate, based in Turin. 
KMIC (1590 AM, 98.3 FM) is a Spanish language Christian music and teaching formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Houston, Texas, serving the Greater Houston area. The station, which began broadcasting in 1947, is owned and operated by DAIJ Media.
Ash-Tree Press is a Canadian company that publishes supernatural and horror literature.
Margitta Gummel (née Helmbold on 29 June 1941) is a German former Olympic gold medalist. She competed for the Unified German team in the 1964 Summer Olympics, East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and East Germany again at the 1972 Summer Olympics. She had a long rivalry with Nadezhda Chizhova of the Soviet Union.
Robert Koren (born 20 September 1980) is a retired Slovenian professional footballer who played as a midfielder. Koren earned 61 caps and scored five goals for the Slovenia national football team between 2003 and 2011 and played at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Aileen Aletha Meagher (November 26, 1910 – August 2, 1987) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Belmonte Mezzagno  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about south of Palermo.
Ficarazzi is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region of Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo. 
Marineo  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about south of Palermo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,885 and an area of .
Roccapalumba  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo.
Villabate  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 19,441 and an area of .
Casalvecchio Siculo  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about southwest of Messina.
Gaggi  is a "comune"  in the Province of Messina in the Italian region of Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about southwest of Messina. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,812 and an area of .
Las Mesas is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 2,420.
Mistretta  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about west of Messina. 
Pace del Mela  is a "comune"  in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about west of Messina. 
Kanemaru debuted in 1996 for All Japan Pro Wrestling, in the last years of owner Giant Baba's regime, which had isolated the promotion from outsider wrestlers at the expense of the younger, lighter-weight talent. His first high-profile match in 1997 saw him team with New Japan Pro Wrestling's Koji Kanemoto  to battle freelancer Satoru Sayama, the original Tiger Mask, and his disciple, Michinoku Pro Wrestling's Tiger Mask. 
Santo Stefano di Camastra  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 100 km east of Palermo and about 135 km west of Messina. 
Charlie Tutan Waters (born September 10, 1948) is a former American football player, a safety in the National Football League for twelve seasons, all with the Dallas Cowboys. He played college football at Clemson University.
Cammarata is a "comune"  in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo and about north of Agrigento on the eponymous mountain, which has an elevation above sea level in a territory rich in forests.
Lucca Sicula  is a "comune"  in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about south of Palermo and about northwest of Agrigento.
San Giovanni Gemini  is a "comune"  in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo and about north of Agrigento. 
Aci Bonaccorsi  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo and about northeast of Catania.
Milo  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo and about north of Catania. 
Riposto  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about northeast of Catania.
Valverde  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo and about northeast of Catania. 
Melilli  is a "comune"  in the Province of Syracuse, Sicily , located about southeast of Palermo and about northwest of Syracuse. 
Mira is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,127.
The Little Para River is a seasonal creek running across the Adelaide Plains in the Australian state of South Australia, whose catchment fills reservoirs that supply some of the water needs of Adelaide’s northern suburbs.
Bonorva  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about southeast of Sassari.
Cossoine is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about southeast of Sassari. 
Monteleone Rocca Doria  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about south of Sassari. As of 2018, it had a population of 99 and an area of .
Perfugas  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about northeast of Sassari. 
Tissi is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about south of Sassari. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,017 and an area of .
Aritzo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about southwest of Nuoro. 
Borore  is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about west of Nuoro.
Gairo, Gàiru in sardinian language, is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northeast of Cagliari and about southwest of Tortolì. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,643 and an area of .
Lotzorai is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northeast of Cagliari and about northeast of Tortolì.
Olzai  is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about southwest of Nuoro. 
Osini is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northeast of Cagliari and about southwest of Tortolì. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 925 and an area of .
Sorgono  is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about southwest of Nuoro. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,927 and an area of .
Villagrande Strisaili  is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northeast of Cagliari and about northwest of Tortolì. 
Collinas, Forru in the Sardinian language, is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about northwest of Sanluri. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 954 and an area of .
Gonnesa is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about west of Cagliari and about northwest of Carbonia, in the Iglesiente subregion.
Nuraminis, Nuràminis in sardinian language, is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,656 and an area of .
Samassi is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about south of Sanluri. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 5,332 and an area of .
Segariu is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about east of Sanluri. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,353 and an area of .
Suelli, Sueddi in sardinian language, is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,179 and an area of .
Villanovaforru, Biddanoa de Forru in sardinian language, is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about northwest of Sanluri. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 709 and an area of .
Piscinas is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about southwest of Cagliari and about southeast of Carbonia, in the Sulcis-Iglesiente traditional subregion. 
Cavasso Nuovo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northeast of Pordenone.
Meduno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northeast of Pordenone. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,737 and an area of .
San Giorgio della Richinvelda (Standard Friulian: ;
Zoppola (Standard Friulian: ;
Cuglieri  is a "comune"  in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about north of Oristano.
Nurachi is a "comune"  in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about northwest of Oristano. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,671 and an area of .
Seneghe  is a "comune"  in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about north of Oristano. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,944 and an area of .
Kozuka was born on February 27, 1989 in Nagoya, Japan. His father, Tsuguhiko Kozuka, competed in singles skating at the 1968 Olympics; his mother, Sachiko, competed in ice dancing; and his grandfather, Mitsuhiko Kozuka, was prominent in early Japanese skating.
Masserano is a "comune"  in the Province of Biella in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northeast of Biella. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,315 and an area of .
Kathleen Babineaux Blanco (born December 15, 1942) is an American politician who served as the 54th Governor of Louisiana from January 2004 to January 2008. A member of the Democratic Party, she is the first woman to have been elected as governor of Louisiana.
Semisonic is an American alternative rock band formed in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1995. The band has three members: Dan Wilson , John Munson , and Jacob Slichter . They are best known for their 1998 single "Closing Time".
Willem Einthoven (21 May 1860 – 29 September 1927) was a Dutch physician and physiologist. He invented the first practical electrocardiogram  in 1895 and received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1924 for it .
The University of Maine  is a leading public research university based in Orono, Maine, United States. The university was established in 1865 as a land grant college and is the flagship university of the University of Maine System. The University of Maine is one of only a few land, sea and space grant institutions in the nation.
Figeac  is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France. Figeac is a sub-prefecture of the department.
Lampedusa  is the largest island of the Italian Pelagie Islands in the Mediterranean Sea.
Indian Airlines, later Indian, was a major Indian airline based in Delhi and focused primarily on domestic routes, along with several international services to neighbouring countries in Asia. It was state-owned after merger of eight pre-Independence domestic airlines and was administered by the Ministry of Civil Aviation. Indian was one of the two flag carriers of India, the other being Air India.
Sir Henry Thomas De la Beche KCB, FRS (10 February 179613 April 1855) was an English geologist and palaeontologist, the first director of the Geological Survey of Great Britain, who helped pioneer early geological survey methods. He was the first President of the Palaeontographical Society.
Democracy Now! is an hour-long American TV, radio and internet news program hosted by journalists Amy Goodman, who also acts as the show's executive producer, and Juan González. 
Connie Stevens (born Concetta Rosalie Ann Ingoglia; August 8, 1938) is an American actress, director, screenwriter, producer, cinematographer, editor and singer. She played the role of "Cricket" Blake in the television series "Hawaiian Eye".
Yarmouth is a town, port and civil parish in the west of the Isle of Wight, off the south coast of England. The town is named for its location at the mouth of the small Western Yar river. 
Jetstar Pacific Airlines Joint Stock Aviation Company  is a low-cost airline headquartered in Tan Binh District, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. With its hub at Tan Son Nhat International Airport, Ho Chi Minh City, operates scheduled domestic and international services along with charter flights.
Metrorex is the Romanian company which runs the Bucharest Metro. Metrorex was due to be merged with Bucharest's surface transport operator, STB, to form the Bucharest Metropolitan Transport Corporation, but this has been postponed indefinitely as of 2006. 
Blackheath is a town and ward in the Rowley Regis area of the Sandwell Metropolitan Borough, in the county of West Midlands, England.
The Roman Republic was a short-lived state declared on 9 February 1849, when the government of the Papal States was temporarily replaced by a republican government due to Pope Pius IX's flight to Gaeta. The republic was led by Carlo Armellini, Giuseppe Mazzini, and Aurelio Saffi. 
Oakland is a town in Kennebec County in the U.S. state of Maine. The population was 6,240 at the 2010 census. 
Amy Sherman-Palladino (born January 17, 1966) is an American television writer, director, and producer. She is best known as the creator of the comedy-drama television series "Gilmore Girls" (2000–07, 2016), "Bunheads" (2012–13), and "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel" (2017–present).
Allama Iqbal International Airport   is the third largest civil airport by traffic in Pakistan, serving Lahore, the capital of Punjab province as well a large portion of the travellers from the Punjab province. Originally known as Lahore International Airport, it was renamed after Allama Iqbal, one of the pioneers that led to the creation of Pakistan.
Serpukhov  is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Oka and the Nara Rivers, south from Moscow on the Moscow—Simferopol highway. The Moscow—Tula railway passes through Serpukhov. Population: 
Porto-Vecchio  is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica. 
La Leche League International   is a non-governmental, nonprofit organization that organizes advocacy, educational, and training related to breastfeeding. It is present in about 89 countries.
Melchior Gastón Ferrer (August 25, 1917 – June 2, 2008) was an American actor and director of stage and screen, film producer and the first husband of Audrey Hepburn.
Capital Airlines was an airline headquartered in Lagos, Nigeria, that operated scheduled and chartered domestic flights out of its base at Murtala Muhammed International Airport and Ilorin International Airport.
Redditch United Football Club is an English football club based in Redditch, Worcestershire. The club participates in the and play their home games at the Trico Stadium.
Luc Alphand (born 6 August 1965) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from France. He specialized in the speed events and later became a race car driver.
Dalmeny is a town in the central part of Saskatchewan, Canada, named after Dalmeny, Scotland. The town is located in the rural municipality of Corman Park, and is about 26.8 km north of Saskatoon. The Dominion Land Survey description of Dalmeny's location is Section 10 Tsp 39 Rge 6 W3.
Jubba Airways is a Somali airline. Previously headquartered at the Aden Adde International Airport in Mogadishu, Somalia, it is now based in Nairobi, Kenya, with additional branches in various other global areas. 
Udo Lindenberg (born 17 May 1946 in Gronau) is a German singer, drummer, rock musician and composer.
Zhuzhou , formerly Jianning, is a prefecture-level city of Hunan Province, China, straddling the Xiang River southeast of the provincial capital, Changsha, and bordering Jiangxi province to the east. It is part of the "Changzhutan Golden Triangle" . 
The Northwest Arm, originally named Sandwich River, is an inlet in eastern Canada off the Atlantic Ocean in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality.
Castellammare del Golfo  is a town and municipality in the Trapani Province of Sicily. The name can be translated as "Sea Fortress on the Gulf", stemming from the medieval fortress in the harbor. 
Tom Constanten (born March 19, 1944, Long Branch, New Jersey, United States) is an American keyboardist, best known for playing with Grateful Dead from 1968 to 1970.
China Cargo Airlines  sometimes as abbreviated 中货航 , is a cargo airline with its head office on Hongqiao International Airport in Shanghai, People's Republic of China. It is China's first all-cargo airline operating dedicated freight services using China Eastern Airlines route structure. Its base is at Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport, with a hub at Shanghai Pudong International Airport.
Judith Tarr (born in Augusta, Maine, January 30, 1955) is an American fantasy and science fiction author. She received her B.A. in Latin and English from Mount Holyoke College in 1976, and has an M.A. in Classics from Cambridge University, and an M.A. and PhD in Medieval Studies from Yale University. 
Om  is an American heavy metal band from San Francisco, California. Formed as a duo in 2003 by the rhythm section of the band Sleep, OM is currently a trio.
The German East Africa Company  was a chartered colonial organization which brought about the establishment of German East Africa, a territory which eventually comprised the areas of modern Tanzania, Burundi, and Rwanda.
Tarvisio  is a comune in the Province of Udine, the northeastern part of the autonomous Friuli Venezia Giulia region in Italy.
Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia (; 22 August 1858 – 15 June 1915) was a grandson of Emperor Nicholas I of Russia, and a poet and playwright of some renown. He wrote under the pen name "K.R.", initials of his given name and family name, Konstantin Romanov.
Moreirense Futebol Clube is a Portuguese football club based in Moreira de Cónegos, Guimarães Municipality, in Minho. Founded on 1 November 1938, it plays in the Primeira Liga, holding home games at Parque de Jogos Comendador Joaquim de Almeida Freitas, with a capacity for 9,000 spectators.
Ivan Pelizzoli (; born 18 November 1980) is an Italian professional footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Foggia in Italy's Serie B.
Ahmad bin Yahya Hamidaddin (June 18, 1891 – September 19, 1962) was the penultimate king of the Mutawakkilite Kingdom of Yemen, who reigned from 1948 to 1962. His full name and title was H.M. al-Nasir-li-Dinullah Ahmad bin al-Mutawakkil 'Alallah Yahya, Imam and Commander of the Faithful, and King of the Mutawakkilite Kingdom of the Yemen.
Indonesian Airlines  was an airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia. It operated domestic services.
Isabel Allende Bussi (; born 18 January 1945) is a Chilean Socialist Party politician and the daughter of former president of Chile Salvador Allende, and his wife, Hortensia Bussi. From 1994 to 2010 she was a deputy and in March 2010 she became a Senator for the Atacama Region. 
XL Airways France, formerly Star Airlines, is a French airline with its head offices on the grounds of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport. It operates scheduled flights mainly to long-haul destinations in Africa, the Middle East, the United States and the Caribbean as well as charter flights to medium-haul destinations in the Mediterranean, mostly out of Charles de Gaulle Airport.
James Arthur Boeheim ( ; born November 17, 1944) is an American college basketball coach who is the head coach of the Syracuse Orange men's team of the Atlantic Coast Conference . Boeheim has guided the Orange to ten Big East regular season championships, five Big East Tournament championships, and 33 NCAA Tournament appearances, including five Final Four appearances and three appearances in the national title game. 
Heinrich Rudolf Schinz (March 30, 1777 – March 8, 1861) was a Swiss physician and naturalist.
Malik Sealy (February 1, 1970 – May 20, 2000) was an American professional basketball player, active from 1992 until his death in an automobile accident at the age of 30. Sealy played eight seasons in the National Basketball Association  for the Indiana Pacers, Los Angeles Clippers, Detroit Pistons and Minnesota Timberwolves.
Rebecca Augusta Miller, Lady Day-Lewis (born September 15, 1962) is an American independent filmmaker and novelist, known for her films "Angela", "", "The Ballad of Jack and Rose", "The Private Lives of Pippa Lee", and "Maggie's Plan", all of which she wrote and directed. Miller is the daughter of Arthur Miller, a Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright, and his third wife Inge Morath, Magnum photographer.
Snezhinsk  is a closed town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. Population: 
Stavesacre are an American supergroup from Huntington Beach, California formed in 1995. The band is composed of vocalist Mark Salomon, guitarists Jeff Bellew and Ryan Dennee, bassist Dirk Lemmenes and drummer Sam West. 
The National Party of Honduras  is a political party in Honduras founded on February 27, 1902, by Manuel Bonilla Chirinos. Historically it has been one of the two most influential parties in the country. 
Wynn Resorts Ltd. is an American publicly traded corporation based in Paradise, Nevada that is a developer and operator of high end hotels and casinos. It was founded in 2002 by former Mirage Resorts Chairman and CEO Steve Wynn, and is now run by CEO Matthew Maddox. , 
The Council of Government of Monaco is the Prince's governing body.
Vianden  is a commune with town status in the Oesling, north-eastern Luxembourg, with over 1,800 inhabitants. It is the capital of the canton of Vianden, which is part of the district of Diekirch. Vianden lies on the Our river, near the border between Luxembourg and Germany.
Lee Michael Dixon (born 17 March 1964) is an English retired professional footballer who played as a right-back for Arsenal, Burnley, Bury, Chester City and Stoke City. Dixon was also capped 22 times for England, scoring once.
Lawrence Avenue is a major east-west thoroughfare in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is divided into east and west portions  by Yonge Street, the dividing line of east-west streets in Toronto.
The Upsetters was the name given to the house band for Jamaican reggae producer Lee "Scratch" Perry. The name of the band comes from Perry's nickname of Upsetter, after his song "I Am The Upsetter", a musical dismissal of his former boss Coxsone Dodd.
Lento  is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica. Since 2015, it is part of the canton of Golo-Morosaglia. The writer Marie Ferranti was born in Lento.
Berjaya Air Sdn Bhd  is an airline with its head office in the Berjaya Hangar of the SkyPark Terminal Building on the property of Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport in Subang, Selangor, Malaysia.
Motu Iti  is one of the northern Marquesas Islands in French Polynesia. Located west-northwest from Nuku Hiva, Motu Iti is the site of extensive seabird rookeries.
The Safina  is a political party in Kenya.
Apas Jumagulov  (born 19 September 1934) served as the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from 14 December 1993 to 24 March 1998.
Wayne Pigram (born 13 October 1959), better known by his stage name Wayne Pygram, is an Australian actor, known for his role as Scorpius in the science fiction series "Farscape" (2000–2003) and the miniseries that followed, "" (2004), he also appears in "", playing Grand Moff Tarkin, the character in which Peter Cushing had played 28 years beforehand, in "A New Hope".
Tammy K. Bruce (born August 20, 1962) is an American radio host, author, and political commentator. She is an on-air contributor to Fox News Channel, and writes material for the Fox Forum blog.
Kingfisher Airlines Limited was an airline group based in India. Through its parent company United Breweries Group, it had a 50% stake in low-cost carrier Kingfisher Red.
TracFone Wireless, Inc.  is an American prepaid, no-contract mobile phone provider. TFWI is a subsidiary of Mexico's largest telecommunications company, América Móvil, and offers products and services under several brands. It operates as a mobile virtual network operator , holding agreements with the United States' largest wireless network operators to provide service, including Verizon Wireless, AT&T Mobility, T-Mobile US, Sprint Corporation, and TracFone Wireless had 25.668 million subscribers in 2015.
The Sipsey Fork of the Black Warrior River is a river located in Alabama, USA, and is formed by the junction of Thompson and Hubbard creeks in the Sipsey Wilderness of Bankhead National Forest. The Sipsey Fork discharges into the Mulberry Fork. 
Francisco Bertrand Barahona (1866–1926) was twice President of Honduras, first from 28 March 1911 to 1 February 1912, and then again between 21 March 1913 and 9 September 1919. His successor and predecessor was Manuel Bonilla, and Bertrand served as the Vice President in Bonilla's cabinet. He was a member of the National Party.
Paul Lambert (born 7 August 1969) is a Scottish professional football manager and former player, who is the manager of Ipswich Town.
Oxwich Bay  is a bay on the south of the Gower Peninsula, Wales.
American Head Charge is an industrial metal band from Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. The band has earned two nominations at the "Kerrang!" Awards.
Michael Okuda is an American graphic designer best known for his work on "Star Trek".
Idriss Carlos Kameni (born 18 February 1984) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Fenerbahçe SK as a goalkeeper.
Francisco Rabal Valera (8 March 1926 – 29 August 2001), better known as Paco Rabal, was a Spanish actor, director, and screenwriter born in Águilas, a town in the south-western part of the province of Murcia, Spain.
Louis "Loe" de Jong (24 April 1914 in Amsterdam – 15 March 2005 in Amsterdam), a Dutch historian, specialised in the Netherlands in World War II and the Dutch resistance.
Bryce Stuart Mackasey, (August 25, 1921 – September 5, 1999) was a Canadian Member of Parliament, Cabinet minister, and Ambassador to Portugal.
William Carey University  is a private Christian liberal arts college in Mississippi, affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention and the Mississippi Baptist Convention. The main campus is in Hattiesburg, and a second campus is in the Tradition community near Gulfport and Biloxi.
Loys "Louis" Bourgeois (; c. 1510 – 1559) was a French composer and music theorist of the Renaissance. He is most famous as one of the main compilers of Calvinist hymn tunes in the middle of the 16th century. 
DBS Bank  Limited  is a licensed bank incorporated in Hong Kong. It is a subsidiary of DBS Bank headquartered in Singapore and it is also the seventh-largest bank in Hong Kong by total assets.
Francis Paul Wilson (born May 17, 1946 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American author, primarily in the science fiction and horror genres.
Y Combinator is an American seed accelerator which was launched in March 2005. Y Combinator is consistently ranked at the top of U.S. accelerators.
Eurasburg  is a municipality in Oberbayern . It is situated about south of the Bavarian state capital, Munich, in the county of Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen.
Lennart Axel Edvard Carleson (born 18 March 1928) is a Swedish mathematician, known as a leader in the field of harmonic analysis. One of his most noted accomplishments is his proof of Lusin's conjecture.
Obninsk  is a city in Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located on the bank of the Protva River southwest of Moscow and northeast from Kaluga. Population: 104,739 (2010 Census).
WFAA, virtual and VHF digital channel 8, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Dallas, Texas, United States and serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex. The station is owned by Tegna Inc. WFAA maintains business offices and secondary studio facilities at the WFAA Communications Center Studios on Young Street in downtown Dallas , and operates a primary studio facility, which is used for the production of WFAA's newscasts and also houses certain other business operations handled by the station, in the Victory Park neighborhood  in central Dallas. The station's transmitter is located south of Belt Line Road in Cedar Hill.
Andy Wallace is an American music studio engineer with a long track record of successful productions, beginning with the 1986 production of the Run-DMC/Aerosmith collaboration on "Walk This Way" with Rick Rubin. Following this breakout success, Wallace went on to work with Feeder, Sum 41, The Cult, Slayer, Prince, Bruce Springsteen, Sepultura, Soulfly, Nirvana, Alice in Chains, The Misfits, White Zombie, Jeff Buckley, Ben Folds Five, Faith No More, Rollins Band, Rush, Alice Cooper, Bernard Butler, Bad Religion, Sonic Youth, L7, Guns N' Roses, Rage Against the Machine, Front 242, Alabama 3, Linkin Park, Trapt, Foo Fighters, Silverchair, At the Drive-In, Staind, Sevendust, Blind Melon, System of a Down, Phish, Skunk Anansie, A Perfect Circle, Limp Bizkit, 3 Doors Down, Fuel, Chevelle, Disturbed, Paul McCartney, The Cribs, Atreyu, Young Astronauts Club, Avenged Sevenfold, Dream Theater, Ghost , A Day to Remember and many others. As of October 2005, over 80 million album units had been sold worldwide that contained a credit to Andy Wallace.
Tarazona is a town and municipality in the Tarazona y el Moncayo comarca, province of Zaragoza, in Aragon, Spain. It is the capital of the Tarazona y el Moncayo Aragonese comarca. It is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarazona.
Benjamin John Whishaw (born 14 October 1980) is an English actor. In 2004, he played the title role in an Old Vic production of "Hamlet", earning an Olivier Award nomination. On television, Whishaw has appeared in "Nathan Barley", "Criminal Justice", "The Hour", "London Spy", and "A Very English Scandal".
Danny Everett (born November 1, 1966) is an American former track and field athlete who competed in sprinting events, specializing in the 400 metres. He won bronze medals in the 400m at the 1988 Olympic Games and at the 1991 World Championships, and won gold medals in the 4 × 400 m relay at the 1987 World Championships and the 1988 Olympic Games. 
Serena was a noblewoman of the late Western Roman Empire. 
Harald Juhnke (10 June 1929 in Berlin-Charlottenburg – 1 April 2005 in Rüdersdorf near Berlin), actually "Harry Heinz Herbert Juhnke", was a well-known German actor, comedian and entertainer.
Megion  is a town in Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located at the altitude of above sea level, on the right bank of the Ob River, east of Khanty-Mansiysk and northeast of Tyumen. The area of the town is and the nearest airport is in Nizhnevartovsk . 
Werknesh Kidane (; born November 21, 1981), is an Ethiopian long distance runner from Tigray who competes in both 5000 and 10,000 metres. She has won numerous medals at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships and represented Ethiopia at the Summer Olympics in 2000, 2004 and 2012. She was the silver medallist at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics and a gold medallist at the 2003 IAAF World Cross Country Championships.
The Universidad del Norte de Santo Tomás de Aquino  is a Catholic university located in San Miguel de Tucumán, Tucumán province, Argentina.
Imperium Europa  is a far-right Maltese political party, founded in 2000 by Norman Lowell, who is also its leader. Its primary aim is to unite Europe into one political entity.
The Washington Office on Latin America  is a United States non-governmental organization  whose stated goal is to promote human rights, democracy, and social and economic justice in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Robert Martin Lee (born 1 February 1966 in West Ham, London) is an English retired footballer who played the majority of his career for Charlton Athletic and Newcastle United.
Patrick Hernandez (born 6 April 1949 in Le Blanc-Mesnil, Seine-Saint-Denis, France) is a French singer who had a worldwide hit with "Born to Be Alive" in 1979.
Murray  is a city situated on the Wasatch Front in the core of Salt Lake Valley in the U.S. state of Utah. Named for territorial governor Eli Murray, it is the state's fourteenth largest city. 
Moroni  is a city in Sanpete County, Utah, United States. The population was 1,280 at the 2000 census.
Richfield is a city in and the county seat of Sevier County, Utah, in the United States, and is the largest city in southern-central Utah.
Vernon is a town in southeastern Tooele County, Utah, United States.
Santaquin  is a city in Utah and Juab counties in the U.S. state of Utah. It is part of the Provo–Orem metropolitan area. 
New Harmony is a town in northern Washington County, Utah, United States. The population was 207 at the 2010 census.
Plain City is a city in Weber County, Utah, United States. The population was 5,476 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Ogden–Clearfield, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Hallwood is a town in Accomack County, Virginia, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 206.
Amherst  is a town in Amherst County, Virginia, United States. The population was 2,231 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Amherst County.
Port Royal is an incorporated town in Caroline County, Virginia, United States. The population was 126 at the 2010 census.
McKenney is an incorporated town in Dinwiddie County, Virginia, United States. The population was 483 at the 2010 census.
Pembroke  is a town in Giles County, Virginia, United States. The population was 1,128 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Blacksburg–Christiansburg–Radford Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Irvington is a town in Lancaster County, Virginia, United States. The population was 673 at the 2000 census and it is located on a peninsula of land known as the Northern Neck. It has been designated a historic district.
Mineral is a town in Louisa County, Virginia, United States. The population was 424 at the 2000 census.
Orange is a town in, and county seat of, Orange County, Virginia, United States. The population was 4,721 at the 2010 census, representing a 14.5% increase since the 2000 census. 
Dayton is a town in Rockingham County, Virginia, United States. The population is 1,530 as of the 2010 census. It is included in the Harrisonburg, Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Edinburg is a town in Shenandoah County, Virginia, United States. The population was 1,041 at the 2010 census.
Stony Creek is a town in Sussex County, Virginia, United States. The population was 198 at the 2010 census.
Rural Retreat is a town in Wythe County, Virginia, United States. The population was 1,483 at the 2010 census.
La Center is a town in Clark County, Washington, United States. The population was 2,800 at the 2010 census.
Waterville is a town in and the county seat of Douglas County, Washington, United States which is known for its wheat industry. It is part of the Wenatchee-East Wenatchee metropolitan area. 
Grand Coulee is a city in Grant County, Washington, United States. The population was 988 at the 2010 census.
Oakville is a city in Grays Harbor County, Washington, United States. It was incorporated in 1905, with booming lumber, railway, and farming industries creating the early foundation of the community. The population was 684 at the 2010 census.
Carnation is a city in King County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,786 at the 2010 census.
Normandy Park is a city in King County, Washington, United States. The population was 6,335 at the 2010 census.
Poulsbo  is a city on Liberty Bay in Kitsap County, Washington, United States. It is the smallest of the four cities in Kitsap County. The population was 9,200 at the 2010 census and an estimated 10,927 in 2018.
Napavine is a city in Lewis County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,988 at the 2010 census.
Conconully is a town in Okanogan County, Washington, United States. The population was 210 at the 2010 census.
Raymond is a city in Pacific County, Washington, United States. The population was 2,975 at the 2000 census and decreased 3.1% to 2,882 at the 2010 census. 
Gig Harbor is the name of both a bay on Puget Sound and a city on its shore in Pierce County, Washington, United States. The population was 7,126 at the 2010 census.
Burlington is a city in Skagit County, Washington, United States. The population is 8,388 as recorded by the 2010 census. It is roughly halfway in between Seattle and Vancouver, and is included in the Mount Vernon–Anacortes, Washington Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Mountlake Terrace is a suburban city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. It lies on the southern border of the county, adjacent to Shoreline and Lynnwood, and is to the north of Seattle. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 19,909 people.
Millwood is a city in Spokane County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,786 at the 2010 census. Millwood is a suburb of Spokane, and is surrounded on three sides by the city of Spokane Valley.
Bucoda is a town in Thurston County, Washington, United States. The population was 562 at the 2010 census.
Ferndale is a city in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. The population was 14,354 at the 2010 census. 
Rosalia is a town in Whitman County, Washington, United States It is an agricultural community in the Palouse region, at an elevation of 2238 feet (682 m) above sea level. Its population was 550 at the 2010 census.
Wapato is a town in Yakima County, Washington, United States. The population was 4,997 at the 2010 census.
Ansted is a town in Fayette County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. The population was 1,404 at the 2010 census. It is situated on high bluffs along U.S. Route 60 on a portion of the Midland Trail a National Scenic Byway near Hawk's Nest overlooking the New River far below.
Ronceverte is a city in Greenbrier County, West Virginia, United States, on the Greenbrier River. The population was 1,765 at the 2010 census.
West Milford is a town in Harrison County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 630 at the 2010 census.
Pratt is a town in Kanawha County, West Virginia, United States, along the Kanawha River. The population was 602 at the 2010 census.
Fairview is a town in Marion County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 408 at the 2010 census.
Leon is a town in Mason County, West Virginia, United States, along the Kanawha River. The population was 158 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Point Pleasant, WV–OH Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Bluefield is a city in Mercer County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 10,447 at the 2010 census. It is the core city of the Bluefield WV-VA micropolitan area, which has a population of 107,342.
Westover is a city in Monongalia County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 3,983 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Morgantown, WV Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Albright is a town and former coal town in Preston County, West Virginia, United States, along the Cheat River. The population was 299 at the 2010 census.
Winfield is a town in Putnam County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 2,301 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Putnam County.
Cairo  is a town in Ritchie County, West Virginia, United States, along West Virginia Route 31, the North Fork of the Hughes River, and the North Bend Rail Trail. The population was 281 at the 2010 census.
Buckhannon is the only incorporated city in, and the county seat of, Upshur County, West Virginia, United States, and is located along the Buckhannon River. The population was 5,639 at the 2010 census. 
Friendship is a village in Adams County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 725 at the 2010 census.
Glencoe is a town in Buffalo County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 485 at the 2010 census. The unincorporated community of Glencoe is located in the town.
Chippewa Falls is a city located on the Chippewa River in Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The most recent census from 2010 shows that the population is 13,661. Incorporated as a city in 1869, it is the county seat of Chippewa County.
Beaver is a town in Clark County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 885 at the 2010 census.
Lynn is a town in Clark County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 834 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Lynn is located in the town.
Fountain Prairie is a town in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 810 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Englewood is located in the town.
Rutland is a town in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,887 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Rutland and Stone are located in the town.
Shields is a town in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 554 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Richwood is located in the town. 
Empire is a town in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,620 at the 2000 census.
Little Grant is a town in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 257 at the 2000 census.
Hurley is a city in and the county seat of Iron County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,547 at the 2010 census. It is located directly across the Montreal River from Ironwood, Michigan.
New Diggings is a town in Lafayette County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 502 at the 2010 census, up from 473 in 2000. The unincorporated communities of Etna, Lead Mine, and New Diggings are located in the town.
Pembine is a town in Marinette County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,036 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Kremlin is located in the town, The census-designated place of Pembine is also located in the town.
Deer Creek is a town in Outagamie County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 682 at the 2000 census.
Sterling is a town in Polk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 724 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Cushing and Wolf Creek are located partially in the town.
Lima is a town in Rock County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,312 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Lima Center is located in the town.
Washington is a town in Sauk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 904 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Hill Point and Sandusky are located in the town.
Warren is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,320 at the 2000 census. The village of Roberts is located within the town.
Richmond is a town in Walworth County, Wisconsin, in the United States. As of the 2000 census, the town population was 1,835. The unincorporated communities of Lake Lorraine, Richmond, and Turtle Lake are located in the town.
Mukwa is a town in Waupaca County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,773 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Northport, Ostrander, and Shaw Landing are located in the town.
Rock River is a town in Albany County, Wyoming, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 245.
Sinclair is a town in Carbon County, Wyoming, United States.
Torrington is a city in, and the county seat of, Goshen County, Wyoming United States. The population was 6,501 at the 2010 census.
Cody is a city in Northwest Wyoming and the county seat of Park County, Wyoming, United States. It is named after Colonel William Frederick "Buffalo Bill" Cody for his part in the founding of Cody in 1896.
Jackson is a small city in the Jackson Hole valley of Teton County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 9,577 at the 2010 census, up from 8,647 in 2000. It is the county seat of Teton County and is its largest town.
Mitanni (; Hittite cuneiform
Siemens Nixdorf Informationssysteme, AG  was formed in 1990 by the merger of Nixdorf Computer and the Data Information Services  division of Siemens. 
Bahram IV , was the thirteenth king  of the Sasanian Empire from 388 to 399. He was the son and successor of Shapur III . 
Ecbatana  was an ancient city in Media in western Iran. It is believed that Ecbatana is in Hagmatana Hill , an archaeological mound in Hamedan.
Esri  is an international supplier of geographic information system  software, web GIS and geodatabase management applications. The company is headquartered in Redlands, California.
Charles-Marie Jean Albert Widor (21 February 1844 – 12 March 1937) was a French organist, composer and teacher, most notable for his ten organ symphonies.
Enrico De Nicola, (; 9 November 1877 – 1 October 1959) was an Italian jurist, journalist, politician, and provisional Head of State of republican Italy from 1946 to 1948. Afterwards, he became the first President of Italy on 1 January 1948.
Michael Psellos or Psellus  was a Byzantine Greek monk, savant, writer, philosopher, politician and historian. He was born in 1017 or 1018, and is believed to have died in 1078, although it has also been maintained that he remained alive until 1096.
Zeta  is a river in Montenegro. Its source is under the mountain Vojnik, and flows eastwards for until it flows into the river Morača just north of Podgorica. Its drainage basin area is .
Edward Arber (4 December 1836 – 23 November 1912) was an English scholar, writer, and editor. 
Kenneth "K. K." Downing Jr. (born 27 October 1951) is a retired British guitarist and songwriter, co-founder of the heavy metal band Judas Priest, and an author.
Richard Dean Anderson (born January 23, 1950) is an American actor and producer. He began his television career in 1976, playing Dr. Jeff Webber in the American soap-opera series "General Hospital", then rose to prominence as the lead actor in the television series "MacGyver" (1985–1992). 
James Ryan (6 December 1891 – 25 September 1970) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served as Minister for Finance from 1957 to 1965, Minister for Health from 1947 to 1948 and 1951 to 1954, Minister for Social Welfare from 1947 to 1948 and 1951 to 1954 and Minister for Agriculture from 1932 to 1947. He served as a Teachta Dála  for Wexford from 1918 to 1965.
Pierre Ambroise François Choderlos de Laclos (; 18 October 1741 – 5 September 1803) was a French novelist, official, freemason and army general, best known for writing the epistolary novel "Les Liaisons dangereuses"  (1782).
Bradley International Airport is a civil/military airport in Windsor Locks, Connecticut, United States. Owned and operated by the Connecticut Airport Authority, it is the second-largest airport in New England.
Washington Adventist University is a Seventh-day Adventist liberal arts university operating in Takoma Park, Maryland. Since 2008, when its new president Weymouth Spence announced a restructuring, the school has seen its enrollment increase by 50%.
Violeta Chamorro (, born Violeta Barrios Torres; 18 October 1929) is a Nicaraguan politician, former president and publisher, known for ending the Contra War, the final chapter of the Nicaraguan Revolution, and bringing peace to the country. She was the first and, to date, only woman to hold the position of president in Nicaragua.
Braxton Bragg (March 22, 1817 – September 27, 1876) was a senior officer of the Confederate States Army who was assigned to duty at Richmond, under direction of the President of the Confederate States of America, Jefferson Davis, and charged with the conduct of military operations of the armies of the Confederate States from February 24, 1864, until January 13, 1865, when he was charged with command and defense of Wilmington, North Carolina. He previously had command of an army in the Western Theater.
James Bryce, 1st Viscount Bryce, (10 May 1838 – 22 January 1922) was a British academic, jurist, historian and Liberal politician.
Wye is a mostly hilly village with a conservation area in Kent, England, centred from Canterbury, and is also the main village in the civil parish of Wye with Hinxhill. The population of the ward was 2,282 in 2011. 
Ysgyryd Fawr  is an easterly outlier of the Black Mountains in Wales, and forms the easternmost part of the Brecon Beacons National Park. The mountain is often referred to locally as just The Skirrid. 
Little Britain is a street in the City of London running from St. Martin's Le Grand in the east to West Smithfield in the west. It forms the northern boundary of St Bartholomew's Hospital and is situated in the Aldersgate and Farringdon Within wards. Postman's Park is also bounded by Little Britain.
Rudolf Gellesch (1 May 1914 in Gelsenkirchen - 20 August 1990) was a German football forward.
Aesthetic Perfection is an American electronic musical project created by Daniel Graves in 2000.
St. Rita School for the Deaf is an independent Roman Catholic school located in the village of Evendale, near Cincinnati, Ohio.
Karl Stotz (27 March 1927 – 4 April 2017) was an Austrian football player from Vienna.
Paide Linnameeskond is a football club based in Paide, Estonia, that competes in the Meistriliiga, the top flight of Estonian football. The club's home ground is Paide linnastaadion.
Katie Taylor (born 2 July 1986) is an Irish boxer and former footballer. In professional boxing she is currently the female lightweight undisputed world champion, having held the WBA title since 2017, the IBF title since 2018, the WBO title since March 2019 and the WBC title since June 2019. Following her victory over Delfine Persoon, she became one of only seven boxers in history, female or male, to hold all four major world titles in boxing—WBA, WBC, IBF and WBO—simultaneously, along with Bernard Hopkins(2004–2005), Jermain Taylor (2005), Cecilia Brækhus (2014–), Terence Crawford (2017), Oleksandr Usyk (2018–2019), and Claressa Shields (2019–). 
William "Billy Boy" Arnold (born September 16, 1935, Chicago, Illinois) is an American blues harmonica player, singer and songwriter.
Bangladesh University of Business and Technology  or BUBT is one of the eight private universities to receive the green Signal from the government, located in Mirpur, Dhaka, Bangladesh. The university was established under the Private University Act 1992. BUBT is regulated by the Bangladesh University Grants Commission .
WAIO, also known as "Radio 95.1", is a classic rock FM radio station in the Rochester region of upstate New York. The station is owned and operated by iHeartMedia. 
Virargues is a commune in the Cantal department in the Auvergne Region in south-central France.
Redcliffe Airport is an aerodrome serving Redcliffe in Moreton Bay Region, Queensland, Australia. It is located northwest of Redcliffe, in the suburb of Rothwell. The facility is owned and operated by Moreton Bay Regional Council, following the amalgamation of the Redcliffe City Council.
Tommaso Mocenigo (1343–1423) was "doge" of Venice from 1414 until his death.
The Communist Party of Ukraine , was the founding and ruling political party of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic operated as a republican branch  of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union . The CPU was the sole governing party was founded in 1918 as the "Communist Party  of Ukraine" until 1952, when it became the "Communist Party of Ukraine". 
Salomon de Bray (1597 – 11 May 1664) was a Dutch Golden Age architect and painter.
Bubenheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Bubenheim has an area of 2.94 km² and a population of 446 (as of December 31, 2006).
Marnheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
KYKR (95.1 FM, "Kicker 95.1") is a radio station broadcasting a Country format. Licensed to Beaumont, Texas, it serves the Beaumont/Port Arthur metropolitan area, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. The "Kicker" branding and country format were first broadcast on 93.3 FM  under the current call sign in 1980, owned and operated by Steve Hicks. Its studios are located southeast of the I-10/US 69 interchange in Beaumont, and its transmitter is located in Vidor, Texas.
The Jinnah University for Women   is a private research university in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It is an all-woman university and is the first women's university in the country.
Football Club Tartu Santos is an Estonian football club based in Tartu. Their home ground is Tartu Annelinna kunstmurustaadion.
Saint-Geours-de-Maremne is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Yvonne Meusburger (born 3 October 1983) is an Austrian retired professional tennis player.
Charles Bouvier (24 August 1898 – 1964) was a Swiss footballer and bobsledder. He won gold in the four-man bobsleigh at the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Cove Brook is a small brook that rises near Farnborough Airport in Farnborough, Hampshire, England and flows through Southwood Golf Course where it is joined by Marrow Brook and several other smaller streams. It runs north through Cove before joining the River Blackwater at Hawley Meadows near the M3 motorway. 
Sernhac is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Meynes is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
WHTU is an oldies and classic hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Big Island, Virginia, serving Lynchburg, Bedford, and Buena Vista in Virginia. WHTU is owned and operated by Todd P. Robinson, Inc.
The Western Cape province of South Africa is governed in a parliamentary system in which the people elect the Provincial Parliament, and the parliament elects the Premier as head of the executive. The Premier leads a cabinet of provincial ministers overseeing various executive departments. 
John I, Duke of Cleves, Count of Mark (16 February 1419 – 5 September 1481) was Duke of Cleves and Count of Mark.
Robert Alt (2 January 1927 – 4 December 2017) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the mid-1950s. He won a gold medal in the four-man event at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo. Alt also won a gold medal in the four-man event at the 1955 FIBT World Championships in St. Moritz.
Champagnac-la-Noaille  is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.
Allison Beth Adler (born May 30, 1967) is a Canadian / American television producer and writer. She is best known as the co-creator of "Supergirl", "The New Normal "and her work on "Chuck" and "Family Guy."
Reinhold Durnthaler  (29 November 1942 – 23 October 2017) was an Austrian bobsledder who competed in the 1960s. He won two silver medals in the four-man event at the 1964 and 1968 Winter Olympics.
Abakan International Airport  is an airport located in Abakan, Republic of Khakassia, Russia.
Charles Allen "Chuck" Ragan (born October 30, 1974) is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist. He is the guitarist and vocalist of the band Hot Water Music. 
Peter Utzschneider (born 6 March 1946) is a retired West German bobsledder who mostly competed as a brakeman together with Wolfgang Zimmerer. They competed at the 1968, 1972 and 1976 Winter Olympics and won three medals, with one gold (two-man in 1972), and two bronzes (four-man in 1972 and 1976).
Yacuiba Airport  is an airport north of Yacuiba, a city in the Tarija Department of Bolivia.
Lansbridge University was a state-approved and an accredited private, for-profit distance education university with offices in Fredericton, New Brunswick, and formerly in British Columbia. 
Ayrens is a commune in the Cantal department in the Auvergne region of south-central France.
RFK Novi Sad 1921 (Serbian Cyrillic: PФК Нови Сад 1921), usually abbreviated to just RFK Novi Sad, is professional football club from Novi Sad, Serbia, more precisely from the Detelinara urban neighborhood. The club currently playing in the Zone Leagues, the fourth tier in Serbia's football league system.
Communist Party of Khorezm was a political party in Khiva/Khorezm.
WLPA (1490 AM, "ESPN Radio 92.5/92.7") is a commercial AM radio station licensed to serve Lancaster, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Hall Communications and simulcasts the sports programming of sister station WONN-FM. 
Ingo Voge (born 14 February 1958 in Falkensee, GDR) is an East German bobsledder who competed during the 1980s. Competing in two Winter Olympics, he won two silver medals in the four-man event (1984, 1988).
Simone Bolelli (; born 8 October 1985) is an Italian professional tennis player. Bolelli is a Grand Slam champion since he won the 2015 Australian Open doubles event with Fabio Fognini, becoming the first all Italian men's pair to win a Grand Slam title in the Open Era.
Hasanuddin University  is one of the largest autonomous universities in Indonesia. It is located in Makassar, the capital of South Sulawesi province. 
Migennes is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Couchey is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department and region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The Peter the Great Gulf  is a gulf on the southern coast of Primorsky Krai, Russia, and the largest gulf of the Sea of Japan. The gulf extends for from the Russian-North Korean border at the mouth of the Tumen River in the west across to Cape Povorotny in the east, and its bays reach inland.
Beech Forest is a town in Victoria, Australia. The area of Beech Forest is largely used for potato farming.
Sir Joseph West Ridgeway, (16 May 1844 – 16 April 1930) was a British civil servant and colonial governor.
The Sierra Madre Oriental pine-oak forests are a subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion of northeastern and Central Mexico, extending into the state of Texas in the United States.
Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences  is a medical Institute under State Legislature Act, located in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh. It was established in 1983 and is named after Sanjay Gandhi.
Darren Lynn Bousman (; born January 11, 1979) is an American film director and screenwriter.
KDNW (97.3 FM, "Life 97.3") is a contemporary Christian music radio station located in Duluth, Minnesota, owned and operated by the University of Northwestern-St. Paul, a Christian college in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Saint-Ciers-Champagne is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
George Patrick Hughes (21 December 1902 – 8 May 1997) was an English tennis player.
WPEL-FM is a religious radio station in Montrose, Pennsylvania. It is a non-commercial, listener-supported radio station owned and operated by the Montrose Broadcasting Corporation, a non-profit organization founded by W. Douglas Roe.
Miami City Ballet is an American ballet company based in Miami Beach, Florida, led by artistic director Lourdes Lopez. MCB was founded in 1985 by Toby Lerner Ansin, a Miami philanthropist. Ansin and the founding board hired Edward Villella, former New York City Ballet principal dancer to be the founding artistic director.
The Tamsui River  is a river in northern Taiwan. It begins at the confluence of Xindian River and Dahan River at the western boundary of Taipei and New Taipei City, just north of Banqiao District, and flows northward and northwestward, passing the eponymous Tamsui District, then emptying into the Taiwan Strait. 
Joannette Kruger (born 3 September 1973) is a former professional tennis player from Johannesburg, South Africa. Her career high ranking is No. 
Melina Matsoukas (born January 14, 1981) is an American music video, film, commercial and television director. She is a two-time Grammy Award winner and four-time MTV Video Music Awards winner for her "We Found Love" and "Formation" music videos.
FK Srem  is a football club from Jakovo, a suburban neighborhood of Belgrade, Serbia. The club currently playing in the Serbian League Belgrade, ranked third competition in Serbia.
Taylor Carpenter-Phinney (born June 27, 1990) is an American professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . Phinney specializes in time trials on the road as well as the individual pursuit on the track, winning the world title in the discipline in 2009 and 2010.
Metaweb Technologies, Inc. was a San Francisco-based company that developed Freebase, described as an "open, shared database of the world's knowledge". The company was co-founded by Danny Hillis, Veda Hlubinka-Cook and John Giannandrea in 2005.
North Shore Weeklies Inc., based in Ipswich, Massachusetts, United States, was a newspaper publisher on Massachusetts' North Shore and one of the original subsidiaries of Community Newspaper Company , now the largest publisher of weeklies in Massachusetts.
Daniel Jeandupeux (born 7 February 1949) is a football manager and retired football Forward.
Concoules is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Branoux-les-Taillades is a commune in the Gard department in southern France, and in the region Occitanie.
Huma Mahmood Abedin (born July 28, 1976) is an American political staffer who was vice chair of Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign for President of the United States. Prior to that, Abedin was deputy chief of staff to Clinton, who was U.S. Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013. She was also the traveling chief of staff and former assistant for Clinton during Clinton's campaign for the Democratic nomination in the 2008 presidential election.
Arnac-Pompadour  is a commune in the Corrèze department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of central France.
Fudbalski Klub Crvenka   is a football club based in Crvenka, Serbia.
Armand de Las Cuevas (26 June 1968 – 2 August 2018) was a French racing cyclist.
The County of Conflent or Confluent  was one of the Catalan counties of the Marca Hispanica in the ninth century. Usually associated with the County of Cerdanya and the county of Razès, and was located to the west of Roussillon. 
Romain Grosjean (; born 17 April 1986) is a racing driver, currently racing for the Haas F1 Team. He races under the French flag in Formula One although he was born in Geneva and holds dual French-Swiss nationality.
Keele University Broadcasting Enterprise  is a student-run radio station and multimedia outlet at Keele University in Staffordshire, England and has been running officially since 1994. All the members of KUBE are students at Keele University and so are all volunteers.
Editura Curtea Veche  is a Romanian publishing house with a tradition in editing works of Romanian literature. After the Romanian Revolution of 1989, Curtea Veche started editing more foreign books, such as BBC reports or "The Complete Idiot's Guide to...". 
Saufley Field is a military airport and support facility located five nautical miles (9 km) west of the central business district of Pensacola, in Escambia County, Florida, United States.
Yvonne Jaqueline Strzechowski (born 30 July 1982), known professionally as Yvonne Strahovski , is an Australian actress. She is best known for her roles as CIA Agent Sarah Walker in the NBC spy drama series "Chuck" (2007–2012), Hannah McKay in the Showtime drama series "Dexter" (2012–2013), and CIA Agent Kate Morgan in the Fox event series "" (2014). 
SpVgg Ansbach is a German football club from the city of Ansbach, Bavaria.
Bormes-les-Mimosas is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Friends of the Urban Forest  is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco that plants and maintains trees within the city of San Francisco and its surroundings. 
CJLY-FM, known on-air as Kootenay Co-op Radio, is a Canadian community radio station, which broadcasts at 93.5 FM in Nelson, British Columbia. The station also has rebroadcasters on 96.5 FM in Crawford Bay and 107.5 FM in New Denver, and 101.5 in Slocan and Castlegar.
Les Ventes is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Normanville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Boncourt is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Fontaine-sous-Jouy is a commune in the Eure department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Poses is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in north-western France.
Fort-Moville is a commune in the Eure department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Incarville is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
Authevernes is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Tocqueville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Bouquelon is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Antena 3 is one of the three national radio channels produced by the Portuguese public broadcasting entity Rádio e Televisão de Portugal, the others being Antena 1 and Antena 2.
KESC (99.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station that is licensed to Morro Bay, California and broadcasts to the San Luis Obispo, California area. The station is owned by the University of Southern California  and rebroadcasts the classical music format of KUSC in Los Angeles.
The Levita Stadium is a football stadium in Kfar Saba, Israel. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Hapoel Kfar Saba and Beitar Kfar Saba.
KMLA (103.7 FM, "La M 103.7") is a commercial radio station that is licensed to El Rio, California, United States and serves the Oxnard-Ventura, California area. The station broadcasts a regional Mexican music format. 
Christine Louise of Oettingen-Oettingen (20 March 1671 in Oettingen – 3 September 1747 in Blankenberg) was Duchess of Brunswick-Lüneburg. She was the maternal grandmother of Holy Roman Empress Maria Theresa, Queen Elisabeth Christine of Prussia, Queen Juliane Marie of Denmark and Norway and Tsar Peter II of Russia; the maternal great-grandmother of Queen Marie Antoinette of France and Tsar Ivan VI of Russia; the maternal great-great-grandmother of King Leopold I of Belgium and King William I of the Netherlands and the maternal great-great-great-grandmother of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and her consort, Prince Albert.
Choi Soon-ho (Hangul:최순호; Hanja:崔淳鎬 ; born 10 January 1962 in Cheongju) is a South Korean football manager and former professional football player. He is known as one of the most prominent players in Korean football history.
Grozny Airport  is an airport in Chechen Republic, Russia located 7.5 km north of Grozny. 
Alette is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Annezin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Auchy-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in a Hauts-de-France region of France.
Avesnes-le-Comte  is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Bancourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Oscar Gatto (born 1 January 1985) is an Italian racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . His nickname is 'Oscar the Cat' because his surname  is the Italian word for "cat", and his first name is Oscar.
Barly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Bergueneuse is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Buire-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Beuvry is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Bus is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Boyelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Calonne-Ricouart is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Socialist Alternative  is a Trotskyist political party in Russia. It is affiliated to the Committee for a Workers' International. 
The National Library of Armenia ) is a national public library in Yerevan, Armenia. It was founded in 1832 as part of the state gymnasium-school of Yerevan. 
The Social Republican Party  or Socio-Republican Party  was a political party in Cambodia, founded by the then Head of State Lon Nol in June 1972 to contest the National Assembly Elections of the Khmer Republic held on September 3, 1972.
Isabel Marshal (9 October 1200 – 17 January 1240) was a medieval English countess. She was the wife of both Gilbert de Clare, 4th Earl of Hertford and 5th Earl of Gloucester and Richard, 1st Earl of Cornwall . With the former, she was a great grandmother of King Robert the Bruce of Scotland.
Grizzly Bay is a baylet of the San Francisco Bay which dips into Solano County, California and borders Suisun Bay. Grizzly Bay is home to many sloughs and wildlife areas in addition to the Fifth Reserve Fleet which is docked off the coast of Benicia.
Gil Stratton Jr. (June 2, 1922 – October 11, 2008) was an actor and sportscaster who was born in Brooklyn, New York. He most recently resided in Toluca Lake, California, until his death from congestive heart failure.
Charles Eames was an American designer, architect and film maker. In creative partnership with his spouse Ray Kaiser Eames he was responsible for groundbreaking contributions in the field of architecture, furniture design, industrial design, manufacturing and the photographic arts.
The Daugavpils International Airport  is located 12 km northeast of Daugavpils in village of Lociki, Naujene parish, Daugavpils Municipality, Latvia.
WFRB is a classic country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Frostburg, Maryland, United States.
The Seinel is a right tributary of the river Someș in Romania. It discharges into the Someș in Seini.
Hapoel Hadera–Giv'at Olga "Shulem Schwarz" F.C.  is an Israeli football club from Hadera.
Ensch is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Heddert is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Korlingen is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Naurath  is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Palzem is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Vierherrenborn is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Schleich is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Lichtenborn is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Astis  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Hisar is the administrative headquarters of Hisar district of Hisar division in the state of Haryana in northwestern India. It is located 164 km (102 mi) to the west of New Delhi, India's capital, and has been identified as a counter-magnet city for the National Capital Region to develop as an alternative center of growth to Delhi.
The Stort Navigation is the canalised section of the River Stort running from the town of Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire, downstream to its confluence with the Lee Navigation at Feildes Weir near Rye House, Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire.
Baron Detlev von Liliencron born Friedrich Adolf Axel Detlev Liliencron (June 3, 1844 in KielJuly 22, 1909) was a German lyric poet and novelist from Kiel.
The Puerto Rico Nationalist Party  is a Puerto Rican political party which was founded on September 17, 1922, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Its primary goal was to work for Puerto Rico's independence. 
Weis Markets, Inc. is a Mid-Atlantic food retailer based in Sunbury, Pennsylvania, It currently operates 206 stores with over 23,000 employees in Pennsylvania, Maryland, New York, New Jersey, West Virginia, Virginia, and Delaware. As of December 2017, The Weis family owns 65% of the company stock which has been listed on NYSE since 1965.
Diomansy Mehdi Moustapha Kamara (born 8 November 1980) is a former professional footballer who played as a striker. He played internationally for Senegal, whom he has represented at three Africa Cup of Nations.
Steven Brian Stone (born 20 August 1971) is an English former professional footballer who played as a right midfielder. He was part of the coaching staff at Newcastle United from July 2010 to June 2015 and is currently the U23 coach at Burnley.
Skeeter Davis (born Mary Frances Penick; December 30, 1931September 19, 2004) was an American country music singer who sang crossover pop music songs including 1962's "The End of the World". She started out as part of the Davis Sisters as a teenager in the late 1940s, eventually landing on RCA Victor. 
John Randolph Thune (; born January 7, 1961) is an American politician serving as the senior United States Senator from South Dakota, a seat he was first elected to in 2004. A member of the Republican Party, he previously served as the U.S. Representative for from 1997 to 2003.
Elmer Earl "Butch" Hartman IV (born January 10, 1965) is an American animator, voice actor, and YouTuber, best known for creating the Nicktoons "The Fairly OddParents", "Danny Phantom", "T.U.F.F. Puppy" and "Bunsen Is a Beast". Hartman also owns a production company, Billionfold Inc., which he uses primarily to produce his shows. 
Saint-Ouen-du-Mesnil-Oger is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Saint-Pierre-du-Mont is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Rachel Zawadi Luttrell (born 19 January 1971) is a Tanzanian-Canadian actress best known for her role as Teyla Emmagan, an Athosian warrior leader on "Stargate Atlantis".
Benjamin Biolay (; 20 January 1973) is a French singer, songwriter, musician, actor and record producer. He is the brother of singer Coralie Clément, whose two albums he wrote and produced, and the ex-husband of Chiara Mastroianni, the daughter of Catherine Deneuve and Marcello Mastroianni.
J.C. Bamford Excavators Limited, universally known as JCB, is a British multinational corporation, with headquarters in Rocester, Staffordshire, manufacturing equipment for construction, agriculture, waste handling and demolition. It produces over 300 types of machines, including diggers , excavators, tractors and diesel engines. 
Sister Elizabeth Barton (1506 – 20 April 1534), known as "The Nun of Kent", "The Holy Maid of London", "The Holy Maid of Kent" and later "The Mad Maid of Kent", was an English Catholic nun. She was executed as a result of her prophecies against the marriage of King Henry VIII of England to Anne Boleyn.
Michael Hayden Armacost (born April 15, 1937) is a fellow at Stanford University's Freeman Spogli Institute. He was the president of the Brookings Institution from 1995 to 2002.
Liscard is an area of the town of Wallasey, in the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, Merseyside, England. The most centrally located of Wallasey's townships, it is the main shopping area of the town, with many shops located in the Cherry Tree Shopping Centre. 
Sir Frederick Aloysius Weld (9 May 1823 – 20 July 1891), was a New Zealand politician and a governor of various British colonies. He was the sixth Premier of New Zealand, and later served as Governor of Western Australia, Governor of Tasmania, and Governor of the Straits Settlements.
Baldassare Longhena (1598 – 18 February 1682) was an Italian architect, who worked mainly in Venice, where he was one of the greatest exponents of Baroque architecture of the period.
Ireland  is an island in the North Atlantic. It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel, the Irish Sea, and St George's Channel. Ireland is the second-largest island of the British Isles, the third-largest in Europe, and the twentieth-largest on Earth.
Ikeda was a philosophy major and a member of the Democratic Youth League of Japan.
Live  is an American rock band from York, Pennsylvania, consisting of Ed Kowalczyk , Chad Taylor , Patrick Dahlheimer , and Chad Gracey .
James II (16 October 1430 – 3 August 1460) was a member of the House of Stewart who reigned as King of Scotland from 1437 until his death. 
Vasily Vasiliyevich (; 10 March 141527 March 1462), known as Vasily II the Blind , was the Grand Prince of Moscow whose long reign (1425–1462) was plagued by the greatest civil war of Old Russian history.
Gottfried Keller (19 July 1819 – 15 July 1890) was a Swiss poet and writer of German literature. Best known for his novel "Green Henry" , he became one of the most popular narrators of literary realism in the late 19th century.
Helena, or Saint Helena (Greek: Ἁγία Ἑλένη, "Hagía Helénē", ; c.246/248  – ), was an Empress of the Roman Empire, and mother of Emperor Constantine the Great. Born outside of the noble classes, a Greek, possibly in the Greek city of Drepana, Bithynia in Asia Minor, she became the of the future Roman Emperor Constantius Chlorus and the mother of the future Emperor Constantine the Great.
Edmund Bernard FitzAlan-Howard, 1st Viscount FitzAlan of Derwent (1 June 1855 – 18 May 1947), known as Lord Edmund Talbot between 1876 and 1921, was a British Conservative politician and the last Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. He was the first Roman Catholic to be appointed Lord Lieutenant of Ireland since the 17th century, holding office when Ireland was partitioned into Southern Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Carole King (born Carol Joan Klein, February 9, 1942) is an American singer-songwriter who has been active since 1958, initially as one of the staff songwriters at the Brill Building and later as a solo artist. She is the most successful female songwriter of the latter half of the 20th century in the US, having written or co-written 118 pop hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100 between 1955 and 1999. 
Valpovo is a town in Slavonia, Croatia. It is close to the Drava river in the region of Slavonia, northwest of Osijek. 
Lys Assia (born Rosa Mina Schärer; 3 March 1924 – 24 March 2018) was a Swiss singer who won the first Eurovision Song Contest in 1956. Assia was born in Rupperswil, Aargau, and began her stage career as a dancer, but changed to singing in 1940, after successfully standing in for a female singer.
Edward Vincent Bracken (February 7, 1915 – November 14, 2002) was an American actor. Bracken became a Hollywood comedy legend with lead performances in the films "Hail the Conquering Hero" and "The Miracle of Morgan's Creek" both in 1944, and both have been preserved by the National Film Registry. 
David Da-i Ho (; born November 3, 1952) is a Taiwanese-American medical doctor and HIV/AIDS researcher who was born in Taiwan and has made many innovative state of the art scientific contributions to the understanding and technological treatment of HIV infection. He is the scientific director and chief executive officer of the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center and the Irene Diamond Professor at Rockefeller University in New York City. 
Wolfsburg  is the fifth largest city in the German state of Lower Saxony. Located on the River Aller. It lies about east of Hanover and west of Berlin.
Shenandoah is a city in Fremont County and Page County, Iowa, United States. The population was 5,150 at the 2010 U.S. Census. 
Mitchellville is a city in Polk County and is partly in Jasper County in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 2,254 at the 2010 census.
Clearfield is a city in Taylor and Ringgold counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 363 at the 2010 census.
Manhattan is a city in northeastern Kansas in the United States at the junction of the Kansas River and Big Blue River. It is the county seat of Riley County, although it extends into Pottawatomie County. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 52,281.
Corinth is a home rule-class city mostly in Grant County with a small portion of land in Scott County in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The population was 232 as of the 2010 census, up from 181 at the 2000 census.
Tullos is a town in La Salle and Winn parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana, along Castor Creek. The population was 419 at the 2000 census.
Niles is a city in Berrien and Cass counties in the U.S. state of Michigan, near South Bend, Indiana. In 2010, the population was 11,600 according to the 2010 census. It is the larger, by population, of the two principal cities in the Niles-Benton Harbor Metropolitan Statistical Area, an area with 156,813 people.
North Mankato is a city in Nicollet and Blue Earth counties in the State of Minnesota. The population was 13,394 at the 2010 census.
Dennison is a city in Goodhue and Rice counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The population was 212 at the 2010 census. Most of Dennison is in Goodhue County, with only a small part that extends into Rice County.
Rothsay is a city in Otter Tail and Wilkin counties in the State of Minnesota. The population was 493 at the 2010 census. 
Lumberton is a city in Lamar and Pearl River counties, Mississippi. It is part of the Hattiesburg, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 2,228 at the 2000 census.
Vandalia is a city in northeastern Audrain and extending into southeastern Ralls Counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. The population was 3,899 at the 2010 census, which includes about 2000 prisoners incarcerated at the prison located within the City Limits.
Excelsior Springs is a city in Clay and Ray counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. The population was 11,084 at the 2010 census. It is located approximately northeast of central Kansas City, Missouri.
Bland is a city in Gasconade and Osage counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. The population was 539 at the 2010 census.
Foristell is a city in St. Charles and Warren counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. The population was 505 at the 2010 census.
Maiden is a town in Catawba and Lincoln counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The population was 3,310 at the 2010 census.
Broadway is a town in Lee County, North Carolina, United States. According to the 2010 Census, the population was 1,229.
Delphos is a city in Allen and Van Wert counties in the U.S. state of Ohio approximately 14 mi (23 km) northwest of Lima and 13 mi (21 km) east of Van Wert. The population was 7,101 at the 2010 census.
Dublin is a city in Franklin, Delaware, and Union counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 41,751 at the 2010 census. Dublin is a suburb of Columbus, Ohio.
Plain City is a village in Madison and Union counties in the U.S. state of Ohio, along Big Darby Creek. The population was 4,225 at the 2010 census.
Okarche is a town in Canadian and Kingfisher counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma, and a part of the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area. The population was 1,215 at the 2010 census, a 9.5 percent increase from 1,110 at the 2000 census.
Sand Springs is a city in Osage and Tulsa counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. A western suburb of Tulsa, it is located predominantly in Tulsa County. 
Clemson is a city in Pickens and Anderson counties in the U.S. state of South Carolina. Clemson is home to Clemson University; in 2015, the Princeton Review cited the town of Clemson as ranking #1 in the United States for "town-and-gown" relations with its resident university. 
Arlington is a city in Brookings and Kingsbury counties in the State of South Dakota. The population was 915 at the 2010 census.
Grand Junction is a city in Hardeman and Fayette counties, Tennessee, in the United States. The population was 325 at the 2010 census, and was estimated to be 303 in 2015.
Millersville is a city in Robertson and Sumner counties, Tennessee. The population was 5,308 at the 2000 census and 6,700 in 2015.
Uhland  is a city in Caldwell and Hays counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 1,014 at the 2010 census, up from 386 at the 2000 census. 
Sachse  is a city in Collin and Dallas counties in the U.S. state of Texas and is part of the DFW Metroplex. A northeastern suburb of Dallas, the city population was 20,329, as of the 2010 census with an estimated population of around 25,000 people today. Sachse is located off Texas State Highway 78 and is approximately north of the President George Bush Turnpike (Texas State Highway 190) and Firewheel Town Center.
Grand Prairie is a city in Dallas County, Tarrant County, and Ellis County, Texas, in the United States. It is part of the Mid-Cities region in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. It has a population of 175,396 according to the 2010 census, making it the fifteenth most populous city in the state.
Venus is a town in Johnson and Ellis counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 2,960 in 2010 (2,895 in Johnson and 65 in Ellis County).
Easton is a city in Gregg and Rusk counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 510 at the 2010 census.
Burleson  is a city in Johnson and Tarrant counties in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a suburb of Fort Worth. 
Tatum is a city in Panola and Rusk counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 1,385 at the 2010 census.
Pamplin City is a town in Appomattox and Prince Edward counties in the U.S. state of Virginia. The population was 219 at the 2010 census.
Bothell  is a city in King and Snohomish counties in the U.S. state of Washington. It is part of the Seattle metropolitan area. 
Frannie is a town in Big Horn and Park counties in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The population was 157 at the 2010 census.
Pieter van Vollenhoven Jr. (born 30 April 1939) is the husband of Princess Margriet of the Netherlands and a member, by marriage, of the Dutch Royal House.
The River Avon is an English river in the south west of the country. To distinguish it from a number of other rivers of the same name, this river is often also known as the Bristol Avon. 
T-Mobile  is the brand name used by the mobile communications subsidiaries of the German telecommunications company Deutsche Telekom AG. The brand is active in the Czech Republic , the Netherlands , Poland , and the United States .
Robert Barclay (23 December 16483 October 1690) was a Scottish Quaker, one of the most eminent writers belonging to the Religious Society of Friends and a member of the Clan Barclay. He was also governor of the East Jersey colony in North America through most of the 1680s, although he himself never resided in the colony.
Meridian Hills is a community in Washington Township, Marion County, Indiana, about six and a half miles north of downtown Indianapolis and slightly southwest of the neighboring community of Williams Creek. It had a population of 1,616 at the 2010 census.
Rothwell is a market town in the south-east of the City of Leeds metropolitan borough in West Yorkshire, England. It is situated between Leeds and Wakefield.
Huddersfield is a large market and university town in West Yorkshire, England. It is the 11th largest town in the United Kingdom, with a population of 162,949 at the 2011 census. It lies southwest of Leeds and northeast of Manchester.
William James Perry (born October 11, 1927) is an American mathematician, engineer, and businessman who was the United States Secretary of Defense from February 3, 1994, to January 23, 1997, under President Bill Clinton. He also served as Deputy Secretary of Defense (1993–1994) and Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering (1977–1981).
Kim Dae-jung, or Kim Dae Jung (; 6 January 192418 August 2009), was a South Korean politician who served as President of South Korea from 1998 to 2003. He was a 2000 Nobel Peace Prize recipient, the only Korean Nobel Prize recipient in history. He was sometimes referred to as the "Nelson Mandela of South Korea".
Robert Smithson (January 2, 1938 – July 20, 1973) was an American artist known for sculpture and land art who often used drawing and photography in relation to the spatial arts. His work has been internationally exhibited in galleries and museums and is held in public collections including the Museum of Modern Art, New York, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York, the Tate Modern, London, the 
Daniel Jacob Radcliffe (born 23 July 1989) is an English actor and producer. He is known for playing the titular protagonist in the "Harry Potter" film series, based on the novels by J. K. Rowling.
Haxby is a town and civil parish in the unitary authority of City of York, on the River Foss, five miles (8 km) north of York and south of Strensall, in North Yorkshire, England. Historically part of the North Riding of Yorkshire, Haxby is bordered on the east by the River Foss, and to the west by the village of Wigginton, whose expansion has caused the two settlements to form a continuous urban environment. To the south is the garden village of New Earswick and the York Outer Ring Road (A1237) with the open farmland to the north as far as the villages of Sutton-on-the-Forest and Strensall.
Thomas Bradwardine (c. 1300 – 26 August 1349) was an English cleric, scholar, mathematician, physicist, courtier and, very briefly, Archbishop of Canterbury. As a celebrated scholastic philosopher and doctor of theology, he is often called Doctor Profundus .
Los Temerarios are a Mexican Grupera band from Fresnillo, Zacatecas started in 1978 by brothers Adolfo Angel and Gustavo Angel and their cousin Fernando Angel. During their early years they were known as "Conjunto La Brisa".
Timothy Dalton (; born Timothy Leonard Dalton Leggett; 21 March 1946) is a British actor. He is best known for portraying James Bond in "The Living Daylights" (1987) and "Licence to Kill" (1989), as well as Mr. Rochester in "Jane Eyre" (1983), Rhett Butler in the television miniseries "Scarlett" (1994), and Simon Skinner in "Hot Fuzz" (2007).
Air Malta plc is the flag carrier airline of Malta, with its headquarters in Luqa and its hub at Malta International Airport. It operates services to destinations in Europe, the Middle East and North Africa.
William Broderick Crawford (December 9, 1911 – April 26, 1986) was an American stage, film, radio, and television actor, often cast in tough-guy roles and best known for his Oscar and Golden Globe-winning portrayal of Willie Stark in "All the King's Men" (1949) and for his starring role as Dan Mathews in the television series "Highway Patrol" (1955–1959).
Christy Carlson Romano (born March 20, 1984) is an American actress, comedian, voice actress and singer. She is known for her role as Ren Stevens in the Disney Channel sitcom "Even Stevens", and as the voice of the titular character in the Disney Channel animated series "Kim Possible."
William Redington Hewlett ( ; May 20, 1913 – January 12, 2001) was an American engineer and the co-founder, with David Packard, of the Hewlett-Packard Company .
Tadley is a town and civil parish in the English county of Hampshire.
Jean-Louis Xavier Trintignant (; born 11 December 1930) is a retired French actor. He won the Best Actor Award at the 1969 Cannes Film Festival as well as the Best Actor Award at the César Awards 2013.
Otto Stich (10 January 1927 – 13 September 2012) was a Swiss politician.
Nello Celio (12 February 1914 – 29 December 1995) was a Swiss politician representing Canton Ticino.
Edmund Schulthess (2 March 1868 – 22 April 1944) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1912-1935).
The French East India Company  was a commercial Imperial enterprise, founded in 1664 to compete with the English  and Dutch East India companies in the East Indies.
Ernst Nobs (14 July 1886, Seedorf, Bern – 15 March 1957) was a Swiss politician.
Jon Lech Johansen (born November 18, 1983 in Harstad, Norway), also known as DVD Jon, is a Norwegian programmer who has worked on reverse engineering data formats.
Walther Stampfli (3 December 1884 in Büren, Solothurn – 11 October 1965) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1940–1947).
Stonehaven  is a town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It lies on Scotland's northeast coast and had a population of 11,602 at the 2011 Census.
Ferdinand I (2 June 1423 – 25 January 1494), also called Ferrante, was the King of Naples from 1458 to 1494. He was the son of Alfonso V of Aragon and his mistress, Giraldona Carlino.
The Svitava  is a river in the Pardubice and South Moravian regions of the Czech Republic. The Svitava rises near Svitavy, passes through Blansko, and flows into the Svratka in the Moravian city of Brno. It is long, and its basin area is .
Prunella Margaret Scales ("née" Illingworth; born 22 June 1932) is an English actress best known for her role as Basil Fawlty's wife Sybil in the BBC comedy "Fawlty Towers" and her BAFTA award-nominated role as Queen Elizabeth II in "A Question of Attribution" ("Screen One", BBC 1991) by Alan Bennett.
William Courtenay ( 1342 – 31 July 1396) was Archbishop of Canterbury, having previously been Bishop of Hereford and Bishop of London.
Dennis Gabor ; ; 5 June 1900 – 9 February 1979) was a Hungarian-British electrical engineer and physicist, most notable for inventing holography, for which he later received the 1971 Nobel Prize in Physics.
38 Special (sometimes stylized as .38 Special) is an American rock band that was formed by neighborhood friends Don Barnes and Donnie Van Zant in 1974 in Jacksonville, Florida.
Thomas Bruce, 7th Earl of Elgin and 11th Earl of Kincardine (; 20 July 176614 November 1841) was a Scottish nobleman, soldier, politician and diplomat, known primarily for the removal of marble sculptures  from the Parthenon in Athens.
Johnny Marr (born John Martin Maher; 31 October 1963) is an English musician, songwriter and singer, best known as the guitarist and – with Morrissey – co-songwriter of the Smiths, who were active from 1982 to 1987.
Thomas Carlyle Ford (known as Tom Ford, born August 27, 1961) is an American fashion designer, film director, screenwriter, and film producer. He launched his eponymous luxury brand in 2006, having previously served as the Creative Director at luxury fashion houses Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent. Ford also directed the Academy Award-nominated films "A Single Man" (2009) and "Nocturnal Animals" (2016).
Abe was born into an ex"-samurai" family in Kanazawa city, Ishikawa Prefecture. His brother-in-law was Imperial Japanese Navy admiral Shigeyoshi Inoue.
HammerFall is a Swedish heavy metal band from Gothenburg, Sweden. The band was formed in 1993 by ex-Ceremonial Oath guitarist Oscar Dronjak.
Carl Bosch (27 August 1874 – 26 April 1940) was a German chemist and engineer and Nobel Laureate in Chemistry. He was a pioneer in the field of high-pressure industrial chemistry and founder of IG Farben, at one point the world's largest chemical company.
Ottavio Farnese (9 October 1524 – 18 September 1586) reigned as Duke of Parma and Piacenza from 1547 until his death and Duke of Castro from 1545 to 1547 and from 1553 until his death.
Wavre  is a city and municipality in the Belgian province of Walloon Brabant, of which it is the capital.
Guided by Voices  is an American indie rock band formed in 1983 in Dayton, Ohio. It has made frequent personnel changes but always maintained the presence of principal songwriter Robert Pollard, who founded the group with guitarists Mitch Mitchell, Tobin Sprout, Jim Pollard, and drummer Kevin Fennell. 
Messancy  is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg. On 1 January 2007 the municipality, which covers 52.43 km², had 7,466 inhabitants, giving a population density of 142.4 inhabitants per km².
John Couch Adams (; 5 June 1819 – 21 January 1892) was a British mathematician and astronomer. He was born in Laneast, near Launceston, Cornwall, and died in Cambridge.
The Souhegan River is a tributary of the Merrimack River in the northeastern United States. It is long with a drainage area of and flows north and east through southern New Hampshire to the Merrimack River.
David Fraser Nolan (; November 23, 1943 – November 21, 2010) was an American activist and politician. He was one of the founders of the Libertarian Party of the United States, having hosted the meeting in 1971 at which the Party was founded. 
Procol Harum  are an English rock band formed in 1967. Their best-known recording is the 1967 hit single "A Whiter Shade of Pale", one of the few singles to have sold over 10 million copies. 
Albert Henry George Grey, 4th Earl Grey (28 November 185129 August 1917) was a British nobleman and politician who served as Governor General of Canada, the ninth since Canadian Confederation. He was a radical Liberal aristocrat, founder of the Society of Apostles, and Aricles Club and a member of a string of liberal high society clubs in London. 
The Glenn L. Martin Company was an American aircraft and aerospace manufacturing company founded by aviation pioneer Glenn L. Martin. The Martin Company produced many important aircraft for the defense of the US and allies, especially during World War II and the Cold War. 
John Rhys-Davies (born 5 May 1944) is a Welsh actor, voice actor and producer, known for his portrayal of Gimli and the voice of Treebeard in the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy and Sallah in the "Indiana Jones" films. He also played Michael Malone in the 1993 remake of the 1950s television series "The Untouchables", Vasco Rodrigues in the mini-series "Shōgun", Professor Maximillian Arturo in "Sliders", King Richard I in "Robin of Sherwood", General Leonid Pushkin in the James Bond film "The Living Daylights", and Macro in "I, Claudius". 
Subotica  is a city and the administrative center of the North Bačka District in the autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia. Formerly the largest city of Vojvodina region, contemporary Subotica is now the second largest city in the province, following the city of Novi Sad. 
William John Paul Gallagher (born 21 September 1972) is an English singer and songwriter. He rose to fame as the lead singer of the rock band Oasis, and later served as the singer of Beady Eye, before performing as a solo artist after the dissolution of both bands. 
Saskatoon  is the largest city in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It straddles a bend in the South Saskatchewan River in the central region of the province. It is located along the Trans-Canada Yellowhead Highway, and has served as the cultural and economic hub of central Saskatchewan since it was founded in 1882 as a Temperance colony. 
Chatham-Kent (2016 population 101,647) is a single-tier municipality in Southwestern Ontario, Canada. Mostly rural, its population centres are Chatham, Wallaceburg, Tilbury, Blenheim, Ridgetown, Wheatley and Dresden. The current Municipality of Chatham-Kent was created in 1998 by the merger of Kent County and its municipalities.
Newton Leroy Gingrich (; né McPherson, June 17, 1943) is an American politician, author, and historian who served as the 50th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1995 to 1999. A member of the Republican Party, he was the U.S. Representative for Georgia's 6th congressional district from 1979 until his resignation in 1999. In 2012, Gingrich was a candidate for the presidential nomination of his party.
The Coors Brewing Company is a regional division of the world's third-largest brewing company, the Molson Coors Brewing Company. Coors operates a brewery in Golden, Colorado, that is the largest single brewery facility in the world.
Isabella Mary Beeton (' Mayson; 14 March 1836 – 6 February 1865), known as Mrs Beeton"', was an English journalist, editor and writer. Her name is particularly associated with her first book, the 1861 work "Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management". 
Tiger Army is an American psychobilly band based in Los Angeles, California. The group was formed in 1996 in Berkeley, California, and its only constant member and lead songwriter is singer/guitarist Nick 13. 
Kiyomori was born in Japan, in 1118 as the first son of Taira no Tadamori. His mother Gion no Nyōgo was a palace servant based from "The Tale of the Heike". Kiyomori was the son of Emperor Shirakawa with Gion no Nyogo who was given to Tadamori.
Remscheid  is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is, after Wuppertal and Solingen, the third largest municipality in Bergisches Land, being located on the northern edge of the region, on the south side of the Ruhr area.
Heinrich Friedrich Wilhelm Gesenius (3 February 1786 – 23 October 1842) was a German orientalist, Lutheran, and Biblical critic. He is credited, among other things, with the reconstructed pronunciation of the Tetragrammaton, "Yahweh."
Gladys George (September 13, 1904 – December 8, 1954) was an American actress of stage and screen.
Lourdes  is a small market town lying in the foothills of the Pyrenees. It is part of the Hautes-Pyrénées department in the Occitanie region in south-western France. 
Solingen  is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is located on the northern edge of the region called Bergisches Land, south of the Ruhr area, and, with a 2009 population of 161,366, is after Wuppertal the second largest city in the Bergisches Land. It is a member of the regional authority of the Rhineland.
Delia Ann Derbyshire (5 May 1937 – 3 July 2001) was an English musician and composer of electronic music. She is best known for her pioneering work with the BBC Radiophonic Workshop during the 1960s, particularly her popular electronic arrangement of the theme music to the British science-fiction television series "Doctor Who". She has been referred to as "the unsung heroine of British electronic music," having influenced musicians including Aphex Twin, the Chemical Brothers and Paul Hartnoll of Orbital.
Eyvind Johnson (29 July 1900 – 25 August 1976) was a Swedish novelist and short story writer. Regarded as the most groundbreaking novelist in modern Swedish literature he became a member of the Swedish Academy in 1957 and shared the Nobel Prize in Literature with Harry Martinson in 1974 with the citation: "for a narrative art, far-seeing in lands and ages, in the service of freedom".
The New Orleans Rhythm Kings  were one of the most influential jazz bands of the early to mid-1920s. The band included New Orleans and Chicago musicians who helped shape Chicago jazz and influenced many younger jazz musicians.
Otto Wallach (27 March 1847 – 26 February 1931) was a German chemist and recipient of the 1910 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on alicyclic compounds.
Gusev , previously known by its German name , is a town and the administrative center of Gusevsky District of Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Pissa and Krasnaya Rivers, near the border with Poland and Lithuania, east of Chernyakhovsk. Population: 
The Tumen River, also known as the Tuman River or Duman River , is a long river that serves as part of the boundary between China, North Korea and Russia, rising on the slopes of Mount Paektu and flowing into Sea of Japan. The river has a drainage basin of 33,800 km (13,050 sq mi).
Random House is an American book publisher and the largest general-interest paperback publisher in the world. 
Borken is a town and the capital of the district of the same name, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Adelbert von Chamisso (30 January 178121 August 1838) was a German poet and botanist, author of "Peter Schlemihl", a famous story about a man who sold his shadow. He was commonly known in French as Adelbert de Chamisso de Boncourt, a name referring to the family estate at Boncourt.
Empress Gi (or Empress Ki; ; 1315–1369/70), known as Empress Qi  in Chinese and Öljei Khutuk  in Mongolian, was one of the primary empresses of Toghon Temür of the Yuan dynasty and the mother of Biligtü Khan. She was originally from an aristocratic family of Goryeo, present-day Korea, and came to Yuan as an imperial concubine of Toghon Temür.
Edward Moore "Ted" Kennedy (February 22, 1932 – August 25, 2009) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Senator from Massachusetts for almost 47 years, from 1962 until his death in 2009. A member of the Democratic Party and the Kennedy political family, he was the second most senior member of the Senate when he died and is the third-longest-continuously-serving senator in United States history. 
The town is on the lower river Inn below its confluence with the Salzach, where it forms the border with the German state of Bavaria, halfway on the road between the state capital Linz and the Bavarian capital Munich, about north of Salzburg. Braunau is connected by bridges over the Inn with its Bavarian counterpart Simbach am Inn. 
June Foray (born June Lucille Forer; September 18, 1917 – July 26, 2017) was an American voice actress who was best known as the voice of such animated characters as Rocky the Flying Squirrel, Lucifer from Disney's "Cinderella", Cindy Lou Who, Jokey Smurf, Granny from the Warner Bros. cartoons directed by Friz Freleng, Grammi Gummi from "Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears" series, and Magica De Spell, among many others.
Canary Wharf is a commercial estate on the northern side of the Isle of Dogs in London, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It is one of the main financial centres of the United Kingdom, along with the City of London, and contains many of Europe's tallest buildings, including the second-tallest in the UK, One Canada Square.
Ellen Burstyn (born Edna Rae Gillooly; December 7, 1932) is an American actress best known for her roles in films of the 1970s, such as "The Last Picture Show", "The Exorcist", and "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore", for which she won an Academy Award.
His influences include Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, Murasaki Shikibu and Fyodor Dostoyevsky. While Dazai continues to be widely celebrated in Japan, he remains relatively unknown elsewhere with only a handful of his works available in English.
The Grand Junction Railway  was an early railway company in the United Kingdom, which existed between 1833 and 1846 when it was amalgamated with other railways to form the London and North Western Railway. The line built by the company was the first trunk railway to be completed in England, and arguably the world's first long-distance railway with steam traction.
Kevin Rowland (born 17 August 1953) is an English singer-songwriter of Irish descent and frontman for the pop band Dexys Midnight Runners , which had several hits in the early 1980s, the most notable being "Geno" and "Come On Eileen", both of which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart.
Svante Nilsson (1460 – 2 January 1512) was a Swedish statesman and regent of Sweden from 1504 – 2 January 1512.
Jonatha Brooke (born January 23, 1964) is an American folk rock singer-songwriter and guitarist from Massachusetts.
Johann Weikhard Freiherr von Valvasor or Johann Weichard Freiherr von Valvasor  or simply Valvasor (baptised on 28 May 1641 – September or October 1693) was a natural historian and polymath from Carniola, present-day Slovenia, and a fellow of the Royal Society in London. 
Bryan Keith "Dexter" Holland (born December 29, 1965) is an American musician and molecular biologist, best known as the lead singer, rhythm guitarist, and primary songwriter for the punk rock band The Offspring.
Anthony Collins (21 June 1676 O.S.13 December 1729 O.S.) was an English philosopher, and a proponent of deism.
John Drake Sloat (July 6, 1781 – November 28, 1867) was a commodore in the United States Navy who, in 1846, claimed California for the United States.
Alfred Leslie Rowse (4 December 1903 – 3 October 1997) was a British author and historian from Cornwall.
Australian Airlines was a full-service airline based in Australia, servicing Australian and Asian destinations between 2002 and 2006. It was an all-economy, full-service international leisure carrier, and was a wholly owned subsidiary of Qantas, . Its main base was at Cairns International Airport, with a secondary hub at Sydney Airport.
The Eifel  is a low mountain range in western Germany and eastern Belgium. It occupies parts of southwestern North Rhine-Westphalia, northwestern Rhineland-Palatinate and the southern area of the German-speaking Community of Belgium.
Maria Gloria Macaraeg Macapagal-Arroyo (born April 5, 1947) is a Filipino professor and politician who was the 14th President of the Philippines from 2001 until 2010. She recently held the position of the Speaker of the House of Representatives of the Philippines, making her the first woman to hold the position from 2018 until 2019 before her retirement.
Joachim Camerarius (April 12, 1500 – April 17, 1574), the Elder, was a German classical scholar.
Bolzano  is the capital city of the province of South Tyrol in northern Italy. With a population of 107,436, Bolzano is also by far the largest city in South Tyrol and the third largest in Tyrol. 
The Sieg is a river in North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is a right tributary of the Rhine.
Mark-Anthony Turnage CBE (born 10 June 1960) is an English composer of classical music.
Shaw Brothers  Ltd.  was the largest film production company of Hong Kong.
Valentina Vladimirovna Tereshkova (; born 6 March 1937) is a member of the Russian State Duma, engineer, and former cosmonaut. She is the first and youngest woman to have flown in space with a solo mission on the Vostok 6 on 16 June 1963. 
Cornelius Jansen (, ; Latinized name Cornelius Jansenius; also Corneille Janssens; 28 October 1585 – 6 May 1638) was the Dutch Catholic bishop of Ypres in Flanders and the father of a theological movement known as Jansenism.
William Auld (6 November 1924 – 11 September 2006) was a Scottish poet, author, translator and magazine editor who wrote chiefly in Esperanto. 
, also referred to as , is one of the Japan Railways Group  companies and operates in western Honshu. It has its headquarters in Kita-ku, Osaka.
Julia Creek Airport is an airport in Julia Creek, Queensland, Australia.
Bourke Airport is an airport located north of Bourke, New South Wales, Australia. The airport was opened for access in 1943 as a base for World War II. 
The Macau Football Association Development  is a Macanese football team which currently competes in the Liga de Elite. The club is run by the Macau Football Association and only fields under-23 players.
Tales of Terror was a Sacramento hardcore punk band which was active from 1982 until 1986. Some, including Kurt Cobain and Mark Arm, cite Tales of Terror as a key inspiration for the then-burgeoning grunge scene.
Maningrida Airport is an airport serving Maningrida, Northern Territory, Australia. It is operated by Maningrida Council Inc.
Villexavier is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Mount Gambier Airport is an airport in the Limestone Coast, South Australia.
Alison Nicole Mosshart (born November 23, 1978) is an American singer, songwriter, artist, and the lead vocalist for the rock band The Kills and blues rock band The Dead Weather. She started her musical career in 1995 with the Florida punk rock band Discount which disbanded in 2000. She then co-founded The Kills with British guitarist Jamie Hince  in 2000 in London.
Insomniac Press is a Canadian independent book publisher.
The Maritime Museum  in Stockholm, Sweden is a museum for naval history, merchant shipping and shipbuilding. Located in the Gärdet section of the inner-city district Östermalm, the museum offers a panoramic view of the bay Djurgårdsbrunnsviken. The building was designed by architect Ragnar Östberg and built in 1933–36.
Chalautre-la-Petite is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
The National Center for Research Resources  was a center within the National Institutes of Health a United States government agency. NCRR provided funding to laboratory scientists and researchers for facilities and tools in the goal of curing and treating diseases.
The Turin City Museum of Ancient Art  is a museum located in the Palazzo Madama palace, in Turin, Italy. 
West Wyalong Airport is an airport located south West Wyalong, New South Wales, Australia. The airport is operated by the Bland Shire Council.
Association Française de Normalisation  is the French national organization for standardization and its International Organization for Standardization member body.
Aurora University  was a preeminent Catholic university in Shanghai from 1903 to 1952.
Young and Restless  were a band from Canberra, Australia.
Richland Airport is a public airport located two miles (3 km) northwest of the central business district of Richland, a city in Benton County, Washington, United States. It is owned by the Port of Benton.
The Kingdom of Libya , called the United Kingdom of Libya until 1963, came into existence upon independence on 24 December 1951 and lasted until a coup d'état led by Muammar Gaddafi on 1 September 1969 overthrew King Idris and established the Libyan Arab Republic.
Torrox is a municipality in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia southern Spain. It belongs to the "comarca" of Axarquía. It is located in the Costa del Sol , on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea and the foothills of the Sierra de Almijara.
Senmonorom  is the capital of Mondulkiri Province, Cambodia. It is the only major town in the province of Mondulkiri. 
Thies Christophersen (27 January 1918 in Kiel – 13 February 1997 in Molfsee), a farmer by upbringing, was a prominent German Holocaust denier.
The Russian Party in Estonia  was a minor political party in Estonia.
Equality California or EQCA is a non-profit civil rights organization that advocates for the rights of LGBT people in California. It is the largest statewide LGBT organization in the United States and the largest member of the Equality Federation. The organization is currently based in Los Angeles.
Bora Bora Airport , also known as Motu Mute Airport, is an airport serving the island of Bora Bora in French Polynesia. It is located on the islet of Motu Mute.
Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries Co., Ltd.  is the world's 4th largest shipbuilder and produces approximately 40 vessels per year. Its yard is located in Samho-eup, Yeongam, South Korea.
Emma of Altdorf, also known as Hemma ( – 31 January 876), a member of the Elder House of Welf, was Queen consort of East Francia by marriage to King Louis the German, from 843 until her death.
Borongan Airport  is an airport serving the general area of Borongan, the capital of the province of Eastern Samar, located in the province of Eastern Samar in the Philippines. It is classified as a community airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, an attached agency of the Department of Transportation that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.
Carina is a locality situated in the Sunraysia region on the Mallee Highway and Pinnaroo railway line. It is situated about 10 kilometres east from Panitya and 14 kilometres west from Murrayville.
Thornton Hibs Football Club are a Scottish Junior football club based in Thornton, Fife. Their home ground is Memorial Park and the team colours are green and white. They currently play in the East Region Super League
KKPL (99.9 FM, 99-9 The Point) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States, the station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
Giddaluru is a census town in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the mandal headquarters of Giddaluru mandal in Markapur revenue division.
Circa  is a progressive rock supergroup founded by four musicians associated with Yes: current Yes member Alan White , former Yes member Tony Kaye , current Yes member Billy Sherwood , and guitarist Jimmy Haun, who played on the Yes album "Union".
John D. Anderson Jr. (born October 1, 1937) is the Curator of Aerodynamics at the National Air and Space Museum at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC and Professor Emeritus in the Department of Aerospace Engineering at the University of Maryland, College Park.
Paul John Maskey (born 10 June 1967) is an Irish republican politician in Northern Ireland who is a member of Sinn Féin. He served as a Sinn Féin member  of the Northern Ireland Assembly for Belfast West from 2007 to 2012. 
Progressive Democratic Party of Afghanistan  is a political party in Afghanistan, founded in 1966. It was led by Mohammad Hashim Maiwandwal, who was prime minister from 1965-1967.
Tora Berger (born 18 March 1981) is a retired Norwegian biathlete and Olympic champion.
Ellen Osiier (August 13, 1890 – September 6, 1962) was a Danish foil fencer.
VfB Germania Halberstadt is a German football club from Halberstadt in Saxony-Anhalt.
A Day to Remember  is an American rock band from Ocala, Florida, founded in the spring of 2003 by guitarist Tom Denney and drummer Bobby Scruggs. They are known for their unusual amalgamation of metalcore and pop punk. 
Carl Wunsch was the Cecil and Ida Green Professor of Physical Oceanography at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, until he retired in 2013. He is known for his early work in internal waves and more recently for research into the effects of ocean circulation on climate.
Saera Tithi Khan (born 23 April 1979 in Oslo) is a Bangladeshi-Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Turton Football Club is a football club based in Edgworth, in the North Turton district of Blackburn with Darwen, Lancashire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Thomason Fold. The club are affiliated to the Lancashire Football Association.
Whakatane Airport is an airport serving the town of Whakatane and surrounding tourist attractions  in New Zealand.
Mark Edward Rubinstein (June 8, 1944 – May 9, 2019) was a leading financial economist and financial engineer. He was Professor of Finance at the Haas School of Business of the University of California, Berkeley.
Cape Hooker is the south-eastern point of Low Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. The feature was roughly charted by nineteenth century sealers; it was further charted by Commander Henry Foster in 1829 but shown as the north-eastern point of the island. 
The Innocents are a power pop band formed in Hobart, Tasmania in 1975. Featuring singer/songwriters David Minchin, Charles Touber, Greg Cracknell, and drummer Brent "Beep" Jeffrey, The Innocents—originally called Beathoven—are one of only two Tasmanian bands to ever have Australian chart success (the other being MEO 245).
Burgrieden  is a municipality in the district of Biberach in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Stetten is a town in the district of Bodensee in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Lenzkirch is a municipality in the Black Forest. It lies in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
KTIK-FM (93.1 FM) is a commercial radio station located in New Plymouth, Idaho, broadcasting to the Boise, Idaho area. KTIK-FM airs a sports format branded as "93.1 The Ticket" and is under ownership of Cumulus Media.
Altbach is a municipality in the district of Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.
Neidlingen is a municipality in the district of Esslingen, in Baden-Württemberg, in southern Germany. It is overlooked by Reussenstein Castle.
WCSN-LD, channel 32, is the strongest omni directional low-power television station in Columbus, Ohio owned by Columbus TV, LLC.
KBSU-FM (90.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Boise, Idaho. The station is owned by Boise State University, and is the flagship affiliate of Boise State Public Radio's "Music" network.
Wolpertshausen is a town in the district of Schwäbisch Hall in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Wurmlingen is a municipality in the district of Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Todtmoos is a village in the district of Waldshut in the southern part of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Petersaurach is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany.
Isle of Wight Radio  is an independent local radio station in Newport on the Isle of Wight. The station began transmitting from Briddlesford Farm AM transmitter on 15 April 1990. 
Azerat is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. The A89 motorway passes by the village.
The Palaeontological Museum in Germany , is a German national natural history museum located in the city of Munich, Bavaria. It is associated with the Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität. 
Vanua Lava Airport , also known as Sola Airport, is an airport near Sola on the island of Vanua Lava, one of the Banks Islands in the Torba province in Vanuatu.
Henry Bate or Hendrik Baten  a.k.a. Henricus Batenus  (24 March 1246 in Mechelen – after 1310 in Tongerloo) was a Flemish philosopher, theologian, astronomer, astrologer, poet, and musician.
Wald is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.
IFK Sundsvall is a Swedish football club located in Sundsvall. The club was formed on 22 February 1895.
NLT  was an American boy band whose members were Travis Garland, Kevin McHale, Justin Joseph "JJ" Thorne, and Vahe "V" Sevani. They were discovered by Chris Stokes, who signed them to his TUG Entertainment label in 2006.
Henri Jaspar (28 July 1870 – 15 February 1939) was a Belgian Catholic Party politician.
Gerry Sorensen (born October 15, 1958) is a Canadian former female alpine skier.
KHTE-FM is a commercial urban contemporary radio station licensed in England, Arkansas, United States, broadcasting to the Little Rock, Arkansas, area on 96.5 FM. KHTE-FM is currently branded as "96.5 The Box". The station's studios are located in West Little Rock, and the transmitter tower is in Redfield, Arkansas.
Lawrence Beesley (31 December 1877 – 14 February 1967) was an English science teacher, journalist and author who was a survivor of the sinking of .
La Chapelle-Rablais is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
The Buckinghamshire Building Society was founded in 1907 in Chalfont St Giles by a group of local businessmen as the Chalfont & District Permanent Building Society. It was renamed the Buckinghamshire in 1961. 
Noelle Pikus-Pace (born December 8, 1982) is a retired American skeleton racer who began her career in 2001. She won five medals at the FIBT World Championships, competed in the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, and won the silver medal in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Fay Kanin (née Mitchell; May 9, 1917March 27, 2013) was an American screenwriter, playwright and producer. Kanin was President of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences from 1979 to 1983.
Sainte-Orse is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. The church of Saint Ursus  dates from the 11th-12th century. 
Otto Truchsess von Waldburg (26 February 1514 – 2 April 1573) was Prince-Bishop of Augsburg from 1543 until his death and a Cardinal of the Catholic Church.
Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences , centered in Bangalore, India, is a public, affiliating university set up in 1996 by the government of Karnataka, India, for the regulation and promotion of higher education in health sciences throughout the state of Karnataka. RGUHS is a member of Association of Commonwealth Universities, UK.
EuroJet Turbo GmbH is a multi-national consortium, the partner companies of which are Rolls Royce of the United Kingdom, Avio of Italy, ITP of Spain and MTU Aero Engines of Germany. It is based in Hallbergmoos near Munich.
Bad Steben is a market town in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany. In 2007, Bad Steben celebrated its 175th anniversary as a Bavarian State Spa.
Henk Houwaart (born August 31, 1945) is a Dutch football manager and a former football player.
The Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes  is an Argentine art museum in Buenos Aires, located in the Recoleta section of the city. The Museum inaugurated a branch in Neuquén in 2004.
Vagif Javadov (; born 25 May 1989) is an Azerbaijani footballer who currently plays as a striker He was voted Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year in 2009.
Neufahrn i. NB or Neufahrn in Niederbayern is a municipality in the district of Landshut in Bavaria in Germany. Its Bavarian name is "Neifing".
Jayavarman VI  was king of the Khmer Empire from about 1080 to 1107 AD.
Crookes is a suburb of the City of Sheffield, England, about west of the city centre. It borders Broomhill to the south, Walkley and Crookesmoor to the east and open countryside around the River Rivelin to the north. 
Gourdon  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France. Gourdon offers magnificent panoramic views.
Cabo Rojo Airport  is a Caribbean coastal airport in the Dominican Republic southeast of Pedernales, a port city on the border with Haiti. The airport offers domestic flights to destinations within the Dominican Republic.
Herbert Weir Smyth (August 8, 1857 – July 16, 1937) was an American classical scholar. His comprehensive grammar of Ancient Greek has become a standard reference on the subject in English, comparable to that of William Watson Goodwin, whom he succeeded as Eliott Professor of Greek Literature at Harvard University.
KLDJ (101.7 FM, "Kool 101.7") is a radio station in Duluth, Minnesota, owned by Townsquare Media, airing a classic hits music format.
Xert  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Sellent  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Dazhou Heshi Airport  is an airport serving Dazhou, Sichuan province, China. It used to be called Daxian Airport.
David Alexander Vogan, Jr. (born September 8, 1954) is a mathematician at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who works on unitary representations of simple Lie groups. 
Neill Island, officially Shaheed Island, is an island of the Andaman Islands, located in Ritchie's Archipelago. It belongs to the South Andaman administrative district, part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
Lingnan  is a geographic area referring to the lands in the south of the Nanling Mountains. The region covers the modern Chinese provinces of Guangdong, Guangxi, and Hainan as well as modern northern Vietnam.
Pearse Daniel Doherty (born 6 July 1977) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician who has been a Teachta Dála  for the Donegal constituency since the 2016 general election. He previously sat as a TD for Donegal South-West from 2010 to 2016. He was a Senator elected by the Agricultural Panel from 2007 to 2010.
Ahmed Faras  (born 7 December 1946 in Mohammedia) is a former Moroccan striker. He was named African Footballer of the Year in 1975, and spent all of his playing career with his native Chabab Mohammédia.
The Coronas are an Irish rock band that originated in Dublin. They release their music through their own independent record label, 3ú Records, and are based between Dublin and London. 
Dock Sud is a town of Avellaneda County  in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It forms part of the urban agglomeration of Greater Buenos Aires.
The Benemérita Universidad Autónoma de Puebla   is the oldest and largest university in Puebla, Mexico. Founded on 15 April 1578 as Colegio del Espíritu Santo, the school was sponsored by the Society of Jesus during most of the Spanish colonial era before turning into a public college in 1825 and eventually into a public university in 1937. 
Wiesent is a municipality in the district of Regensburg in Bavaria in Germany.
Bernau am Chiemsee is a municipality in the district of Rosenheim in Bavaria in Germany, on the Lake Chiemsee.
Janis Darlene Martin (March 27, 1940 – September 3, 2007) was an American rockabilly and country music singer. She was one of the few women working in the male-dominated rock and roll music field during the 1950s and one of country music's early female innovators. 
Talladega Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located eight nautical miles (9.2 mi, 14.8 km) northeast of the central business district of Talladega, a city in Talladega County, Alabama, adjacent to Talladega Superspeedway in the city of Lincoln. It is included in the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Marcus Becker (born 11 September 1981 in Merseburg) is a German slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1996 to 2011. He won a silver medal in the C2 event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
Karl Franz Friedrich Chrysander (July 8, 1826 – September 3, 1901) was a German music historian, critic and publisher, whose edition of the works of George Frideric Handel and authoritative writings on many other composers established him as a pioneer of 19th-century musicology.
Sara Brita Stridsberg (born 29 August 1972 in Solna, Stockholm County) is a Swedish author and translator. Her first novel, "Happy Sally" was about Sally Bauer, who in 1939 had become the first Scandinavian woman to swim the English Channel.
The Only Ones are an English rock band, formed in London in 1976 and originally disbanded in 1982. They were associated with punk rock, yet straddled the musical territory in between punk, power pop and hard rock, with noticeable influences from psychedelia.
Arthur Leonard Schawlow (May 5, 1921 – April 28, 1999) was an American physicist and co-inventor of the laser with Charles Townes. His central insight, which Townes overlooked, was the use of two mirrors as the resonant cavity to take maser action from microwaves to visible wavelengths. He shared the 1981 Nobel Prize in Physics with Nicolaas Bloembergen and Kai Siegbahn for his work using lasers to determine atomic energy levels with great precision.
Acer Inc.  is a Taiwanese multinational hardware and electronics corporation, specializing in advanced electronics technology, headquartered in Xizhi, New Taipei City, Taiwan. Acer's products include desktop PCs, laptop PCs (clamshells, 2-in-1s, convertibles and Chromebooks), tablets, servers, storage devices, virtual reality devices, displays, smartphones and peripherals.
Essaouira , formerly known as Mogador, is a city in the western Moroccan economic region of Marrakesh-Safi, on the Atlantic coast. 
Francis Gwynne Tudor (29 January 1866 – 10 January 1922) was an Australian politician who served as the leader of the Australian Labor Party from 1916 until his death. He had previously been a government minister under Andrew Fisher and Billy Hughes.
Engineering and Research Corporation  was started by Henry Berliner in 1930. Berliner was the son of Emile Berliner, who had patented numerous inventions relating to sound and acoustics, and pioneer of helicopter development with the experimental Berliner Helicopter.
The Innocence Project is a non-profit legal organization that is committed to exonerating wrongly convicted people through the use of DNA testing and to reforming the criminal justice system to prevent future injustice. The group cites various studies estimating that in the United States, between 2.3 and 5% of all prisoners are innocent. The Innocence Project was founded in 1992 by Barry Scheck and Peter Neufeld.
Helen Dale (born Helen Darville; 24 January 1972), known for a time by her pen name Helen Demidenko, is an Australian writer and lawyer. She served as a senior adviser to David Leyonhjelm, a Liberal Democrat member of the Australian Senate, from 2014 through to the election in 2016. 
Girvan  is a burgh in Carrick, South Ayrshire, Scotland. Girvan is situated on the east coast of the Firth of Clyde, with a population of about 6,700. It lies south of Ayr, and north of Stranraer, the main ferry port from Scotland to Northern Ireland.
The River Clwyd  is a river in Wales that rises in the Clocaenog Forest  northwest of Corwen. 
Julia Boggs Grant ("née" Dent; January 26, 1826 – December 14, 1902), was the First Lady of the United States and wife of Ulysses S. Grant. Her time as First Lady marked a turning point in her life, when she became a national figure.
Foula , located in the Shetland archipelago of Scotland, is one of the United Kingdom’s most remote permanently inhabited islands. Owned since the turn of the 20th century by the Holbourn family, the island was the location for the film "The Edge of the World". 
Auchel  is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
The Republican Party of Albania  is a national-conservative political party in Albania. It currently holds no seats in the Parliament of Albania.
Khalid bin Abdulaziz Al Saud ( ""; 13 February 1913 13 June 1982) was King of Saudi Arabia from 1975 to 1982. His reign saw both huge developments in the country due to increase in oil revenues and significant events in the Middle East.
The Five Keys was an American rhythm and blues vocal group that was instrumental in shaping this genre in the 1950s.
Jean Louis Barthou (; 25 August 1862 – 9 October 1934) was a French politician of the Third Republic who served as Prime Minister of France for eight months in 1913. In social policy, Barthou's time as Prime Minister saw the introduction (in July 1913) of allowances to families with children.
Johann Friedrich Gmelin (8 August 1748 – 1 November 1804) was a German naturalist, botanist, entomologist, herpetologist, and malacologist.
Princess Olga of Greece and Denmark (, Serbian Cyrillic: "Кнегиња Олга Карађорђевић"; 11 June 1903 – 16 October 1997) was a granddaughter of King George I of Greece and wife of Prince Paul, Regent of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
The Movement of Socialist Democrats  is a political party in Tunisia.
The Democratic Party was a political party of South Korea, formerly called the Millennium Democratic Party , it changed its name to the present form on May 6, 2005.
Mary, Princess Royal (Mary Henrietta; 4 November 1631 – 24 December 1660) was Princess of Orange and Countess of Nassau by marriage to Prince William II, and co-regent for her son during his minority as Sovereign Prince of Orange from 1651 to 1660.
Philip Miller FRS (1691 – 18 December 1771) was an English botanist of Scottish descent.
Mohammad Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai (Pashto/; born 19 May 1949) is an Afghan politician and current president of Afghanistan, elected on 21 September 2014. An anthropologist by education, he previously served as finance minister and the chancellor of Kabul University.
Milford is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States, on the Souhegan River. The population was 15,115 at the 2010 census. It is the retail and manufacturing center of a six-town area known informally as the Souhegan Valley.
Wartenberg is a community in the Vogelsbergkreis in Hesse, Germany.
General Courtney Hicks Hodges (January 5, 1887 – January 16, 1966) was a decorated senior officer of the United States Army, most prominent for his role in World War II, in which he commanded the U.S. First Army in the Western Europe Campaign. In his career Hodges was a notable "mustang" officer, rising from private to general.
Croisilles is a village and commune in the Pas-de-Calais department of the Hauts-de-France region of France.
The Patriotic Salvation Movement  is the ruling political party in Chad.
Leo Joseph Ryan Jr. (May 5, 1925November 18, 1978) was an American teacher and politician. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the U.S. Representative from California's 11th congressional district from 1973 until his assassination as part of the Jonestown massacre in 1978.
Eric Allin Cornell (born December 19, 1961) is an American physicist who, along with Carl E. Wieman, was able to synthesize the first Bose–Einstein condensate in 1995. For their efforts, Cornell, Wieman, and Wolfgang Ketterle shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2001.
Robert Laurel Crippen (born September 11, 1937) is an American retired naval officer and aviator, test pilot, aerospace engineer, and retired astronaut. He traveled into space four times: as Pilot of STS-1 in April 1981, the first Space Shuttle mission; and as Commander of STS-7 in June 1983, STS-41-C in April 1984, and STS-41-G in October 1984. Crippen received the Congressional Space Medal of Honor.
Thornaby-on-Tees is a royal charter town, civil parish and former borough in North Yorkshire, England. Historically part of the North Riding of Yorkshire, Thornaby is situated on the south bank of the River Tees, directly south-east of Stockton-on-Tees and southwest of Middlesbrough. 
Vanessa-Mae  (born 27 October 1978) also called Vanessa-Mae Vanakorn Nicholson, is a British violinist with album sales reaching several million, having made her the wealthiest entertainer under 30 in the United Kingdom in 2006. She competed under the name Vanessa Vanakorn  for Thailand in alpine skiing at the 2014 Winter Olympics. 
Michael Newbold Castle (born July 2, 1939) is an American attorney and politician who was Governor of Delaware (1985–92) and the U.S. Representative for (1993–2011). He is a member of the Republican Party.
Inveraray  is a town in Argyll and Bute, Scotland. It is on the western shore of Loch Fyne, near its head, and on the A83 road. It is a former royal burgh, the traditional county town of Argyll, and ancestral home to the Duke of Argyll.
The Front for a Country in Solidarity  was a political coalition in Argentina. It was formed in 1994 out of the Broad Front , which had been founded mainly by progressive members of the Peronist Justicialist Party who denounced the policies and the alleged corruption of the Carlos Menem administration; the Frente joined with other dissenting Peronists, the Unidad Socialista  and several other leftist parties and individuals. Its leading figures were José Octavio Bordón, Carlos "Chacho" Álvarez and Graciela Fernández Meijide.
Focus Features LLC is an American film production and distribution company, owned by Comcast through Universal Pictures, a division of its wholly owned subsidiary NBCUniversal. Focus Features distributes independent and foreign films in the United States and internationally.
Amy Louise Sedaris (; born March 29, 1961) is an American actress, comedian and writer known for voicing the character Princess Carolyn in the Netflix animated series "BoJack Horseman". She regularly collaborates with her older brother David, a humorist and author. Previously, Sedaris played Jerri Blank in the Comedy Central television series "Strangers with Candy".
John de Lancie is an American actor, director, producer, writer, and voice artist, best known for his role as Q in "" (1987–94), and the voice of the similar in "" (2010–present).
The Jamaica Labour Party  is one of the two major political parties in Jamaica, the other being the People's National Party . While its name might suggest that it is a social democratic party , the JLP is actually a conservative party. 
The United Democratic Party  is one of the two major political parties in Belize. It is the ruling party, having won the 2008, 2012 and 2015 general elections. 
Dampier is a major industrial port in the Pilbara region in the northwest of Western Australia. It is located near the city of Karratha and Port Walcott.
Sergei Donatovich Dovlatov-Mechik (; September 3, 1941 in Ufa, RSFSR, USSR – August 24, 1990 in New York City) was a Russian journalist and writer of Armenian and Jewish origin. Internationally, he is one of the most popular Russian writers of the late 20th century.
Susan Carol Alpert Davis (born April 13, 1944) is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 2001. She is a member of the Democratic Party. The district includes central and eastern portions of the city of San Diego, as well as eastern suburbs such as El Cajon, La Mesa, Spring Valley, and Lemon Grove.
Thomas Gerard Tancredo (; born December 20, 1945) is an American politician from Colorado, who represented the state's sixth congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2009 as a Republican. He ran for President of the United States during the 2008 election, and was the Constitution Party's unsuccessful nominee for Governor of Colorado in 2010.
Nancy Lee Johnson (born January 5, 1935) is a former American politician from the state of Connecticut. Johnson was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1983 to 2007, representing first the 6th district and later the 5th District of Connecticut following the elimination of the 6th district. 
Ahmed Ben Bella ( ""; 25 December 1916 – 11 April 2012) was an Algerian politician, socialist soldier and revolutionary who was the first President of Algeria from 1963 to 1965.
Friedrich Richard Rudolf Schlechter (16 October 1872 – 16 November 1925) was a German taxonomist, botanist, and author of several works on orchids.
James Edmund Caan (born March 26, 1940) is an American actor. After early roles in "The Glory Guys" (1965), for which he received a Golden Globe nomination, "El Dorado" (1967), and "The Rain People" (1969), he came to prominence in the 1970s with significant roles in films such as "Brian's Song" (1971), "Cinderella Liberty" (1973), "The Gambler" (1974), "Freebie and the Bean" (1974), "Rollerball" (1975), "Funny Lady" (1975), "A Bridge Too Far" (1977) and "Chapter Two" (1979). For his signature role in "The Godfather" (1972), that of hot-tempered Sonny Corleone, Caan was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and the corresponding Golden Globe.
David Joseph Weldon (born August 31, 1953, Amityville, New York) is an American politician and physician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives, representing , and was an unsuccessful candidate for the Republican nomination in Florida's 2012 U.S. Senate race.
John Rea Neill (November 12, 1877 – September 19, 1943) was a magazine and children's book illustrator primarily known for illustrating more than forty stories set in the Land of Oz, including L. Frank Baum's, Ruth Plumly Thompson's, and three of his own. His pen-and-ink drawings have become identified almost exclusively with the Oz series. 
John Robert Lewis (born February 21, 1940) is an American politician and civil rights leader. He is the U.S. Representative for , serving in his 17th term in the House, having served since 1987, and is the dean of the Georgia congressional delegation. His district includes the northern three-fourths of Atlanta.
David Albert Scott (born June 27, 1945) is the U.S. Representative for , serving since 2003. The district includes the southern fourth of Atlanta, as well as several of its suburbs to the south and west. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Avery Brundage (; September 28, 1887 – May 8, 1975) was the fifth President of the International Olympic Committee , serving from 1952 to 1972. The only American to attain that position, Brundage is remembered as a zealous advocate of amateurism and for his involvement with the 1936 and 1972 Summer Olympics, both held in Germany.
Sir Henry Cooper (3 May 19341 May 2011) was a British heavyweight boxer. Cooper held the British, Commonwealth, and European heavyweight titles several times throughout his career, and unsuccessfully challenged Muhammad Ali for the world heavyweight championship in 1966.
Bonaventura Francesco Cavalieri (; 1598 – 30 November 1647) was an Italian mathematician and a Jesuate. He is known for his work on the problems of optics and motion, work on indivisibles, the precursors of infinitesimal calculus, and the introduction of logarithms to Italy. Cavalieri's principle in geometry partially anticipated integral calculus. 
Rita Moreno (born December 11, 1931) is a Puerto Rican actress, dancer and singer. Her career has spanned over 70 years; among her notable acting work are supporting roles in the musical films "The King and I" and "West Side Story", as well as a 1971–77 stint on the children's television series "The Electric Company", and a supporting role on the 1997–2003 TV drama "Oz".
New York Bay is the collective term for the marine areas surrounding the river mouth of the Hudson River into the Atlantic Ocean, in New Jersey and New York City.
The Party for Bosnia and Herzegovina  is a Bosniak nationalist political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina led by Amer Jerlagić.
Johannes Carsten Hauch (12 May 1790 – 4 March 1872) was a Danish poet.
Thomas Clarke, (born 10 January 1941) is a British Labour Party politician who was a Member of Parliament  from 1982 until 2015, representing Coatbridge, Chryston and Bellshill from 2005 until losing his seat to Philip Boswell of the SNP in the May 2015 general election.
David John Denzil Davies (9 October 1938 – 10 October 2018) was a British Labour politician. He served for 35 years as the Member of Parliament  for Llanelli from 1970 to 2005, and was a member of the Privy Council.
Saint Elizabeth of Hungary, T.O.S.F. (, ; 7 July 1207 – 17 November 1231), also known as Saint Elizabeth of Thuringia or Saint Elisabeth of Thuringia, was a princess of the Kingdom of Hungary, Landgravine of Thuringia, Germany, and a greatly venerated Catholic saint who was an early member of the Third Order of St. Francis, by which she is honored as its patroness.
Oona Tamsyn King, Baroness King of Bow (born 22 October 1967) is a British Labour politician and former chief diversity officer of Channel 4.
Adam Paterson Ingram (born 1 February 1947) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament  for East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow from 1987 to 2010.
Corey Todd Taylor (born December 8th, 1973) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, actor and author who is best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist of the bands Slipknot and Stone Sour.
Paul Kenneth Burstow (born 13 May 1962) was a British politician who served as the Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament for Sutton and Cheam for 18 years, from 1997 to 2015.
Joyce Gwendolen Quin, Baroness Quin, PC (born 26 November 1944) is a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
John Martin McDonnell (born 8 September 1951) is a British politician serving as the Member of Parliament  for Hayes and Harlington since 1997. A member of the Labour Party, he has been Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer since 2015.
Lytham St Annes  is a seaside resort on the Fylde coast of Lancashire, England, south of Blackpool on the Ribble Estuary. The population at the 2011 census was 42,954.
Florence Mabel Harding ("née" Kling; August 15, 1860 – November 21, 1924) was the First Lady of the United States from 1921 to 1923 as the wife of President Warren G. Harding.
Michelle Gildernew (born 28 March 1970) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician from County Tyrone. She has been the Member of Parliament  for Fermanagh and South Tyrone since June 2017.
The Shanghai Museum is a museum of ancient Chinese art, situated on the People's Square in the Huangpu District of Shanghai, China. Rebuilt at its current location in 1996, it is considered one of China's first world-class modern museums.
New College of Florida is a public liberal arts honors college in Sarasota, Florida. It was founded as a private institution and is now an autonomous college of the State University System of Florida. 
Letitia Tyler ("née" Christian; November 12, 1790 – September 10, 1842), first wife of John Tyler, was the First Lady of the United States from 1841 until her death in 1842.
David James Fletcher Hunt, Baron Hunt of Wirral MBE PC, (born 21 May 1942), is a British Conservative politician, and was a member of the Cabinet during the Margaret Thatcher and John Major administrations, while also being appointed to serve on the Privy Council in 1990.
Christopher Patrick Coleman, OBE (born 10 June 1970) is a Welsh professional football manager and former player who last coached Hebei China Fortune.
Richard E. Roeper is an American columnist and film critic for "The Chicago Sun-Times". He co-hosted the television series "At the Movies" with Roger Ebert from 2000 to 2008, as Gene Siskel's successor. From 2010 until 2014 he co-hosted "The Roe and Roeper Show" with Roe Conn on WLS-AM.
Maida Vale  is an affluent residential district comprising the northern part of Paddington in west London, west of St John's Wood and south of Kilburn. It is part of the City of Westminster.
David Terence Puttnam, Baron Puttnam, (born 25 February 1941) is a British film producer and educator. His productions include "Chariots of Fire", which won the Academy Award for Best Picture. He sits on the Labour benches in the House of Lords, although he is not principally a politician.
Jonathan Peter Evans FRSA (born 2 June 1950) is a former Welsh Conservative Party politician and Chairman of the Welsh Conservative Party.
John Victor Evans Sr. (January 18, 1925 – July 8, 2014) was an American politician from Idaho. A member of the Democratic Party, he was the state's 27th governor and was in office for nearly ten years, from 1977 to 1987.
August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben (; 2 April 179819 January 1874) was a German poet. He is best known for writing "Das Lied der Deutschen", its third stanza now being the national anthem of Germany, and a number of popular children's songs, considered part of the Young Germany movement.
Rod Blagojevich (, born December 10, 1956) is an American former politician who served as the 40th Governor of Illinois from 2003 until his impeachment, conviction, and removal from office in 2009.
Arsk  is a town and the administrative center of Arsky District in the Tatarstan, Russia, located on the Kazanka River, from the republic's capital of Kazan. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 18,114.
The Santa Rosa Mountains are a short mountain range in the Peninsular Ranges system, located east of the Los Angeles Basin and northeast of the San Diego metropolitan area of southern California, in the southwestern United States.
The Argentine Senate  is the upper house of the National Congress of Argentina.
Simon van der Meer (24 November 19254 March 2011) was a Dutch particle accelerator physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1984 with Carlo Rubbia for contributions to the CERN project which led to the discovery of the W and Z particles, two of the most fundamental constituents of matter.
Anna Elżbieta Fotyga née Kawecka (born 12 January 1957 in Lębork) is a Polish politician and Member of the European Parliament from Poland. She has served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Poland, in the successive cabinets of Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz and Jarosław Kaczyński from (2006-2007) and Chief of the Chancellery of the President (2007-2008).
Walther Franz Anton von Dyck (6 December 1856 in Munich – 5 November 1934 in Munich), born Dyck and later ennobled, was a German mathematician. He is credited with being the first to define a mathematical group, in the modern sense in . 
Perdido River, historically Rio Perdido (1763), is a river in the U.S. states of Alabama and Florida; the Perdido, a designated Outstanding Florida Waters river, forms part of the boundary between the two states along nearly its entire length and drains into the Gulf of Mexico. During the early 19th century it played a central role in a series of rotating boundary changes and disputes among France, Spain, Great Britain, and the United States.
Featherstone is a town and civil parish in the City of Wakefield in West Yorkshire, England, two miles south-west of Pontefract. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, in 2011, it had a population of 15,244.
Paul Andrew Dever (January 15, 1903April 11, 1958) was an American Democratic politician from Boston, Massachusetts. He served as the 58th Governor of Massachusetts and was its youngest-ever Attorney General.
The Trinity River  is a major river in northwestern California in the United States, and is the principal tributary of the Klamath River. The Trinity flows for through the Klamath Mountains and Coast Ranges, with a watershed area of nearly in Trinity and Humboldt Counties. Designated a National Wild and Scenic River, along most of its course the Trinity flows swiftly through tight canyons and mountain meadows.
Alberto Lleras Camargo (3 July 1906 – 4 January 1990) was the 20th President of Colombia (1958–1962), and the 1st Secretary General of the Organization of American States (1948–1954). A journalist and liberal party politician, he also served as Minister of Government, Minister of Foreign Affairs, and as Minister of National Education in the administrations of President Alfonso López Pumarejo. 
Ion Mihai Pacepa (; born 28 October 1928) is a former three-star general in the Securitate, the secret police of Communist Romania, who defected to the United States in July 1978 following President Jimmy Carter's approval of his request for political asylum. He is the highest-ranking defector from the former Eastern Bloc. 
Francesco Maria Grimaldi (2 April 1618 – 28 December 1663) was an Italian Jesuit priest, mathematician and physicist who taught at the Jesuit college in Bologna. He was born in Bologna to Paride Grimaldi and Anna Cattani.
George Benjamin Luks (August 13, 1867 – October 29, 1933) was an American realist artist, painter, comics artist and illustrator. His vigorously painted genre paintings of urban subjects are examples of the Ashcan School of American art.
Christian Ulf Wilhelmsson (; born 8 December 1979), nicknamed "Chippen", is a Swedish former footballer who played as a left winger.
Benjamin Barker Odell Jr. (January 14, 1854May 9, 1926) was an American businessman and politician who served as the 34th Governor of New York from 1901 to 1904.
Animas River   is a river in the western United States, a tributary of the San Juan River, part of the Colorado River System.
Rosehearty  is a settlement on the Moray Firth coast, four miles west of the town Fraserburgh, in the historical county of Aberdeenshire in Scotland.
Phonsavan  (population 37,507) is the capital of Xiangkhoang Province of Laos.
Arthur Melvin "Art" Okun (November 28, 1928 – March 23, 1980) was an American economist. He served as the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers between 1968 and 1969. Before serving on the C.E.A., he was a professor at Yale University and, afterwards, was a fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C.
Edward Phillips Oppenheim (22 October 1866 – 3 February 1946) was an English novelist, in his lifetime a major and successful writer of genre fiction including thrillers.
Chyngyz Aitmatov  (12 December 1928 – 10 June 2008) was a Soviet and Kyrgyz author who wrote in both Russian and Kyrgyz. He is one of the best known figures in Kyrgyzstan's literature.
Elfin Sports Cars Pty Ltd  is a car manufacturer company founded by Garrie Cooper. It has been an Australian manufacturer of sports cars and motor racing cars since 1957.
The Pamunkey River is a tributary of the York River, about long, in eastern Virginia in the United States. Via the York River it is part of the watershed of Chesapeake Bay.
Rangitata Island is a long lens-shaped island in the delta of the braided Rangitata River in Canterbury, New Zealand, approximately halfway between Timaru and Ashburton, New Zealand. The island is approximately long and about wide at its widest. 
Vileyka  is a city in Belarus and the administrative center of the Vileyka Raion in the Minsk Region. It is located on the River Viliya, 100 km northwest of Minsk. 
Bo "Bosse" Johansson (born 28 November 1942) is a Swedish former football player and current football coach.
Al-Bireh, al-Birah, or el-Bira  is a Palestinian city in the central West Bank, north of Jerusalem. It is situated on the central ridge running through the West Bank and is above sea level, covering an area of .
HSBC Private Bank is the principal private banking business of the HSBC Group. HSBC Private Bank's holding company is HSBC Private Banking Holdings  S.A.. The holding company is wholly owned by British HSBC Bank plc and its subsidiaries include HSBC Private Bank  S.A., HSBC Private Bank  Limited, HSBC Private Bank  Limited, HSBC Private Bank  S.A., HSBC Private Bank  S.A. and HSBC Financial Services  Limited.
Dieter Eilts (born 13 December 1964) is a German former footballer who currently works for SV Werder Bremen as director of the football academy. A former midfielder, his nickname was "the Alemão of East Frisia", due to his resemblance to Brazilian midfielder Alemão. 
Bradley Childress (born June 27, 1956) is an American football coach who is currently a senior offensive assistant for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League . He has worked for over thirty years as a coach for various college programs and NFL franchises and previously was head coach of the Minnesota Vikings.
Jonathan Daniel Hamm (born March 10, 1971) is an American actor best known for playing advertising executive Don Draper for the AMC television drama series "Mad Men" (2007–2015). 
Kenneth George "Ken" Binmore, (born 27 September 1940) is a British mathematician, economist, and game theorist. He is a Professor Emeritus of Economics at University College London  and a Visiting Emeritus Professor of Economics at the University of Bristol.
AK Steel Holding Corporation is a steelmaking company headquartered in West Chester Township, Butler County, Ohio. The company's name is derived from the initials of Armco, its predecessor company, and Kawasaki Steel Corporation, which contributed several of its production facilities to the company in 1989 in exchange for a large stake in the company.
Samuel Roy McKelvie (April 15, 1881 – January 6, 1956) was an American politician from the U.S. state of Nebraska. McKelvie served as the 19th Governor of Nebraska, from 1919 to 1923. 
Lido Key is a barrier island off the coast of Sarasota, Florida, in the United States. It is part of the city of Sarasota and is connected to mainland Sarasota by John Ringling Causeway.
Maxton Gig Beesley Jr. (born 16 April 1971) is an English actor and musician. He is best known for his role as Charlie Edwards in the British television drama "Hotel Babylon" and has appeared in a variety of television shows such as "Bodies", an adaptation of "The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling", "London Ink", "Survivors", "Mad Dogs, Suits", "Ordinary Lies", and "Jamestown"
Cappel  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Sucy-en-Brie is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris.
Rudi Fink (born 6 June 1958 in Cottbus, Bezirk Cottbus) is a retired boxer from Germany, who won the gold medal in the Featherweight division (−57 kg) for East Germany at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.
The Afon Cadnant  is a small river on Anglesey, North Wales, which drains to the Menai Strait about 1 km north-east of the Menai Suspension Bridge. The river drains a largely agricultural area from Llandegfan to Llansadwrn and beyond, with feeder tributaries extending up towards Pentraeth forest.
Kissing is a municipality in the Aichach-Friedberg district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is located just 10 km (6.2 mi) south of Augsburg and has about 11,200 inhabitants (2007).
Zyta Janina Gilowska (7 July 1949 – 5 April 2016) was a Polish economist, academic, and politician.
David Russell Russell-Johnston, Baron Russell-Johnston (born David Russell Johnston; 28 July 1932 – 27 July 2008), usually known as Russell Johnston, was a leading Scottish Liberal Democrat politician and was the Leader of the Scottish Liberal Party from 1974 to 1988.
Northwest Regional Airport Terrace-Kitimat , is located south of Terrace, British Columbia, Canada. The airport also serves Kitimat, to the south, and the Nass Valley. The airport is owned and operated by the Terrace-Kitimat Airport Society.
Club Deportivo y Social Vida, or simply Vida, is a Honduran football club based in La Ceiba, Atlántida.
Thaddeus Horatius Caraway (October 17, 1871 – November 6, 1931) was a Democratic Party politician from the U.S. state of Arkansas who represented the state first in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1913 to 1921 and then in the U.S. Senate from 1921 until his death.
Castiglione di Garfagnana is a medieval walled town and "comune" of 1,878 inhabitants in the province of Lucca.
Ann Arbor Municipal Airport is a general aviation airport in Washtenaw County, Michigan, United States. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration  National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017 to 2021, in which it is categorized as a regional general aviation facility.
Wakefield F.C. was an English football club based in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. The club was previously based in the village of Emley and was known as Emley A.F.C. from 1903 to 2002. 
Chorley Football Club is a football club based in Chorley, Lancashire, England. The club competes in the National League, the fifth tier of English football.
Stockport Sports F.C. was a football club based in Woodley, Stockport, Greater Manchester, England. They were established in 1970 as Woodley Athletic, and played at the Neil Rourke Memorial Stadium. 
Pauline Elaine Davis-Thompson (born 9 July 1966) is a former Bahamian sprinter. She competed at five Olympics, a rarity for a track and field athlete. 
The Rivanna River is a tributary of the James River in central Virginia in the United States. The Rivanna's tributaries originate in the Blue Ridge Mountains; via the James River, it is part of the watershed of Chesapeake Bay.
Thurrock Football Club was an English football club based in Purfleet, Thurrock, Essex. Known as Purfleet until 2003, the club played at Ship Lane.
Dartford Football Club is an association football club based in Dartford, Kent, England. The club currently participates in the National League South, the sixth tier of English football.
Kagal is a town in Kolhapur district of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Meadowbank Stadium  was a multi-purpose sports facility located in the Meadowbank area of Edinburgh, Scotland. Built on the site of the earlier New Meadowbank and Old Meadowbank sports venues, it was originally built to host the 1970 Commonwealth Games. 
Mill Branch is a tributary stream of the Cacapon River, belonging to the Potomac River and Chesapeake Bay watersheds. The stream is located in eastern Hampshire County in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle.
Hanne Krogh Sundbø (born 24 January 1956) is a Norwegian singer and actress from Haugesund and Oslo. She is well known for winning the Eurovision Song Contest 1985 with Elisabeth Andreassen in the group Bobbysocks.
Franco Balmamion (born 11 January 1940), is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist who raced between 1960 and 1972. The highlight of his career was his successive overall wins in the 1962 and 1963 editions of the Giro d'Italia.
Riccardo Eugenio Drigo  (30 June 18461 October 1930) was an Italian composer of ballet music and Italian opera, a theatrical conductor, and a pianist.
The Halifax River is part of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway, located in northeast Volusia County, Florida. The waterway was originally known as the North Mosquito River, but was renamed after George Montagu-Dunk, 2nd Earl of Halifax , during the British occupation of Florida (1763–1784).
Bashley Football Club is a football club based in Bashley, near New Milton, Hampshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Bashley Road.
Thomas McElwee (30 November 1957 – 8 August 1981) was an Irish republican who participated in the 1981 hunger strike and a volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army . From Bellaghy, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland, he died at the age of 23 after 62 days on hunger strike.
Lavaux is a region in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland, in the district of Lavaux-Oron. Lavaux consist of 830 hectares of terraced vineyards that stretch for about 30 km along the south-facing northern shores of Lake Geneva.
Kyungsung University is a private university in Busan, South Korea. It is located in the district of Nam-gu, southwest of the famous Haeundae beach. The campus is located near Kyungsung University-Pukyong National University Station on Line 2.
CKOB-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Trois-Rivières, Quebec.
Zdeslav  was a duke  in Croatia from 878 until his death in 879. He was from the Trpimirović dynasty.
Delnor-Wiggins Pass State Recreation Area is a Florida State Park located on a barrier island on Florida's southwest coast near Naples, Florida, six miles west of Exit 111 on I-75. The Cocohatchee River and the Gulf of Mexico are accessible from the park, which contains a hard bottom reef.
Cartel is an American pop punk band from Conyers, Georgia, United States, that formed in 2003. The group was featured on the MTV television series "Band in a Bubble" in 2007 as part of an experiment where they were given 20 days to write and record a full album. 
Michel Gabriel Paccard (1757–1827) was a Savoyard doctor and alpinist, citizen of the Kingdom of Sardinia.
Hermann Zumpe (9 April 1850 – 4 September 1903) was a German conductor and composer.
West Heath is an area of South East London within the London Borough of Bexley. It borders the Royal Borough of Greenwich. It lies north of Bexleyheath.
Monopoli  is a town and municipality in Italy, in the Metropolitan City of Bari and region of Apulia. The town is roughly in area and lies on the Adriatic Sea about southeast of Bari. 
Carl Ernst Otto Kuntze (23 June 1843 – 27 January 1907) was a German botanist.
Edgware Town Football Club is a football club from Edgware, Greater London, England. Originally established in 1939, the club was dissolved at the end of the 2007–08 season but were then reformed in 2014. 
TTNET A.Ş., operating under the Türk Telekom brand, is the largest Internet service provider in Turkey and has around 7 million subscribers. TTNET is a subsidiary of Türk Telekom Group. 
Ernst Emil Herzfeld (23 July 1879 – 20 January 1948) was a German archaeologist and Iranologist.
La Celle-Saint-Cloud is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is located in the western suburbs of Paris from the center.
Polillo  is an island in the northeastern region of the Philippine archipelago. It is separated from Luzon Island by the Polillo Strait and forms the northern side of Lamon Bay.
Anthony New (1747 – March 2, 1833) was an 18th-century and 19th-century American congressman and lawyer from Virginia and Kentucky.
Khopoli is an industrial city in the Khalapur taluka of Raigad district, in the Indian state of Maharashtra, at the base of the Sahyadri mountains. Patalganga River which is the tailrace channel of Tata Hydroelectric Power station flows through Khopoli.
Anton Alexeyevich Volchenkov (; born 25 February 1982) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod of the Kontinental Hockey League .
Skelmersdale United Football Club is a football club from Skelmersdale, Lancashire. They are currently members of the and play at the JMO Sports Park. The club is a member of both the Liverpool F.A. and the Lancashire County Football Association.
Tauranga City AFC is a football club based in Tauranga, New Zealand. They compete in the Lotto Sport Italia NRFL Division 1.
Caversham is an association football club based in Dunedin, New Zealand. They compete in the ODT FootballSouth Premier League.
Hamilton Wanderers Association Football Club is a professional association football club from Hamilton, New Zealand, that currently competes in the ISPS Handa Premiership.
Manurewa AFC is an amateur football  club in Manurewa, Auckland, New Zealand. They will compete in Lotto Sport Italia NRFL Division 1 with newly appointed head coach Marty Rodwell
Ash United Football Club is a football club based in Ash, Surrey, England. They are currently members of the and play at Shawfields Stadium. 
Beckenham Town Football Club is a football club based in Beckenham, London, England. They are currently members of the and play at Eden Park Avenue.
Gabriella Paruzzi (born 21 June 1969 in Udine) is a retired Italian cross-country skier who competed from 1991 to 2006 and formerly skied with the G.S. Forestale. She skied in World Cup events, and won the Women's Overall World Cup in 2004.
Mathias is an unincorporated community along the Lost River in Hardy County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. Mathias lies off West Virginia Route 259. Before the consolidated school of East Hardy High School at Baker, Mathias had its own educational facility, Mathias School, which served grades Kindergarten through twelfth.
KTPI-FM (97.7 FM, "97-7 KTPI") is a commercial radio station which is licensed to Mojave, California and serves the Antelope Valley region of Southern California. It is owned by RZ Radio LLC and broadcasts a country music format.
Moshe Atzmon (, born 30 July 1931) is an Israeli conductor.
Sada is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It is situated in the Rías Altas.
Macclesfield is a small town on the upper reaches of the River Angas in the Adelaide Hills region of South Australia. In the , Macclesfield had a population of 832 while the 2016 Census showed an increase to 958.
Chester-le-Street Town Football Club is a football club based in Chester-le-Street, County Durham, England. They are currently members of the and play at Moor Park.
Honduras Salzburg was a Honduran football club based on El Progreso, Honduras.
Eccleshill United Football Club is a football club based in Wrose, Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Plumpton Park.
WKY (930 AM) is a radio station located in Oklahoma City and is under ownership of Cumulus Media. Its studios are in Northwest Oklahoma City, and the transmitter and 1 tower are located on E. Britton Road in Oklahoma City.
Stanley Cowell (born May 5, 1941) is an American jazz pianist and co-founder of the Strata-East Records label.
Guildford City Football Club  is a football club based in Guildford, Surrey, England. The club was established in 1921, folded in 1974 and were reformed in 1996. 
KLDQ (100.7 FM) is a radio station in Fargo, North Dakota,  broadcasting the K-LOVE radio network, airing a contemporary Christian music format.
Hungerford Town Football Club is a football club based in Hungerford, Berkshire, England. Affiliated to the Berks & Bucks Football Association, they are currently members of and play at Bulpit Lane.
Vilariño »Val do Dubra is a municipality in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain in the Province of A Coruña. It belongs to the comarca of Santiago.
1. FC Frankfurt is a German football club based in Frankfurt , Brandenburg. 
Abdolhosein Hazhir (4 June 1902 – 5 November 1949) was a Prime Minister of Iran.
South Carolina Rail Road Company was a railroad company, that operated in South Carolina from 1843 to 1894, when it was succeeded by the Southern Railway. It was formed in 1844 by the merger of the South Carolina Canal and Rail Road Company  into The Louisville, Cincinnati and Charleston Railroad Company. 
Sandhurst Town Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Sandhurst, Berkshire, England. Formed in 1910, the club plays at Bottom Meadow. 
Soham Town Rangers Football Club is an English football club based in Soham, Cambridgeshire. The club are currently members of the and play at Julius Martin Lane.
96.5 Inner FM (call sign: 3INR) is a community radio station in Victoria, Australia.
Southwestern Community College is a two-year college located in Sylva, North Carolina, an educational institution providing post-secondary education and lower-level tertiary education, granting certificates, diplomas, and associate degrees. The school is a member of the 59-campus North Carolina Community College System.
Universidad de Los Andes Fútbol Club, usually known as Universidad de Los Andes, or by the acronym ULA, was a Venezuelan football  club based in Mérida.
Andrew Dominik (born 7 October 1967) is a New Zealand-born Australian film director and screenwriter. He has directed the crime film "Chopper", the Western drama film "The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford" and the neo-noir crime film "Killing Them Softly".
The Weir Group plc is an engineering company headquartered in Glasgow, Scotland. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. 
Nepi  is a town and "comune" in the province of Viterbo, Lazio, central Italy. The town lies southeast of the city of Viterbo and about southwest from Civita Castellana. 
Claudio Gentile (; born 27 September 1953 in Tripoli, Libya) is an Italian association football manager and former defender of the 1970s and 1980s.
John Nathaniel Norton (May 12, 1878 – October 5, 1960) was an American Democratic Party politician.
The Afon Glaslyn  is a river in Gwynedd, north-west Wales. While not of great significance in terms of its length , it is one of Gwynedd's primary rivers, and has greatly influenced the landscape in which it flows.
Fitzalan Square is a municipal square situated in the city centre of Sheffield in South Yorkshire, England. The present day square is one of the busiest areas of the city centre, with traffic and pedestrians continually moving through the area. 
Needham Market Football Club is a football club based in Needham Market, Suffolk, England. They are currently members of the and play at Bloomfields.
Vimianzo is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia. It forms part of the comarca of Terra de Soneira.
Vaugines is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
The Poynter Institute for Media Studies is a non-profit journalism school and research organization located in St. Petersburg, Florida. The school is the owner of the "Tampa Bay Times" newspaper.
Briagolong is a town in the Australian state of Victoria, located 20 kilometres north of Maffra and some 270 kilometres east of Melbourne, in the Shire of Wellington region of Gippsland. At the 2016 census, Briagolong had a population of 1,081.
The Marin Islands are the two small islands, named East Marin and West Marin, in San Rafael Bay, an embayment of San Pablo Bay in Marin County, California.
Tearcoat Creek (officially Tear Coat Creek, per 1931 federal Board on Geographic Names decision) is an free-flowing tributary stream of the North River, itself a tributary of the Cacapon River, making it a part of the Potomac River and Chesapeake Bay watersheds. The creek is located in central Hampshire County, West Virginia. 
Antonio  Juarbe Pol Airport is a public use airport located southeast of Arecibo, Puerto Rico. It is owned by the Puerto Rico Ports Authority. This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation airport.
The University of Namibia  is the largest university in Namibia. It was established by an act of the National Assembly on 31 August 1992.
Margaret "Maggie" Edson (born July 4, 1961) is an American playwright. She is a recipient of the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for her play "Wit". 
The Teslin River is a river in southern Yukon Territory and northwestern British Columbia, Canada, that flows from its source south of Teslin Lake to its confluence with the Yukon River.
Nusa Kambangan  island is located in the Indian Ocean, separated by a narrow strait from the south coast of Java; the closest port is Cilacap in Central Java province. Dubbed by one international journalist the "Alcatraz of Indonesia", the island is notorious for its Supermax prisons, home to convicted murderers, terrorists, drug traffickers, and those convicted in high-profile corruption cases. It is sometimes known as Execution Island because the island is the main location for carrying out capital punishment around Java.
Livry-Gargan is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris.
Dongfeng Motor Company Limited  is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Wuhan, China. It is a 50–50 joint-venture between Dongfeng Motor Group and Nissan Motors. 
Associazione Calcio Sansovino is an Italian association football club, based in Monte San Savino, Tuscany. Sansovino currently plays in Eccellenza.
Suhindol  is a town in north central Bulgaria, part of Veliko Tarnovo Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Suhindol Municipality. 
S.S.D. Gallipoli Football 1909 is an Italian association football club, based in Gallipoli, Apulia.
Rocky Mount Instruments or RMI was a subsidiary of the Allen Organ Company, established in about 1966. It was based in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. 
Chaumes-en-Brie is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is best known as the ancient home of the Couperin family of composers and musicians.
Vouziers  is a commune of the Ardennes department in northern France.
Albert Apponyi de Nagyappony (29 May 18467 February 1933) was a Hungarian nobleman and politician.
The Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst  is a relatively new museum located in Ghent, Belgium, and is renowned both for its permanent collection  and for its provocative exhibitions.
Albert III the Pious of Bavaria-Munich (; 27 March 1401 – 29 February 1460), since 1438 Duke of Bavaria-Munich. He was born in Wolfratshausen to Ernest, Duke of Bavaria and Elisabetta Visconti, daughter of Bernabò Visconti.
Nizhneudinsk  is a town and the administrative center of Nizhneudinsky District of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Uda River , northwest of Irkutsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 39,700 (1970).
The Big Muddy River is a river in southern Illinois. It joins the Mississippi River just south of Grand Tower. The Big Muddy has been dammed near Benton, forming Rend Lake.
Hermann Georg Jacobi (11 February 1850 – 19 October 1937) was an eminent German Indologist.
F.C. Rieti is an Italian association football club, based in Rieti, Lazio. The club currently competes in Serie C, the third tier of Italian football, playing home matches in the Centro d'Italia stadium.
Darron Thomas Daniel Gibson (born 25 October 1987) is a professional footballer from Derry, Northern Ireland, who plays as a midfielder for the Republic of Ireland national team.
Moor Green F.C. was a non-league association football team originally from the Hall Green area of south Birmingham but later based in the town of Solihull, West Midlands, England. In 2007 the club merged with Solihull Borough to form a new club, Solihull Moors.
The SS Main Office   was the central command office of the "Schutzstaffel"  in Nazi Germany until 1940.
Coachwhips was a garage rock band from San Francisco, California, formed in 2001. The band consisted of John Dwyer , John Harlow  and Mary Ann McNamara . 
Albany Law School is a private, independent, American Bar Association-accredited law school founded in 1851 in Albany, New York making it the oldest law school in New York. It has an affiliation agreement with University at Albany that includes shared programs. 
Simonetta Vespucci (née Cattaneo; 1453 – 26 April 1476), nicknamed "la bella Simonetta", was an Italian noblewoman from Genoa, the wife of Marco Vespucci of Florence and the cousin-in-law of Amerigo Vespucci. She was known as the greatest beauty of her age in Northern Italy, and was allegedly the model for many paintings by Sandro Botticelli, Piero di Cosimo, and other Florentine painters. 
Margaret of Blois (French: "Marguerite"; died 1230) was "suo jure" Countess of Blois from 1218 to 1230, in what is now France.
WABX is a radio station in Evansville, Indiana, owned by Duey Wright, through licensee Midwest Communications, Inc. The station, which broadcasts at 107.5 FM, has aired a classic rock format since 1997.
Perle Reid Mesta  (October 12, 1889March 16, 1975) was an American socialite, political hostess, and United States Ambassador to Luxembourg (1949–53).
Emperor Jingzong of Tang (July 22, 809 – January 9, 827), personal name Li Zhan, was an emperor of the Tang Dynasty of China. He reigned from 824 to 827. Emperor Jingzong was the eldest son of emperor Emperor Muzong and elder brother of eventual Emperor Wenzong and Emperor Wuzong.
Georgi Alexandrov Ivanov, nicknamed Gonzo , born 2 July 1976 in Plovdiv), is a former Bulgarian football striker and currently manager. Ivanov is a former Bulgarian international and is perhaps best known for his goal-scoring prowess in The Eternal Derby of Bulgaria, netting 15 goals, having bettered Nasko Sirakov's record in 2008.
Saint-Flour  is a commune in the Cantal department in the Auvergne region in south-central France, around 101km south of Clermont-Ferrand. Its inhabitants are called "Sanflorains".
Yankee Global Enterprises, LLC, formerly YankeeNets, LLC, is an American company which owns the New York Yankees baseball team, along with a majority stake in YES Network and the New York City FC soccer team. It was formed in 1999 and is controlled by the family of George Steinbrenner. Other investors including Lester Crown, Donald Marron and Jerry Speyer own minority stakes.
Port Antonio is the capital of the parish of Portland on the northeastern coast of Jamaica, about 60 miles (100 km) from Kingston. It had a population of 12,285 in 1982 and 13,246 in 1991. 
Levina Teerlinc (1510s – 23 June 1576) was a Flemish Renaissance miniaturist who served as a painter to the English court of Henry VIII, Edward VI, Mary I and Elizabeth I. She was the most important miniaturist at the English court between Hans Holbein the Younger and Nicholas Hilliard. Her father, Simon Bening was a renowned book illuminator and miniature painter of the Ghent-Bruges school and probably trained her as a manuscript painter. 
RED Music, stylized RED MUSIC, formerly RED Distribution, LLC  is a Sony-owned sales and marketing division that merged under The Orchard in 2017. RED previously handled releases for more than sixty independent record labels.
Hem is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Fontenay-sous-Bois  is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris.
Kholm  is a town and the administrative center of Kholmsky District in Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Lovat and Kunya Rivers, north of Toropets, southwest of Staraya Russa, and south of Veliky Novgorod, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Skin were a UK hard rock band active during the 1990s who reformed in 2009, only to disband again in 2013.
Ivacevičy  is a city in the Brest Province of Belarus, an administrative center of the Ivacevičy district.
The Garden Ring, also known as the "B" Ring , is a circular ring road avenue around central Moscow, its course corresponding to what used to be the city ramparts surrounding Zemlyanoy Gorod in the 17th century.
Krychaw or Krichev  is a city in the eastern Belarusian Mogilev Region. Krychaw is the administrative center of the Krychaw Raion. As of 2009, its population was 27,202. 
Busia is a town in Kenya. It is the capital and largest town of Busia County.
Marmande  is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne "département" in south-western France.
Saint-Affrique  is a commune in the Aveyron department in Southern France.
Saint-Julien-en-Genevois  is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France. It is a sub-prefecture of the department.
Boulay-Moselle  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Rivier University, formerly Rivier College, is a private Catholic liberal arts university in Nashua, New Hampshire.
Joseph Maull Carey (January 19, 1845February 5, 1924) was an American lawyer, rancher, judge, and politician, who spent most of his political career in Wyoming before and after it achieved statehood.
Manoel Island  is a small island which forms part of the municipality of Gżira in Marsamxett Harbour, Malta. It is named after the Portuguese Grand Master António Manoel de Vilhena, who built a fort on the island in the 1720s. 
The Asia Society is a non-profit organization that focuses on educating the world about Asia. It has several centers in the United States  and around the world . 
South Huron is a municipality in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the southern part of Huron County. It was formed by amalgamation of the townships of Stephen and Usborne with the Town of Exeter in 2001, in an Ontario-wide municipal restructuring imposed by the provincial government.
Nippon Animation is famous for producing numerous anime series based on works of literature such as "Anne of Green Gables" and "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer". Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata, co-founders of the famous Studio Ghibli, directed several episodes in the "World Masterpiece Theater" series.
James Darren Siddons (born 25 April 1964) is an Australian cricketer, renowned for his involvement in Sheffield Shield first-class cricket over a 16-year career. He initially played for Victoria, and later for South Australia. 
Bel Canto is a Norwegian music duo, originally a trio, fronted by vocalist Anneli Drecker, and signed originally to Crammed Discs.
Lakeland University is a liberal arts college with its main campus located in Plymouth, Wisconsin. Lakeland University is affiliated with the United Church of Christ and offers both undergraduate and graduate degrees. 
Cranford is a suburban area and part of the Hounslow district in the London Borough of Hounslow, England. It is located west of Charing Cross and immediately east of Heathrow Airport, from which it is separated by the River Crane. 
María Florencia Labat (born 12 June 1971) is a former professional female tennis player from Argentina. She joined the WTA Tour in 1988 and retired in 2000. 
Hamish Hamilton Limited was a British book publishing house, founded in 1931 eponymously by the half-Scot half-American Jamie Hamilton . Jamie Hamilton was often referred to as "Hamish Hamilton".
Chu Mu-yen ( born March 14, 1982) is a Taekwondo athlete from Taiwan. He is the second Taiwanese athlete and first male to win a gold medal at the Olympics, winning in men's under 58-kilogram class in Taekwondo at the Athens 2004 Games. In the 2008 Olympics, Chu won the bronze medal in the men's under 58-kilogram class in Taekwondo.
Seongjong of Joseon (August 20, 1457 – January 20, 1495) was the ninth king of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea. He succeeded King Yejong in 1469 and ruled until 1494.
Johan Olof Ramstedt (7 November 1852 – 15 March 1935) was Prime Minister of Sweden from April to August 1905.
Coquelles is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department near Calais in northern France.
Kitson and Company was a locomotive manufacturer based in Hunslet, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Bellway plc is a major UK residential property developer based in Newcastle upon Tyne. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Jason Demetriou (; born 18 November 1987) is a Cypriot international footballer who plays as a defender for Southend United.
Jumilhac-le-Grand is a commune in the Dordogne "dėpartement" in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south western France.
Real Democracy  is a political party in Aruba.
Khartoum North or Khartoum Bahri  is a city in Khartoum State, lying to the north of Khartoum city , the capital of the Republic of Sudan. It is located on the north bank of the Blue Nile and the east bank of the River Nile, near the confluence of the Blue Nile with the White, and bridges connect it with both Khartoum to its south and Omdurman to its west.
Persimmon plc is a British housebuilding company, headquartered in York, England. The company is named after a horse which won the 1896 Derby and St. Leger for the Prince of Wales. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
Grace University was a private Christian university in Omaha, Nebraska. The university included undergraduate programs and the Grace University College of Professional and Graduate Studies. The university ceased all academic operations in May 2018.
Ricardo de Oliveira (; born 6 May 1980) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Clube Atlético Mineiro.
Paul Vidal de La Blache (Pézenas, Hérault, 22 January 1845 - Tamaris-sur-Mer, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, 5 April 1918) was a French geographer. He is considered to be the founder of modern French geography and also the founder of the French School of Geopolitics. 
Cosimo Tura (c. 1430 – 1495), also known as Il Cosmè or Cosmè Tura , was an Italian early-Renaissance  painter and considered one of the founders of the School of Ferrara.
Diana Lynn Ossana is an American writer who has collaborated on writing screenplays, teleplays, and novels with author Larry McMurtry since they first worked together in 1992, on the semi-fictionalized biography "Pretty Boy Floyd". She won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, a Writers' Guild of America Award, a BAFTA Award and a Golden Globe Award for her screenplay of Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain", along with McMurtry and adapted from the short story of the same name by Annie Proulx. She is a published author in her own right of several short stories and essays.
Avetik Isahakyan (; October 30, 1875 – October 17, 1957) was a prominent Armenian lyric poet, writer and public activist.
Furmanov  is a town and the administrative center of Furmanovsky District in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia. Population: It was previously known as "Sereda" (until March 13, 1941).
Omid Abtahi (born 12 July 1979) is an Iranian-born American actor. He is best known for his roles as Salim in Showtime's "Sleeper Cell" and that of Homes in the final installment of "The Hunger Games" film series, "".
The basin of the Shuswap River  lies northeast of the Okanagan Valley in British Columbia, originating in the central Monashee Mountains. It is the upper part of the drainage better known to British Columbians as belonging to Shuswap Lake and the South Thompson River. The river's drainage basin is over in area.
Tremblay-en-France is a commune in the north-eastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the centre of Paris.
Bergues  is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Close Brothers Group plc is a UK merchant banking group, providing lending, deposit taking, wealth management and securities trading. The company is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Ibrahim Afellay (born 2 April 1986) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Eredivisie club PSV Eindhoven as an attacking midfielder or winger.
Dwight Foster (December 7, 1757 – April 29, 1823) was an American lawyer and politician from Massachusetts. He served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate.
Greek American Atlas Astoria, commonly known as New York Greek American, is an American soccer team from New York City that currently plays in the Cosmopolitan Soccer League. The club was formed in 1941 by Thomas Laris and is one of the most successful clubs in America's annual national soccer tournament, the U.S. Open Cup, winning four times, in 1967, 1968, 1969 and 1974. The team is one of the oldest American soccer clubs in existence and plays its games at the Metropolitan Oval in Maspeth, Queens.
Doubting Thomas is an industrial band formed by two members of Skinny Puppy: cEvin Key and the late Dwayne Goettel. Although considered a Skinny Puppy side project, nearly all the group's music is instrumental. 
Anthony Oliver Scott (born July 10, 1966) is a U.S. journalist and film critic. Along with Manohla Dargis, he serves as chief film critic for "The New York Times".
Gisborne  is a town in the Macedon Ranges, approximately north-west of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. The town was named after Henry Fyshe Gisborne (1815–1841), the first Commissioner for Crown Lands of the Port Phillip District..
The Russian National Union  was a Neo-Nazi party in Russia. The party should not be confused with Russian National Unity, a larger group with similar roots, although with no direct connection.
Loughborough Dynamo Football Club is a football club based in Loughborough, Leicestershire, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Nanpantan Sports Ground.
Saint-Christophe-de-Valains  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Armand Trousseau (14 October 1801 – 23 June 1867) was a French internist. His contributions to medicine include Trousseau sign of malignancy, Trousseau sign of latent tetany, Trousseau–Lallemand bodies . 
Chirongui is a commune in the French overseas department of Mayotte, in the Indian Ocean.
Pamandzi is a commune in the French overseas department of Mayotte, in the Indian Ocean. The commune of Pamandzi is located on the small island of Petite-Terre , off the main island of Mayotte.
Maximus, also called Maximus Tyrannus, was a Roman usurper (409 - 411) in Hispania . He had been elected by general Gerontius, who might have been his father.
Oxhey Jets Football Club is an English semi-professional football club based in South Oxhey, Hertfordshire. They currently compete in the and play their home matches at The Boundary Stadium on Altham Way. The club is affiliated to the Hertfordshire Football Association.
Corinna Harfouch (born Corinna Meffert; 16 October 1954) is a German actress.
Wildflecken is a municipality in the Bad Kissingen district, at the border of northwestern Bavaria and southern Hesse. In 2005, its population was 3,285; the postal code is 97772 (APO NY 09026). 
Tartu Airport , is an airport in Reola, Ülenurme Parish, south southwest of Tartu, the second largest city in Estonia. It is also called Ülenurme Airport due to its proximity to the village of Ülenurme. 
WRWN (107.9 FM, "Rewind 107.9") is a classic hits radio station owned by Alpha Media in Savannah, Georgia.
Andrew Hunt (born 9 June 1970 in West Thurrock, Essex) is an English former footballer.
Ely City Football Club is a football club based in Ely, Cambridgeshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Unwin Sports Ground.
Thetford Town Football Club is an English football club based in Thetford, Norfolk. The club are currently members of the and play at Mundford Road. 
Charlieu  is a commune in the Loire department at the northern end of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of France. It is home to Charlieu Abbey.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats  is a social-liberal political party in Scotland.
Letcombe Football Club is a football club based in Letcombe Regis, Oxfordshire, England. They are currently member of the and play at Bassett Road.
The Alabama State Senate is the upper house of the Alabama Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Alabama. The body is composed of 35 members representing an equal number of districts across the state, with each district containing at least 127,140 citizens. 
WWKI, "KI" is an FM radio station owned by Cumulus Media in Kokomo, Indiana. The station operates on the FM radio frequency of 100.5 MHz. 
Gail Chanfreau ("née" Sherriff; born 3 April 1945), also known as Gail Lovera and Gail Benedetti, is a French former amateur and professional tennis player.
Dallas Christian College  is a private college in the suburb of Farmers Branch, Texas. It is affiliated with the Christian Church and accredited by the Association for Biblical Higher Education.
Marana Regional Airport , also known as Marana Northwest Regional Airport or Avra Valley Airport, is a non-towered , general aviation airport about 15 miles (13 nmi; 24 km) northwest of Tucson, Arizona in Marana a town in Pima County, Arizona, United States. In 1999, the airport was purchased from Pima County by the town of Marana.
Tytherington Rocks F.C. is a football club based in Tytherington, near Thornbury, Gloucestershire, England. The club competes in the and is affiliated to the Gloucestershire County FA.
Vioolsdrif is a village on the Orange River in the north-western part of South Africa, known as Namaqualand.
Albert Hermann Dietrich (28 August 1829 – 20 November 1908), was a German composer and conductor, remembered less for his own achievements than for his friendship with Johannes Brahms.
Princess Victoria Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (; 31 December 1885 – 3 October 1970) was the consort of Charles Edward, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and is the maternal grandmother of Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.
Swiss Global Air Lines (until February 2015 "Swiss European Air Lines") was a Swiss airline and a subsidiary of Swiss International Air Lines. 
Gail Strickland (born May 18, 1947) is an American actress who had prominent supporting roles in such films as "" (1975), "Bound for Glory" (1976), "Who'll Stop the Rain" (1978), "Norma Rae" (1979) and "Protocol" (1984), and appeared regularly on various network television shows.
Oil India Limited  is the second largest hydrocarbon exploration and production Indian public sector company with its operational headquarters in Duliajan, Assam, India. The company is a state-owned Navratna under the administrative control of India's Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas with its corporate offices in Noida in the New Delhi-NCR region.
DeSales University  is a private Catholic university in Center Valley, Pennsylvania. The university offers traditional, online, and hybrid courses and programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Named for St. Francis de Sales, the university was founded in 1964 as "Allentown College of Saint Francis de Sales" by the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales.
Northampton Spencer F.C. was a football club based in Northampton, England. Their ground was Kingsthorpe Mill. They played in the United Counties League Division One.
The Shehy Mountains  are a range of low mountains situated on the border between County Cork and County Kerry, in Ireland.
Peter James Yates (24 July 1929 – 9 January 2011) was an English film director and producer. He was born in Aldershot, Hampshire.
Haigerloch is a town in the north-western part of the Swabian Alb in Germany.
Tenararo is the smallest atoll in the Acteon Group in the southeastern part of the Tuamotu Islands in French Polynesia. It is administratively a part of the Gambier Islands. It is uninhabited.
Arthur Prysock Jr. (January 1, 1924 or 1929 – June 14, 1997) was an American jazz and R&B singer best known for his live shows and his deep baritone, influenced by Billy Eckstine. According to his obituary in "The New York Times", "his heavy, deep voice projected a calm, reassuring virility."
Merrow Football Club is a football club based in Merrow, near Guildford, Surrey, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Urnfield.
Charles Michael Friedek (born 26 August 1971 in Gießen) is a German triple jumper who became world champion in 1999 with a jump of 17.59 metres. He had already won the World Indoor Championships the same year, with an indoor PB of 17.18 metres.
Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology is a two-year co-educational technical college that provides an education in twenty two programs for about 1,200 students. It was named for Thaddeus Stevens, a nineteenth-century politician. 
Pietro Vierchowod (; born 6 April 1959) is an Italian former footballer who played as a defender, and a current manager. He also represented the Italian national side during his career, and was most notably a member of the Italian squad that won the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
Bemerton Heath Harlequins Football Club is a football club based in Bemerton, Salisbury, England. They are currently members of the and play at Western Way.
Rex Wayne Tillerson (born March 23, 1952) is an American energy executive who served as the 69th United States Secretary of State from February 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018, under President Donald Trump. Prior to joining the Trump administration, Tillerson was chairman and chief executive officer of ExxonMobil, holding that position from 2006 until 2017.
Deanna Nicole "Tweety" Nolan (; born August 25, 1979) is an American-Russian professional basketball player for UMMC Ekaterinburg of the Russian Premier League as well as the Russia women's national basketball team. Her primary position is shooting guard, but occasionally plays the point guard position. Her original name was Deana, but was legally changed to Deanna in 2000.
Irina Viktorovna Lobacheva (; born 18 February 1973) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer. With partner and former husband Ilia Averbukh, she is the 2002 Olympic silver medalist, the 2002 World champion and the 2003 European champion.
Sirius XM Indie, formerly known as Maxim Radio and Stars Too, is a talk channel heard on the Sirius and XM satellite radio platforms. The channel is a spin-off of its sister station Sirius XM Stars.
Sunderland Ryhope Community Association Football Club are an English association football club, based in Ryhope, Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, currently playing in the Northern League Division One.
KHBS, virtual channel 40 (UHF digital channel 21), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Fort Smith, Arkansas, United States. The station is owned by the Hearst Television subsidiary of Hearst Communications. 
Samuel Whittlesey Dana (February 13, 1760July 21, 1830) was an American lawyer and politician from Middletown, Connecticut. He represented Connecticut in both the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate.
Christian Democracy for the Autonomies  was a minor Christian-democratic political party in Italy.
Fox News Radio is an American radio network owned by Fox News.
Salussola is a "comune"  in the Province of Biella in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about southeast of Biella.
Ballabio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about north of Lecco in the Valsassina.
Castello di Brianza  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southwest of Lecco. 
Ello  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southwest of Lecco. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,202 and an area of .
Moggio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Lecco. 
Premana  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about north of Lecco. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,285 and an area of .
Lodi Vecchio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lodi in the Italian region Lombardy, which is located about southeast of Milan and about west of Lodi. It received the honorary title of city with a presidential decree on January 22, 2006.
Francavilla Angitola is a "comune"  in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about northeast of Vibo Valentia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,093 and an area of .
Arizzano is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northeast of Verbania. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,009 and an area of .
Calasca-Castiglione is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania. 
Crodo is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,487 and an area of .
Madonna del Sasso is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about southwest of Verbania, just to the west of Lake Orta. The municipal seat is in the "frazione" of Boleto.
Oggebbio is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northeast of Verbania. 
Quarna Sotto is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about southwest of Verbania. 
Ollastra  is a "comune"  in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about northeast of Oristano. 
Calangianus  is a municipality in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about west of Olbia. Calangianus is surrounded by large cork woods, for whose work was described as "Cork's Capital".
Livingston County Spencer J. Hardy Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located three miles (5 km) northwest of the central business district of Howell, a city in Livingston County, Michigan, United States. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration  National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a regional reliever airport facility.
Desecration is a British death metal band formed in Newport, south Wales in 1992.
Juan Manuel Asensi Ripoll (born 23 September 1949) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Omer Karime Ali Riza (; born 8 November 1979) is a former footballer who is currently a coach at Watford’s academy.
Deutsche Luft Hansa A.G. (from 1933 styled as Deutsche Lufthansa and also known as Luft Hansa, Lufthansa, or DLH) was a German airline, serving as flag carrier of the country during the later years of the Weimar Republic and throughout Nazi Germany.
The Russian River is a southward-flowing river that drains of Sonoma and Mendocino counties in Northern California. With an annual average discharge of approximately 1,600,000 acre feet (2.0 km), it is the second-largest river  flowing through the nine-county Greater San Francisco Bay Area, with a mainstem long.
Andronicus of Pannonia  was a 1st-century Christian mentioned by the Apostle Paul: 
List auf Sylt (known as List until 31 December 2008) is the northernmost municipality in Germany, located on the North Sea island of Sylt close to Denmark in the district of Nordfriesland in the state of Schleswig-Holstein.
The Mooney Mooney Creek, a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Brett Michael Dennen (born October 28, 1979) is an American folk/pop singer and songwriter from Central California. His sixth studio album, "Por Favor", was released in May 2016.
Charles Baker Adams (January 11, 1814 – January 19, 1853) was an American educator and naturalist.
Austral University  is a private university in Argentina, based in Buenos Aires and with seats in Pilar  and Rosario . It is ranked as the best Private University in Argentina.
Zhodzina , is a city in Belarus, located in the Minsk Region, 50 km to north-east from Minsk. The city covers an area of 19 km² and has a population of 61,800 (2010).
Aldeacipreste is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.
Aldehuela de Yeltes is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located from the city of Salamanca and has a population of 208 people. The municipality has an area of 
Kolokol Group  is a group of somma volcanoes located in the central part of Urup Island, Kuril Islands, Russia. The group is named after its highest volcano but also includes volcanoes called Berg, Trezubetz (which erupted in 1924) and Borzov. 
Alexander Herr (born 4 October 1978 in Furtwangen im Schwarzwald, Baden-Württemberg) is a German former ski jumper who competed 1993 to 2006, then came out of retirement in 2009 to compete in the 2010 Winter Olympics. He won a bronze medal in the normal at the Junior World Ski Championships in Harrachov in 1993 and won two medals at the 2001 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lahti with a gold in the team large hill and a bronze in the team normal hill events. 
Yfke Sturm (born 19 November 1981) is a Dutch model.
Bahia Honda  is an island in the lower Florida Keys.
Duchess Marie of Mecklenburg (baptised Victoria Marie Augustine Louise Antoinette Caroline Leopoldine; 8 May 1878 – 14 October 1948) was the eldest daughter of Adolf Friedrich V, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and Princess Elisabeth of Anhalt.
Cody Garrett Runnels (born June 30, 1985) is an American professional wrestler, promoter, businessman and actor, better known by the ring name Cody Rhodes or simply Cody. He is an executive vice president of All Elite Wrestling, where he also serves as an in-ring talent.
Darya Vitalyevna Pishchalnikova (, born 19 July 1985 in Astrakhan) is a female discus thrower from Russia. Pishchalnikova is the sister of Bogdan Pishchalnikov and Kirill Pishchalnikov.
Theodoric Strabo (died 481) was a Thervingi chieftain who was involved in the politics of the Byzantine Empire during the reigns of Byzantine Emperors Leo I, Zeno and Basiliscus. He was a rival for the leadership of the Ostrogoths with his kinsman Theoderic the Great, who would ultimately supplant him.
Andrius Kubilius (born 8 December 1956) is a Lithuanian politician who was Prime Minister of Lithuania from 1999 to 2000 and again from 2008 to 2012. He was leader of the conservative political party Homeland Union – Lithuanian Christian Democrats. 
Shark Key is an island in the lower Florida Keys about 7 miles east of Key West.
Colonel Luis Florentino Juan Manuel Silvestre de los Dolores de la Carrera y Verdugo (1791 – April 8, 1818) was a Chilean military officer who fought in the Chilean War of Independence. Together with his brothers José Miguel and Juan José, they were some of most important leaders of Chilean struggle for independence during the period of the Patria Vieja . 
Horst "Schimmi" Szymaniak (born 29 August 1934 in Oer-Erkenschwick – died 9 October 2009 in Melle) was a German footballer who played as a midfielder.
Tayabas Bay is a large bay in the southern part of Luzon island in the Philippines. Several islands are located in the bay, largest of which is Marinduque.
Barbara Ann "Bobbi" Humphrey (born April 25, 1950) is an American jazz flutist and singer who plays fusion, jazz-funk, and soul-jazz. She recorded twelve albums and founded the jazz label Paradise Sounds Records. In 1971, she was the first female instrumentalist signed by Blue Note.
KFXX (1080 kHz "1080 The FAN") is a commercial AM radio station in Portland, Oregon. It is owned by Entercom Portland LLC and runs a sports radio format. 
KALI-FM (106.3 FM) is a Vietnamese language radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission  to serve the community of Santa Ana, California, United States. KALI airs musical and entertainment shows. 
Eloy José Olaya Prendes (born 10 July 1964 in Gijón, Asturias), known simply as Eloy, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.
Roquebrune-sur-Argens is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Cordillera de Apaneca is a volcanic mountain range in western El Salvador. It consists mainly of volcanoes. 
The Gold Coast City Art Gallery is a regional Art museum located at Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia. Opened in 1986, the Gallery is funded by the Gold Coast City Council as part of the Gold Coast Art Centre Pty Ltd.
KVEC (920 AM) is a commercial radio station that is licensed to San Luis Obispo, California, United States and serves the Central Coast of California. The station is owned by American General Media and broadcasts a news/talk radio format featuring a variety of nationally syndicated talk shows as well as a program hosted by Dave Congalton.
Norman Rossington (24 December 1928 – 21 May 1999) was an English actor best remembered for his roles in "The Army Game", the "Carry On" films and the Beatles' film "A Hard Day's Night".
Railways of the Slovak Republic  is the state-owned railway infrastructure company in Slovakia.
Butere is a town in Kakamega County of the former Western Province of Kenya. It has an urban population of 4725 (2009 census). Until 2010, the town was the capital of the former Butere/Mumias District.
Sorsogon Bay is a bay in the Bicol Peninsula , located on Luzon island in the Philippines. It is completely surrounded by the province of Sorsogon. The municipalities of Pilar, Juban, Casiguran, Sorsogon City, Castilla and Magallanes are located along its shores.
Cullen Andrew Jones (born February 29, 1984) is an American competition swimmer and Olympic gold medalist who specializes in freestyle sprint events. As part of the American team, he holds the world record in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay . 
Balabac Island is the southern-most island of the Palawan province in the Philippines, only about north from Sabah, Malaysia, across the Balabac Strait.
Barrow/Walney Island Airport  is located on Walney Island, northwest of the centre of Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England. The airport is owned by BAE Systems, who operate private communication flights to locations across the United Kingdom and expanded the airport with new infrastructure and terminal buildings in 2018. 
Papa Westray Airport is located north of Kirkwall Airport on Papa Westray, Orkney Islands, Scotland. The facility is best known for being one of the two airports joined by the shortest scheduled flight in the world, a leg of Loganair's inter-island service, to Westray Airport. 
Sky Broadband is broadband service offered by Sky UK in the United Kingdom. With the introduction of Sky Fibre, Sky Broadband now refers to ADSL broadband products.
Reigny is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Duque de Caxias Futebol Clube, usually known simply as Duque de Caxias, is a Brazilian football team from the city of Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro state. It plays in the Brazilian Série C which is the third division level of the Brazilian football. The club was founded on March 8, 2005.
The River Keer is a river in Lancashire, England.
Carrascal de Barregas is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the city of Salamanca and as of 2016 has a population of 1,117 people. The municipality covers an area of .
The River Conder is a river in the English county of Lancashire.
Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences  was a university in Vilnius, Lithuania, which specialized in preparing school teachers and other educators. As of March 2013 it had approximately 8,500 students and 528 members of academic staff.
Nicky Francis Bailey (born 10 June 1984) is an English professional footballer who plays for Havant & Waterlooville as a midfielder. He has played for the England C national team.
Esporte Clube Tigres do Brasil is a Brazilian football team from the city of Duque de Caxias, Rio de Janeiro state, founded on January 19, 2004.
The River Brun is a river in eastern Lancashire. It is approximately long and has a catchment area  of .
Andy Moor (born Andrew Beardmore; 16 January 1980) is an English DJ, trance Producer and remixer. He used multiple aliases in the past  and was part of many other acts such as Tilt, Whiteroom, Leama & Moor, and Zoo DJ's. He also remixed tracks for major artists, including Paul Oakenfold, Brian Eno, Tiësto, Armin van Buuren, Britney Spears and Arthur Baker.
CKSR-FM  is a Canadian radio station located in Chilliwack, British Columbia. The station, operating at 98.3 FM with 2,100 watts of power, is owned by Rogers Communications. 
Marie-Christine Cazier-Ballo (born 23 August 1963 in Paris) is a retired French sprinter, who specialized in the 200 meters. She set three French records over the distance, the last being 22.32 seconds, when she won a silver medal at the 1986 European Championships. She competed in the women's 200 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Coutouvre is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
WMXC (99.9 FM, "Mix 99.9") is a radio station licensed to serve Mobile, Alabama, United States. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and the broadcast license is held by CC Licenses, LLC. 
Cartelle is a municipality in Ourense  in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.
Klotz Digital AG was a manufacturer of audio media products based in Munich, Germany. 
Elba Ramalho (born August 17, 1951 in Conceição, Paraíba) is a Brazilian songwriter, performer, poet and actress. She is sometimes called "The Queen of Forró".
Laura Celestia "Cettie" Spelman Rockefeller (September 9, 1839 – March 12, 1915) was an American abolitionist, philanthropist, school teacher, and prominent member of the Rockefeller family. Her husband was Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller. 
David Alexander Kerr (January 11, 1909 in Toronto, Ontario - May 11, 1978) was a Canadian NHL goaltender who played for the Montreal Maroons, New York Americans and New York Rangers.
Trasmiras is a municipality in Ourense  in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.
A Arnoia is a municipality in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. It is located to the west of the province.
Tabriz International Airport  is an airport that serves Tabriz, Iran. It is the primary airport of Tabriz. The runway of the airport is mutually being used by Tactical Air Base 2 of the Islamic Republic of Iran Air Force.
Dynamic Duo  is a South Korean hip hop duo that consists of rappers Choiza and Gaeko. They rose to fame with their 2004 debut album, "Taxi Driver", which became the best-selling Korean hip hop album ever. They are signed to Amoeba Culture, a hip hop record label that they founded in 2006.
Seadrill is a deepwater drilling contractor that provides worldwide drilling services to the petroleum industry. It is incorporated in Bermuda and managed from London. 
WSPG (1400 AM) is a radio station licensed to Spartanburg, South Carolina. It is owned by Ryan Delaney, through licensee Fox Sports Spartanburg 2 LLC. The WSPG studios and transmitter are located at 340 Garner Road in Spartanburg.
WQHZ is classic rock formatted broadcast radio station in Erie, Pennsylvania.
WKRZ (98.5 FM, "98.5 KRZ") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Freeland, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Entercom Communications, through licensee Entercom Wilkes-Barre Scranton, LLC, and broadcasts a contemporary hit radio format. Its broadcast tower is located southeast of Wilkes-Barre in Bear Creek Township at .
Louis Charles Antoine Desaix  (17 August 176814 June 1800) was a French general and military leader. According to the usage of the time, he took the name "Louis Charles Antoine Desaix de Veygoux".
Torstar Syndication Services is an operating division of Star Media Group led by the "Toronto Star", Canada's largest daily newspaper. 
Julie Fowlis (born 20 June 1978) is a Scottish folk singer and multi-instrumentalist who sings primarily in Scottish Gaelic.
Palomares del Campo is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. In 2017, it had a population of 642.
Encina de San Silvestre is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 111 people.
Palacios del Arzobispo  is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca in western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located from the provincial capital of Salamanca and has a population of 163 people.
WTLR is a Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to State College, Pennsylvania, serving Central Pennsylvania.
Brian Patrick Cushing (born January 24, 1987) is a former American football linebacker who is currently an assistant strength and conditioning coach for the Houston Texans of the National Football League . He played college football at USC, and was drafted by the Houston Texans in the first round of the 2009 NFL Draft. 
The Institute of Biomaterials and Biomedical Engineering  was founded in 1962 at the University of Toronto . IBBME is home to the common research and teaching interests of the faculties of Applied Science and Engineering, Dentistry, and Medicine at the U of T. Located in the heart of the Toronto Discovery District, IBBME offers research ties with sister departments at U of T, as well as researchers in the Hospital for Sick Children, University Health Network, Mount Sinai Hospital, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, The New Women's College Hospital, St. Michael's Hospital , Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, Bloorview Kids Rehab and MaRS Discovery District.
Oliver Benjamin Gavin (born 29 September 1972), is a British racing driver who joined Corvette Racing in 2002. He has won five American Le Mans Series class championships, five 24 Hours of Le Mans class wins, five 12 Hours of Sebring class wins and five Petit Le Mans class wins.
El Pedernoso is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,268.
Raghupati Sahay (28 August 1896 – 3 March 1982), better known under his pen name Firaq Gorakhpuri, was a writer, critic, and, according to one commentator, one of the most noted contemporary Urdu poets from India. He established himself among peers including Muhammad Iqbal, Yagana Changezi, Jigar Moradabadi and Josh Malihabadi.
La Zarza de Pumareda is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.
La Mata de Ledesma is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 110 people.
El Cerro is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 529 people.
Ploemeur , sometimes written instead as Plœmeur, is a commune in the Morbihan department in the region of Brittany in north-western France.
Mancera de Abajo is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 225 people.
NRG Media is a media company headquartered in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Norman Frederick Lent (March 23, 1931 – June 11, 2012) was an American politician from New York. Under both the Republican and Conservative Party banners, he served in the New York State Senate from 1963 to 1970 and in the United States House of Representatives from 1971 to 1993.
Alt Nation is an alternative rock radio station on Sirius XM Radio channel 36 and on Dish Network channel 9936.
Prestwich Heys A.F.C. is a semi-professional football club based in Prestwich, Greater Manchester, England.
Royal Air Force station Shipdham or more simply RAF Shipdham is a former Royal Air Force station located 3 miles south of Dereham, Norfolk, England.
Screensport was a pan-European sports television channel that broadcast from 1984 to 1993 before merging with Eurosport.
Maurice Norman (born 8 May 1934) is an English former footballer who played nearly 400 times in the Football League as a centre half for Norwich City and Tottenham Hotspur. At international level, Norman won 23 caps for the England national team.
Burns is an English manufacturer of electric guitars and bass guitars, founded by Alice Louise Farrell (1908–1993) and James Ormston  Burns (1925–1998) in 1959. The company was first named Burns-Weill, then renamed Ormston Burns Ltd. At its peak, in the 1960s, it was the most successful guitar company in England.
Marcus Livius Drusus, sometimes referred to as Marcus Livius Drusus the Younger to distinguish him from his homonymous father, was a Roman politician and reformer, most famous as tribune of the plebeians in 91 BC. During his year in office, Drusus proposed wide-ranging legislative reforms, including offering the citizenship to Rome's Italian allies. 
MANWEB  was the regional electricity supplier and distributor for Merseyside, North Wales and parts of Cheshire. It is now part of SP Energy Networks, itself a subsidiary of the Spanish energy company Iberdrola. 
The Janata Party  was an amalgam of Indian political parties opposed to the Emergency that was imposed between 1975 and 1977 by Prime Minister Indira Gandhi of the Indian National Congress. In the 1977 general election, the party defeated the Congress and Janata leader Morarji Desai became the first non-Congress prime minister in independent modern India's history.
Welshpool  is a town and community in Wales, historically in the county of Montgomeryshire, but currently administered as part of the unitary authority of Powys. The town is situated from the Wales–England border and low-lying on the River Severn; its Welsh language name "Y Trallwng" means "the marshy or sinking land". 
SRI International  is an American nonprofit scientific research institute and organization headquartered in Menlo Park, California. The trustees of Stanford University established SRI in 1946 as a center of innovation to support economic development in the region.
Vorkuta  is a coal-mining town in the Komi Republic, Russia, situated just north of the Arctic Circle in the Pechora coal basin at the Usa River. Population: 
Wendell Meredith Stanley (16 August 1904 – 15 June 1971) was an American biochemist, virologist and Nobel laureate.
Whalsay  is the sixth largest of the Shetland Islands in Scotland.
Irbit  is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located from Yekaterinburg by train or by car, on the right bank of the Nitsa River. Population: 
The Raveonettes are a Danish indie rock duo, consisting of Sune Rose Wagner on guitar, instruments and vocals, and Sharin Foo on bass, guitar and vocals. Their music is characterized by close two-part vocal harmonies inspired by The Everly Brothers coupled with hard-edged electric guitar overlaid with liberal doses of noise. 
Westlaw is an online legal research service for lawyers and legal professionals in the United States and the United Kingdom, and is a product of Thomson Reuters. In addition, it provides proprietary database services. 
Allen Harold "Al" Neuharth (March 22, 1924 – April 19, 2013) was an American businessman, author, and columnist born in Eureka, South Dakota. He was the founder of "USA Today", The Freedom Forum, and its Newseum.
Luis Donaldo Colosio Murrieta (; 10 February 1950 – 23 March 1994) was a Mexican politician, economist, and PRI presidential candidate, who was assassinated at a campaign rally in Tijuana during the Mexican presidential campaign of 1994.
Santa Cruz Operation  was a software company based in Santa Cruz, California which was best known for selling three Unix variants for Intel x86 processors: Xenix, SCO UNIX , and UnixWare. Eric Raymond, in his book "The Art of Unix Programming", calls SCO the "first Unix company". 
Hamarkameratene , often abbreviated to HamKam or Ham-Kam, is a Norwegian football club based in the town of Hamar. The club was founded in 1918, originally under the name Freidig.
John Johnston Parker (November 20, 1885 – March 17, 1958) was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. He was an unsuccessful nominee for Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1930. 
Ahmed Boughèra El Ouafi (; 15 October 1898 – 18 October 1959) was an Algerian athlete during the time Algeria was part of France. In 1928, he won the Olympic gold medal in the marathon.
Angerville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region of northwestern France.
Banneville-la-Campagne is a French commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region of north-western France.
Ernst Curtius (; 2 September 1814 – 11 July 1896) was a German archaeologist and historian.
Joachim Peiper (30 January 1915 – 14 July 1976), also known as Jochen Peiper, was a field officer in the Waffen-SS during World War II and personal adjutant to "Reichsführer-SS" Heinrich Himmler between November 1940 and August 1941.
Kyzyl  is the capital city of the Tuva Republic, Russia. The name of the city means "red" or "crimson" in Tuvan . Population: 
Fujairah International Airport  is located south of central Fujairah City, capital of the emirate of Fujairah, United Arab Emirates.
Hindustan  is the Persian name for India, broadly the Indian subcontinent, which later became an endonym used in Hindi-Urdu.
Troon is a town in South Ayrshire, situated on the west coast of Ayrshire in Scotland, about north of Ayr and northwest of Glasgow Prestwick Airport.
Athlete are an English indie rock band formed in Deptford, London, comprising Joel Pott , Carey Willetts , Stephen Roberts  and Tim Wanstall .
John McLane (February 27, 1852 – April 13, 1911) was a furniture maker and politician from Milford, New Hampshire. He was Governor of New Hampshire from 1905 to 1907.
Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff (10 March 1788 – 26 November 1857) was a Prussian poet, novelist, playwright, literary critic, translator, and anthologist. Eichendorff was one of the major writers and critics of Romanticism. 
Hans-Ulrich Rudel (2 July 1916 – 18 December 1982) was a German ground-attack pilot during World War II. Rudel was the most decorated German serviceman of World War II, being the sole recipient of the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves and Swords, and Diamonds in January 1945. 
Tina Louise (born February 11, 1934) is an American actress best known for playing movie star Ginger Grant in the CBS television situation comedy "Gilligan's Island". She began her career on stage during the mid-1950s, before landing her breakthrough role in 1958 drama film "God's Little Acre" for which she received Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year.
Svenska Handelsbanken AB is a Swedish bank providing universal banking services including traditional corporate transactions, investment banking and trading as well as consumer banking including life insurance. Handelsbanken is one of the major banks in Sweden with over 460 branches.
Fairfield University is a private Jesuit university in Fairfield, Connecticut. It was founded by the Society of Jesus in 1942, and today is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. , the university had about 4,100 full-time undergraduate students and 1,100 graduate students 
Joshua Lederberg, ForMemRS (May 23, 1925 – February 2, 2008) was an American molecular biologist known for his work in microbial genetics, artificial intelligence, and the United States space program. He was 33 years old when he won the 1958 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering that bacteria can mate and exchange genes . He shared the prize with Edward Tatum and George Beadle, who won for their work with genetics.
Adrian Keith Goldsworthy (; born 1969) is a British historian and author who specialises in ancient Roman history.
Howard Carter (9 May 18742 March 1939) was a British archaeologist and Egyptologist who became world-famous after discovering the intact tomb (designated KV62) of the 18th Dynasty Pharaoh, Tutankhamun , in November 1922.
Henry Lawrence Garfield (born February 13, 1961), better known as Henry Rollins, is an American singer, songwriter, musician, actor, presenter, comedian, and activist. He currently hosts a weekly radio show on KCRW, is a regular columnist for "Rolling Stone Australia", and was a regular columnist for "LA Weekly".
Henry Purcell  ( September 1659 – 21 November 1695) was an English composer. Although incorporating Italian and French stylistic elements into his compositions, Purcell's legacy was a uniquely English form of Baroque music. He is generally considered to be one of the greatest English composers; no later native-born English composer approached his fame until Edward Elgar, Ralph Vaughan Williams, William Walton and Benjamin Britten in the 20th century.
Izabella Scorupco (born Izabela Dorota Skorupko; 4 June 1970) is a Polish-Swedish actress, singer, and model. She is perhaps best known for having played Bond girl Natalya Simonova in the 1995 James Bond film "GoldenEye".
Isidore of Miletus  was one of the two main Byzantine Greek architects  that Emperor Justinian I commissioned to design the cathedral Hagia Sophia in Constantinople from 532 to 537. The creation of an important compilation of Archimedes' works has been attributed to him. 
The Indus River  is one of the longest rivers in Asia. Originating in the Tibetan Plateau in the vicinity of Lake Manasarovar, the river runs a course through the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir, India, towards the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan and the Hindukush ranges, and then flows in a southerly direction along the entire length of Pakistan to merge into the Arabian Sea near the port city of Karachi in Sindh. 
Juan de Nova Island , "Île Juan de Nova" ), also known as Saint-Christophe, is a French tropical island in the narrowest part of the Mozambique Channel, about one-third of the way between Madagascar and Mozambique. It is a low, flat island, in size.
Joseph Conrad (; born Józef Teodor Konrad Korzeniowski; 3 December 1857 – 3 August 1924) was a Polish-British writer regarded as one of the greatest novelists to write in the English language. Though he did not speak English fluently until his twenties, he was a master prose stylist who brought a non-English sensibility into English literature. 
Sir John Alexander Macdonald (11 January 1815 – 6 June 1891) was the first prime minister of Canada (1867–1873, 1878–1891). The dominant figure of Canadian Confederation, he had a political career which spanned almost half a century.
Johann Friedrich Agricola (4 January 1720 – 2 December 1774) was a German composer, organist, singer, pedagogue, and writer on music. He sometimes wrote under the pseudonym Flavio Anicio Olibrio.
John Edgar Hoover (January 1, 1895 – May 2, 1972) was the first Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation  of the United States and an American law enforcement administrator. He was appointed as the director of the Bureau of Investigation – the FBI's predecessor – in 1924 and was instrumental in founding the FBI in 1935, where he remained director for another 37 years until his death in 1972 at the age of 77. 
John Kilian Houston Brunner (24 September 1934 – 25 August 1995) was a British author of science fiction novels and stories. His 1968 novel "Stand on Zanzibar", about an overpopulated world, won the 1969 Hugo Award for best science fiction novel, and the BSFA award the same year. "The Jagged Orbit" won the BSFA award in 1970.
John Maynard Smith (6 January 1920 – 19 April 2004) was a British theoretical and mathematical evolutionary biologist and geneticist. Originally an aeronautical engineer during the Second World War, he took a second degree in genetics under the well-known biologist J. B. S. Haldane. Maynard Smith was instrumental in the application of game theory to evolution with George R. Price, and theorised on other problems such as the evolution of sex and signalling theory.
John Edward Masefield (; 1 June 1878 – 12 May 1967) was an English poet and writer and the Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom from 1930 until 1967. Among his best known works are the children's novels "The Midnight Folk" and "The Box of Delights", and the poems "The Everlasting Mercy" and "Sea-Fever".
John Adam Belushi (January 24, 1949 – March 5, 1982) was an American comedian, actor, and singer who is best known for his "intense energy and raucous attitude" that he displayed as one of the seven original cast members of the NBC sketch comedy show "Saturday Night Live" . Throughout his career, Belushi had a close personal and artistic partnership with his fellow "SNL" star Dan Aykroyd, whom he met while they were both working at Chicago's The Second City comedy club.
James Douglas Muir Leno (; born April 28, 1950) is an American comedian, actor, writer, producer, and television host. After doing stand-up comedy for years, he became the host of NBC's "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" from 1992 to 2009. 
Jule Styne (; born Julius Kerwin Stein, December 31, 1905 – September 20, 1994) was a British-American song writer and composer known for a series of Broadway musicals, which include several famous and frequently revived shows which also became successful films, including "Gypsy", "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes", and "Funny Girl".
KDE is an international free software community developing Free and Open Source software. As a central development hub, it provides tools and resources that allow collaborative work on this kind of software. Well-known products include the Plasma Desktop, KDE Frameworks and a range of cross-platform applications like Krita or digikam designed to run on Unix and Unix-like desktops, Microsoft Windows and Android.
Kofi Atta Annan (; 8 April 193818 August 2018) was a Ghanaian diplomat who served as the seventh Secretary-General of the United Nations from January 1997 to December 2006. Annan and the UN were the co-recipients of the 2001 Nobel Peace Prize. He was the founder and chairman of the Kofi Annan Foundation, as well as chairman of The Elders, an international organization founded by Nelson Mandela.
Kurt Josef Waldheim (; 21 December 1918 – 14 June 2007) was an Austrian diplomat and politician. Waldheim was the fourth Secretary-General of the United Nations from 1972 to 1981, and President of Austria from 1986 to 1992. While he was running for the latter office in the 1986 election, the revelation of his service in Thessaloniki, Greece and in Yugoslavia, as an intelligence officer in Nazi Germany's "Wehrmacht" during World War II raised international controversy.
Krakatoa, or Krakatau , is a caldera in the Sunda Strait between the islands of Java and Sumatra in the Indonesian province of Lampung. The name is also used for the surrounding volcanic island group  comprising four islands: two of which, Lang and Verlaten, are remnants of a previous volcanic edifice destroyed in eruptions long before the famous 1883 eruption; another, Rakata, is the remnant of a much larger island destroyed in the 1883 eruption.
Kirillov  is a town and the administrative center of Kirillovsky District in Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on the shores of Lakes Siverskoye and Dolgoye, northwest of Vologda, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Allan Johnstone Massie (born 16 October 1938) is a Scottish journalist, columnist, sports writer and novelist. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. 
Lambton Shores is a municipality in Lambton County, Ontario, Canada, that is on the southern shores of Lake Huron.
Jasiel Amon Robinson (born April 2, 1983), better known by his stage name Yung Joc, is an American rapper. He is best known for his hit single "It's Goin' Down".
Arlen Ingolf Erdahl (born February 27, 1931) served as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1963 to 1970, Minnesota Secretary of State from 1971–1975 and was a U.S. Representative from Minnesota, serving the first district from 1979–1983, in the 96th and 97th congresses.
OFC Vihren  is a Bulgarian football club from the town of Sandanski, currently playing in the South-West Third League. Sandanski's home ground is the Sandanski Stadium in Sandanski with a capacity of 6,000. 
Hans Georg Wenzeslaus von Knobelsdorff (17 February 1699 – 16 September 1753) was a painter and architect in Prussia.
Elsdorf is a town in the Rhein-Erft-Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is situated approximately 5 km south-west of Bergheim and 30 km west of Cologne.
Isla de la Cartuja  is an island in the Guadalquivir River at Seville, Spain.
The Limonlu River , also known as "Gökler Deresi", is a river of ancient Cilicia, now in Mersin Province, Turkey. 
Charles Clinton Gossett (September 2, 1888 – September 20, 1974) was an American politician from Idaho. He served as the 20th Governor of Idaho and a United States Senator, but was in both offices less than a year.
Alfred Junge (29 January 1886, Görlitz, Silesia (now Saxony), Germany – 16 July 1964, London) was a German-born production designer who spent a large part of his career working in the British film industry.
The Bohemia River is a tributary of the Elk River on the Delmarva Peninsula. It is located in Cecil County, Maryland, with its headwaters extending into New Castle County, Delaware.
Mandelieu-la Napoule  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France, located on the French Riviera just to the southwest of Cannes and northeast of Théoule-sur-Mer.
The Association of Advanced Rabbinical and Talmudic Schools  is a faith-based national accreditation association for Rabbinical and Talmudic schools. It is based in New York, NY and is recognized by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation and United States Department of Education.
The Little River is a tributary of the St. Francis River, about long, in southeastern Missouri and northeastern Arkansas in the United States. Via the St. Francis, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
Melody Gardot (born February 2, 1985) is an American jazz singer who has been influenced by such blues and jazz artists as Judy Garland, Janis Joplin, Miles Davis, Duke Ellington, Stan Getz and George Gershwin as well as Latin music artists such as Caetano Veloso. She has been nominated for a Grammy Award.
Servas is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Club de Futbol Reus Deportiu, S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Reus, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1909, it holds home games at "Estadi Municipal", with a capacity of 4,700 seats.
Bad Laasphe  is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, in the Siegen-Wittgenstein district.
Erwitte  is a town in the district of Soest, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Henry I of Lower Bavaria, member of the Wittelsbach dynasty (19 November 1235 – 3 February 1290 in Burghausen) was Duke of Lower Bavaria. As Duke of Bavaria, he is also called Henry XIII.
Sophia Frederica of Mecklenburg-Schwerin (24 August 1758 – 29 November 1794) was a Princess and Duchess of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and by marriage Hereditary Princess of Denmark and Norway.
Central University of Finance and Economics , is a research university located in Beijing, China.
Anne of Bohemia and Austria (12 April 1432 – 13 November 1462) was a Duchess of Luxembourg in her own right and, as a consort, Landgravine of Thuringia and of Saxony.
Peter Hacks (21 March 1928 – 28 August 2003) was a German playwright, author, and essayist.
Maciej Kazimierz Sarbiewski (in Latin, "Matthias Casimirus Sarbievius"; Lithuanian: "Motiejus Kazimieras Sarbievijus"; Sarbiewo, Poland, 24 February 1595 – 2 April 1640, Warsaw, Poland), was Europe's most prominent Latin poet of the 17th century, and a renowned theoretician of poetics.
William of Apulia  was a chronicler of the Normans, writing in the 1090s. His Latin epic, Gesta Roberti Wiscardi , written in hexameters, is one of the principal contemporary sources for the Norman conquest of southern Italy, especially the career of Robert Guiscard, Duke of Apulia (1059–1085).
Chóngzuǒ  is a prefecture-level city in the south of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region along the Sino-Vietnamese border. It is home to one of China's largest Zhuang populations.
Christine "Christy" Haigler (married name: Krall, born January 5, 1948) is an American former competitive figure skater. She is the 1963 and 1965 U.S. silver medalist and 1964 bronze medalist. She represented the United States at the 1964 Winter Olympics, where she placed 7th. 
Kathryn "Kathy" Jordan (born December 3, 1959) is a former American tennis player. During her career, she won seven Grand Slam titles, five of them in women's doubles and two in mixed doubles. 
Barbara Jagiellon (15 July 1478 – 15 February 1534), was a Polish princess member of the Jagiellonian dynasty and by marriage Duchess of Saxony.
The Museum of the Roman Civilization  is a museum in Rome , devoted to aspects of the Ancient Roman civilization.
Evelyne Leu (born 7 July 1976) is a former Swiss freestyle skier. 
S. Fischer Verlag is a major German publishing house, which has operated as a division of Holtzbrinck Publishing Group since 1962. The publisher was based founded in 1886 by Samuel Fischer in Berlin, but is currently based in Frankfurt am Main and is generally counted among the most prestigious publishing houses in the German-speaking world. 
Schermbeck is a municipality in the district of Wesel, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Jorge  Urosa  (born August 28, 1942) is a Venezuelan Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Caracas from 2005 to 2018. 
Violant of Hungary (c. 1215 – c. 1251) was a Queen consort of Aragon and the second wife of King James I of Aragon. She is also called Jolán in Hungarian, Iolanda or Violant d'Hongria in Catalan and Yolanda or Violante de Hungría in Spanish.
Circle of Dead Children is a deathgrind band formed on October 24, 1998, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Trebnje  is a town in southeastern Slovenia.
Tigranes III (50s BC–8 BC) was a Prince of the Kingdom of Armenia and member of the Artaxiad Dynasty who served as a Roman Client King of Armenia
Hebburn is a small town situated on the south bank of the River Tyne in North East England sandwiched between the towns of Jarrow and Gateshead and to the south of Walker. The population of Hebburn was 18,808 in 2001, reducing to 16,492 at the 2011 Census for the 2 Hebburn Wards .
Sinzig is a town in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is situated on the river Rhine, about 5 km south-east of Remagen and 25 km south-east of Bonn, and it has approximately 20,000 inhabitants (2004).
Erbach an der Donau is a town on the Danube River in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Located in the Alb-Donau District, Erbach lies between Ulm and Ehingen an der Donau on the southern edge of the Swabian Jura.
Wissen is a town in the district of Altenkirchen, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is situated on the river Sieg, approximately 12 km northeast of Altenkirchen.
Jin Sun-Yu (Hangul: 진선유, Hanja: 陳善有, born December 17, 1988 in Daegu, South Korea) is a South Korean short-track speed skater. She is a triple Olympic Champion from 2006 and a three-time Overall World Champion (for 2005–2007).
Erich Kempka (16 September 1910 – 24 January 1975) was a member of the SS in Nazi Germany who served as Adolf Hitler's primary chauffeur from 1934 to April 1945. He was present in the area of the Reich Chancellery on 30 April 1945, when Hitler shot himself in the "Führerbunker". 
Al-Zabadani or Az-Zabadani  is a city and popular hill station in southwestern Syria in the Rif Dimashq Governorate, close to the border with Lebanon. It is located in the center of a green valley surrounded by high mountains at an elevation of around 1,100 m. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics , Al-Zabadani had a population of 26,285 in the 2004 census. 
Smithfield  is a street with a length of approximately 1,300 m in Kennedy Town, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong. Its northern section is a commercial and residential area, while its southern section is a road connecting it to Pok Fu Lam Road. 
The River Wheelock is a small river in Cheshire in north west England. It drains water from the area between Sandbach and Crewe, and joins the River Dane at Middlewich , and then the combined river flows into the River Weaver in Northwich. 
Georgia Avenue is a major north-south artery in Northwest Washington, D.C. and Montgomery County, Maryland. Within the District of Columbia and a short distance in Silver Spring, Maryland, Georgia Avenue is also U.S. Route 29. Both Howard University and Walter Reed Army Medical Center are located on Georgia Avenue.
Christina  Wilhelmina Baas-Kaiser (born 20 May 1938) is a former speed skater from the Netherlands.
Meltem Cumbul (born 5 November 1969 in Akşehir, Turkey) is a Turkish actress and TV personality.
Kelli McCarty (born September 6, 1969) is an American actress, model, and photographer who was crowned Miss USA in 1991. She is best known for her role as Beth Wallace on the U.S. television soap opera "Passions" from 1999-2006.
Humanitas  is an independent Romanian publishing house, founded on February 1, 1990  in Bucharest by the philosopher Gabriel Liiceanu, based on a state-owned publishing house, Editura Politică. Its slogan is "Humanitas, bunul gust al libertăţii" .
The Institute for Defense Analyses  is an American non-profit corporation that administers three federally funded research and development centers  – the Systems and Analyses Center , the Science and Technology Policy Institute , and the Center for Communications and Computing  – to assist the United States government in addressing national security issues, particularly those requiring scientific and technical expertise. It is headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia.
Baucau  is the second-largest city in East Timor, after Dili, the capital, which lies 122 km east of Dili.
Lee Ho-suk (, Hanja: 李昊錫, ; born June 25, 1986) is a South Korean short track speedskater. He won a gold medal as a part of 5000 m short-track relay team and four silver medals in 2006 Winter Olympics held in Turin, Italy. He is the overall world champion for 2009 and 2010.
Alfred Rehder (4 September 1863 in Waldenburg, Saxony – 25 July 1949 in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts) was a German-American botanical taxonomist and dendrologist who worked at the Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University. He is generally regarded as the foremost dendrologist of his generation.
Ronald Glen "Big Baby" Davis (born January 1, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the St. John's Edge of the National Basketball League of Canada. He played for the Boston Celtics, Orlando Magic and Los Angeles Clippers in the National Basketball Association . 
The Candover Brook is a 1.2 km chalk stream in the English county of Hampshire. It is a tributary of the River Itchen, which it joins near the town of New Alresford. 
Zastava Trucks  is a Serbian truck manufacturer based in the city of Kragujevac, Serbia. It is a subsidiary of Group Zastava Vehicles which declared bankruptcy in May 2017. 
Metekhi  is a historic neighborhood of Tbilisi, Georgia, located on the elevated cliff that overlooks the Mtkvari river. The neighborhood is home to the eponymous Metekhi Church of Assumption.
Robert Costanza (born September 14, 1950) is an ecological economist and Professor of Public Policy at the Crawford School of Public Policy at The Australian National University.
Gottfried Kirch (; also Kirche , Kirkius; December 18, 1639 – July 25, 1710) was a German astronomer and the first 'Astronomer Royal' in Berlin and, as such, director of the nascent Berlin Observatory.
Mark Iuliano (; born 12 August 1973) is an Italian football manager and a former professional footballer who played as a defender. Following his retirement he worked as a coach. He is currently working as Igor Tudor's assistant at Serie A club Udinese.
UFM100.3 is a Mandarin radio station in Singapore that plays Mandopop from the post 2000s to the current hits. The station is maintained by SPH Radio, which also owns a number of Chinese media publications such as "Lianhe Zaobao, Lianhe Wanbao, Shin Min Daily News, and UWeekly".
Konka Group Co., Ltd.  is a Chinese manufacturer of electronics products headquartered in Shenzhen, Guangdong and listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
August Ferdinand Howaldt (23 October 1809 – 4 August 1883) was a German engineer and ship builder. The German sculptor Georg Ferdinand Howaldt was his brother.
Animal Liberation Orchestra  is a California rock band currently signed to Jack Johnson's Brushfire Records label. They have released four full-length albums for Brushfire, as well as a number of prior independent releases including a film soundtrack. 
Centennial Communications and its subsidiaries  provided wireless and broadband telecommunications services to wireless telephone subscribers in the United States, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. On March 13, 2007 Centennial Communications completed the sale of Centennial Dominicana to Trilogy International Partners for approximately $80 million in cash.<ref name="http://www.ir.centennialwireless.com"></ref>
Pontian Kechil  is a town and the capital of Pontian District, Johor, Malaysia.
The Kingdom of Pajang (1568–1586) was a short-lived Muslim state in Java. It was established by Hadiwijaya or Jaka Tingkir, Lord of Boyolali, after a civil war and was a successor to Sultanate of Demak. 
White Bay is a bay on Sydney Harbour with a surrounding locality near the suburbs of Balmain and Rozelle in the Inner West of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Byun Chun-sa (Hangul: 변천사; born November 23, 1987 in Seoul) is a South Korean short track speed skater who won gold in the 3000m relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
EXALEAD is a software company, created in 2000, that provided search platforms and search-based applications  for consumer and business users. The company is headquartered in Paris, France, and is a subsidiary of Dassault Systèmes .
El Campillo, or Campillo, is a municipality in the province of Huelva, Spain. It was reported in the 2005 census with 2,318 inhabitants.
Isla Cristina is a city and municipality located in the province of Huelva, Spain. According to the 2009 census, the city has a population of 21,324 inhabitants.
Nerva is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva, southern Spain.
Algar is a city in the province of Cádiz, Spain. According to the 2005 census, the city has 1,644 inhabitants. Algar is in the White Towns of Andalusia to an altitude of 212 meters.
Aroche  is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva, Spain. According to the 2005 census, the city has a population of 3,319 inhabitants.
WMHK FM 89.7 is a non-commercial Christian radio station in Columbia, South Carolina. It is owned and operated by the Educational Media Foundation. Its programming is Contemporary Christian music programmed from K-LOVE studios in Rocklin, California.
Cape St. Francis  is a village in South Africa, situated on a headland in the Eastern Cape Province. It is popular for its clean beaches and as a surfing location. 
Yeongnyu of Goguryeo (? – 642) was the 27th monarch of Goguryeo, the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea, from 618 to 642.
Friedrich Hildebrandt (19 September 1898, Parchim, Mecklenburg-Schwerin – 5 November 1948, Landsberg am Lech) was an SS-"Obergruppenführer", a "Gauleiter" and adjudged and executed for war crimes committed during the time of Nazi Germany.
Clifford John Bole (November 9, 1937 – February 15, 2014) was a director of a number of American and Canadian television programs. He directed episodes of "The Six Million Dollar Man", "Vega$", "Charlie's Angels", "V: The Series", "Baywatch", "The X-Files", "", "" and "" among others. 
Simen Hestnæs (born March 4, 1974, in Oslo, Norway), better known by his stage name I.C.S. Vortex or simply Vortex, is a Norwegian musician. He is the vocalist of the similarly named band ICS Vortex, the avant-garde metal band Arcturus, and the doom metal band Lamented Souls. He is also the vocalist and bass guitarist to the progressive black metal band Borknagar, and the former bass guitarist and backing vocalist for the Norwegian symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir.
Shauna L. Rohbock (born April 4, 1977) is a soldier in the U.S. Army National Guard, an Olympic medal-winning bobsledder, and former professional soccer player. After retiring from competitions she worked as a bobsled coach at the Utah Olympic Park.
Hornady Manufacturing Company is an American manufacturer of ammunition and handloading components, based in Grand Island, Nebraska.
Eagle Rock Entertainment is an international producer and distributor of music films and programming for cinema, television, DVD, Blu-ray, and downloadable media. Based in London, Eagle Rock has produced and/or distributed live concert and documentary films and programmes in various formats, featuring Talk Talk, Queen, The Rolling Stones, Pink Floyd, The Who, The Moody Blues, John Lennon, Paul McCartney, Elton John, Toto, The Doors, ZZ Top, Gary Moore, Cher, Eric Clapton, Tina Turner, Peter Gabriel, Madonna, Nirvana, U2, Metallica, Eminem, Dream Theater, the Talking Heads, Jeff Beck, Katy Perry, Slipknot, and Supertramp.
Asbach is a municipality in the district of Neuwied, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is situated in the Westerwald, approx. 25 km north of Neuwied, and 25 km south-east of Bonn.
Augustana is an American rock band from San Diego, California that has released five albums and an EP while being signed to Epic Records and Razor & Tie. They are best known for their song "Boston" and the album "All the Stars and Boulevards", both entering the Billboard charts. 
Chan Siu Ki (, born 14 July 1985 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who plays as a striker for Hong Kong Premier League club Pegasus. He is the all-time top scorer for the Hong Kong national football team with 37 goals. 
Waldrach is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, near Trier.
The National Transport Museum of Ireland  is based in the grounds of Howth Castle in Ireland.
Oriental Brewery or OB  is a South Korean brewery currently owned by AB InBev, and initially founded by Doosan Group.
Nasmyth, Gaskell and Company, originally called The Bridgewater Foundry, specialised in the production of heavy machine tools and locomotives. It was located in Patricroft, in Salford England, close to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway, the Bridgewater Canal and the Manchester Ship Canal. The company was founded in 1836 and dissolved in 1940.
Herold Dominic "Muddy" Ruel (February 20, 1896 – November 13, 1963) was an American professional baseball player, coach, manager and general manager. He played as a catcher in Major League Baseball for 19 seasons with the St. Louis Browns, New York Yankees, Washington Senators, Boston Red Sox, Detroit Tigers, and the Chicago White Sox. Ruel was one of the top defensive catchers of his era, and is notable for scoring the winning run for the Washington Senators in Game 7 of the 1924 World Series and, for being the battery-mate of Baseball Hall of Fame pitcher, Walter Johnson.
Democrata Futebol Clube, also referred to as Democrata de Sete Lagoas, Democrata-SL or just Democrata, is a Brazilian association football team from the city of Sete Lagoas in Minas Gerais state.
Michael Hartley Freedman (born 21 April 1951) is an American mathematician, at Microsoft Station Q, a research group at the University of California, Santa Barbara. In 1986, he was awarded a Fields Medal for his work on the 4-dimensional Generalized Poincaré conjecture. 
Les Moutiers-en-Auge is a commune in the department of Calvados in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Edward McDaniel (June 19, 1938 – April 18, 2002) was a Choctaw-Chickasaw Native American who achieved fame as a professional American football player and later as a professional wrestler. He is notable for having held the NWA United States Heavyweight Championship five times. McDaniel was a major star in prominent National Wrestling Alliance affiliated promotions such as Championship Wrestling from Florida, Georgia Championship Wrestling, NWA Big Time Wrestling  and Jim Crockett Promotions (which would ultimately become WCW after being purchased by media mogul Ted Turner in 1988).
Lappeenranta-Lahti University of Technology LUT  was established in 1969 in Finland. The university's Lappeenranta campus is situated on the shore of lake Saimaa – the 4th biggest lake in Europe. LUT University's second campus is in Lahti.
Old Trafford  is a football stadium in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England, and the home of Manchester United. With a capacity of 74,994, it is the largest club football stadium  in the United Kingdom, and the eleventh-largest in Europe. It is about from Old Trafford Cricket Ground and the adjacent tram stop.
The Tano or Tanoé River is a river in Ghana. It flows for 400 kilometres from Techiman in Ghana to Ehy Lagoon, Tendo Lagoon and finally Aby Lagoon in Ivory Coast where it enters the Atlantic Ocean. 
Cross Generation Entertainment, or CrossGen, was an American comic book publisher and entertainment company that operated from 1998 to 2004. The company's assets were acquired by The Walt Disney Company in 2004, and designated to Disney Publishing Worldwide. 
Frederick Carl Redlich  (June 2, 1910 – January 1, 2004) was a psychiatrist and academic administrator. He was dean of the Yale School of Medicine from 1967 to 1972.
Rainmaker Studios, alongside its television production division Mainframe Studios, previously known as Rainmaker Entertainment, Inc. , is a Canadian computer animation and design company based in Vancouver, British Columbia. They are best known for producing the world's first ever entirely-CGI animated TV series, "ReBoot", the Transformers spin-offs, "" and "", and for producing the majority of the entries in the Barbie film series for Mattel. Rainmaker has released two feature films - "Escape from Planet Earth" and "Ratchet & Clank" .
Plettenberg Bay, nicknamed Plet or Plett, is the primary town of the Bitou Local Municipality in the Western Cape Province of South Africa. As of the census of 2001, there were 29,149 population. 
The Colorado Senate is the upper house of the Colorado General Assembly, the state legislature of the US state of Colorado. It is composed of 35 members elected from single-member districts, with each district having a population of about 123,000 as of the 2000 census. 
Christopher Latham Sholes (February 14, 1819 – February 17, 1890) was an American inventor who invented the QWERTY keyboard, and along with Samuel W. Soule, Carlos Glidden and John Pratt, has been contended as one of the inventors of the first typewriter in the United States. He was also a newspaper publisher and Wisconsin politician.
Craterus or Krateros (; c. 370 BC – 321 BC) was an ancient Macedonian general under Alexander the Great and one of the Diadochi.
Blagoveshchensk  is a city and the administrative center of Amur Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Amur and Zeya Rivers, opposite to the Chinese city of Heihe. Population: 
Josaphat Kuntsevych, O.S.B.M., ( – 12 November 1623)  was a Polish-Lithuanian monk and archeparch  of the Ruthenian Catholic Church, who on 12 November 1623 was killed by an angry mob in Vitebsk, Vitebsk Voivodeship, in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth . He is "the best-known victim" of anti-Catholic violence related to implementing the Union of Brest, and is declared a martyr and saint of the Catholic Church.
Vasiliy Vasilievich Ulrikh (, July 13, 1889 – May 7, 1951) was a senior judge of the Soviet Union during most of the regime of Joseph Stalin. In this capacity, Ulrikh served as the presiding judge at many of the major show trials of the Great Purges in the Soviet Union.
Pan American-Grace Airways, better known as Panagra, was an airline formed as a joint venture between Pan American World Airways and Grace Shipping Company.
Nikolayevsk-on-Amur  is a town in Khabarovsk Krai, Russia located on the Amur River close to its liman in the Pacific Ocean. Population: 
The Rocket Summer is the solo-project of Bryce Avary who is based in Dallas–Fort Worth, Texas. Avary is a multi-instrumentalist, singer-songwriter, and producer. 
The Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly is the deliberative assembly of the General Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador of the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. The Assembly meets in the Confederation Building at St. John's. 
Klaus von Klitzing (born 28 June 1943, Schroda) is a German physicist, known for discovery of the integer quantum Hall effect, for which he was awarded the 1985 Nobel Prize in Physics.
Albert I  (c. 1175 – 7 October 1260) was a Duke of Saxony, Angria, and Westphalia; Lord of Nordalbingia; Count of Anhalt; and Prince-elector and Archmarshal of the Holy Roman Empire. Even though his grandfather Albert the Bear had held the Saxon dukedom between 1138 and 1142, this Albert is counted as the first.
Ouistreham  is a commune in the Calvados department in Normandie region in northwestern France.
Pierrepont is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Lindsay Marie Whalen Greve (born May 9, 1982) is the head coach of the University of Minnesota's women's basketball team.
Carel Struycken (; born 30 July 1948) is a Dutch film, television, and stage actor. He is best known for playing the Giant/Fireman in "Twin Peaks" (1990–1991, 2017), in "" (1987–1992), and Lurch in the films "The Addams Family" (1991), "Addams Family Values" (1993), "Addams Family Reunion" (1998), and Gerald's Game (2018).
Cecilia Bartoli, (; born 4 June 1966) is an Italian coloratura mezzo-soprano opera singer and recitalist. She is best known for her interpretations of the music of Bellini, Mozart and Rossini, as well as for her performances of lesser-known Baroque and Classical music. 
William Hedgcock Webster (born March 6, 1924) is an American attorney and jurist serving as Chair of the Homeland Security Advisory Council since 2005. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri and a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit before becoming Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation  from 1978 to 1987 and Director of Central Intelligence  from 1987 to 1991—the only person to have held both of these positions.
Reux is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Ryes is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Angres is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Jessica Claire Timberlake ("née" Biel ; born March 3, 1982) is an American actress and model. Biel began her career as a vocalist appearing in musical productions until she was cast as Mary Camden in the family drama series "7th Heaven", for which she achieved recognition. The series is the longest-running series that aired on The WB channel and the longest-running family drama in television history.
Dungannon  is a town in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is the third-largest town in the county  and had a population of 15,889 at the 2011 Census. The Dungannon and South Tyrone Borough Council had its headquarters in the town, though since 2015 it has been covered by Mid-Ulster District Council.
James Maurice "Jumpin' Jim" Gavin (March 22, 1907 – February 23, 1990) was a senior United States Army officer, with the rank of lieutenant general, who was the third Commanding General  of the 82nd Airborne Division during World War II. During the war, he was often referred to as "The Jumping General" because of his practice of taking part in combat jumps with the paratroopers under his command; he was the only American general officer to make four combat jumps in the war.
Zail Singh (; born Jarnail Singh, 5 May 1916 – 25 December 1994) was the seventh President of India serving from 1982 to 1987. Prior to his presidency, he was a politician with the Indian National Congress party, and had held several ministerial posts in the Union Cabinet, including that of Home Minister. 
Zoe Karbonopsina, also Karvounopsina or Carbonopsina, i.e., "with the Coal-Black Eyes" , was an empress consort and regent of the Byzantine empire. She was the fourth spouse of the Byzantine Emperor Leo VI the Wise and the mother of Constantine VII, serving as his regent from 914 until 919.
Glynneath , also spelt "Glyn Neath", is a small town, community and electoral ward lying on the River Neath in the county borough of Neath Port Talbot, Wales. It was formerly in the historic county of Glamorgan. 
Curtis Tracy McMullen (born May 21, 1958) is an American mathematician who is the Cabot Professor of Mathematics at Harvard University. He was awarded the Fields Medal in 1998 for his work in complex dynamics, hyperbolic geometry and Teichmüller theory.
Edwin Denison Morgan (February 8, 1811February 14, 1883) was the 21st Governor of New York from 1859 to 1862 and served in the United States Senate from 1863 to 1869. He was the first and longest-serving chairman of the Republican National Committee. He was also a Union Army general during the American Civil War.
Longreach Airport is situated in Longreach, Queensland, Australia. The airport is northeast of the city.
Felice Romani (31 January 178828 January 1865) was an Italian poet and scholar of literature and mythology who wrote many librettos for the opera composers Donizetti and Bellini. Romani was considered the finest Italian librettist between Metastasio and Boito.
The Royal Hibernian Academy  is an artist-based and artist-oriented institution in Ireland, founded in Dublin in 1823.
Victor is a town in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 14,275 at the 2010 census. The town is named after Claudius Victor Boughton, an American hero of the War of 1812.
Laurence George Luckinbill (born November 21, 1934) is an American actor, playwright and director. He has worked in television, film, and theatre, doing triple duty in the theatre by writing, directing, and starring in stage productions. He is probably best known for penning and starring in one-man shows based upon the lives of United States President Theodore Roosevelt, author Ernest Hemingway, and famous American defense attorney Clarence Darrow; starring in a one-man show based upon the life of US President Lyndon Baines Johnson; and for his portrayal of Spock's half-brother Sybok in the film "".
The Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea  is the ruling political party in Equatorial Guinea. It was established by President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo as the country's sole legal political organization on 11 October 1987.
Bernhard Schlink (born 6 July 1944) is a German lawyer, academic, and novellist. He is best known for his novel "The Reader" which was first published in 1995 and became an international bestseller.
Tara Donna Reid (born November 8, 1975) is an American actress. She played Vicky in the films "American Pie" (1999), "American Pie 2" (2001) and "American Reunion" (2012), and Bunny Lebowski in "The Big Lebowski" (1998). 
Dirk Nicolaas Advocaat (; born 27 September 1947) is a Dutch former football player and currently the manager of FC Utrecht.
Mountain Ash  is a town  in the Cynon Valley, within the County Borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.
Saint-Germain-Langot is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Khaosan Road or Khao San Road  is a short (410 meter long) street in central Bangkok, Thailand constructed in 1892 during the reign of Rama V. It is in the Bang Lamphu area of Phra Nakhon District about north of the Grand Palace and Wat Phra Kaew.
Jeffrey Nero Hardy (born August 31, 1977) is an American professional wrestler, singer-songwriter, painter, and musician. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand. 
The Rappahannock River is a river in eastern Virginia, in the United States, approximately in length. It traverses the entire northern part of the state, from the Blue Ridge Mountains in the west where it rises, across the Piedmont to the Fall Line, and onward through the coastal plain to flow into the Chesapeake Bay, south of the Potomac River.
Jacqueline (; ; 15 July 1401 – 8 October 1436), was a Duchess of Bavaria-Straubing, Countess of Holland and Zeeland and Countess of Hainaut from 1417 to 1433. She was also Dauphine of France for a short time between 1415 and 1417 and Duchess of Gloucester in the 1420s, if her marriage to Humphrey, Duke of Gloucester, is accepted as valid.
Francis Beaumont (1584 – 6 March 1616) was a dramatist in the English Renaissance theatre, most famous for his collaborations with John Fletcher.
Saint-Manvieu-Norrey is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Craig Theodore Nelson (born April 4, 1944) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Hayden Fox in the television series "Coach" , Deputy Ward Wilson in the 1980 film "Stir Crazy", Steven Freeling in the 1982 film "Poltergeist", the warden in "My Name is Earl", and the Superhero father Mr. Incredible in the 2004 film "The Incredibles" and its 2018 sequel. 
Dana Snyder (born November 14, 1973) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, producer and voice actor. He is known for voicing Master Shake on "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" and Granny Cuyler on "Squidbillies". 
Abhimanyu was a character of the ancient Indian epic "Mahabharata".
Hollywood Entertainment Corp. , more commonly known as Hollywood Video, was a home video and video game rental shop company started in 1988. The chain was the largest direct competitor to Blockbuster Video until it was purchased by Movie Gallery in 2005.
Public Broadcasting Services Limited  is the public broadcaster of Malta. PBS is funded by government grants and the sale of commercial airtime. 
The is a major river in Yamanashi, Kanagawa and Tokyo Prefectures on Honshū, Japan. It is officially classified as a Class 1 river by the Japanese government. Its total length is , and the total of the river's basin area spans .
Falconer is a Swedish folk/power metal band from Mjölby, formed in 1999 by the former guitarist of Mithotyn, Stefan Weinerhall. Falconer carry on many of the traditions set by Weinerhall's previous band and play a style of power metal that utilizes folk instrumentation and melody to create a more medieval sound.
Gex  is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Michael David Jones (born 24 April 1945 in Shireoaks, Nottinghamshire, England) is a former footballer who played as centre forward with Leeds United during the 1960s and 1970s. He was also capped for England.
Skyfire is a melodic death metal band from Höör, Sweden.
John Joyce Gilligan (March 22, 1921 – August 26, 2013) was an American Democratic politician from the state of Ohio who served as a U.S. Representative and as the 62nd Governor of Ohio from 1971 to 1975. He was the father of Kathleen Sebelius, who later served as Governor of Kansas and United States Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
George White (August 21, 1872 – December 15, 1953) was the 52nd Governor of Ohio.
Alan White (born 14 June 1949) is an English drummer and songwriter best known for his tenure in the progressive rock band Yes, which he joined in 1972. In 1969, he joined the Plastic Ono Band after John Lennon invited him to play at the Toronto Rock and Roll Revival festival. 
Weehawken Cove is a cove on the west bank of the Hudson River between the New Jersey municipalities of Hoboken to the south and Weehawken to the north. At the perimeter of the cove are completed sections the Hudson River Waterfront Walkway, offering views of Manhattan and the Palisades. 
John Brown (September 12, 1757August 29, 1837) was an American lawyer and statesman who participated in the development and formation of the State of Kentucky after the American Revolutionary War.
Judith Krantz (née Tarcher; January 9, 1928 – June 22, 2019) was an American novelist who wrote in the romance genre. Her works included "Scruples", "Princess Daisy", and "Till We Meet Again".
Winston Ntshona (6 October 1941 – 2 August 2018) was a South African playwright and actor. He won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play in 1975.
Farrar, Straus and Giroux  is an American book publishing company, founded in 1946 by Roger Williams Straus Jr. and John C. Farrar. FSG is known for publishing literary books, and its authors have won numerous awards, including Pulitzer Prizes, National Book Awards, and Nobel Peace Prizes. The publisher is currently a division of Macmillan, whose parent company is the German publishing conglomerate Holtzbrinck Publishing Group.
Maurice de Vlaminck (4 April 1876 – 11 October 1958) was a French painter. Along with André Derain and Henri Matisse he is considered one of the principal figures in the Fauve movement, a group of modern artists who from 1904 to 1908 were united in their use of intense colour. 
Louis I, called the Lame (1279 – 22 January 1341) was Count of Clermont-en-Beauvaisis and La Marche and the first Duke of Bourbon.
Michael Ray Turner (born January 11, 1960) is the U.S. Representative for , serving in Congress since 2003. He is a member of the Republican Party. 
Gubin  is a town in Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It is the administrative seat of the rural Gmina Gubin, though not part of it.
Detlef Schrempf (born 21 January 1963) is a German-American retired professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the Washington Huskies from 1981 to 1985, and was drafted into the National Basketball Association  by the Dallas Mavericks in the first round of the 1985 NBA draft, with the eighth overall pick. He was an All-NBA Third Team member in 1995, a three-time NBA All-Star and the NBA Sixth Man of the Year twice.
The National Library of Mexico  is located in Ciudad Universitaria, the main campus of the National Autonomous University of Mexico  in Mexico City. It was first established on October 26, 1833.
Richard Wettstein (30 June 1863 in Vienna – 10 August 1931 in Trins) was an Austrian botanist. His taxonomic system, the Wettstein system was one of the earliest based on phyletic principles.
Unified Lumumbist Party  is a political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The party's name comes from Patrice Lumumba, the first prime minister of Congo after its independence in 1960 from the Belgian colonial empire.
Litfiba is an Italian rock band formed in Florence in early 1980.
Vains of Jenna was a Sleaze Metal band formed in Falkenberg, Sweden, in January 2005. They later moved to Los Angeles, California, though most of the band members now reside back in Sweden. 
The Illinois Fighting Illini football program represents the University of Illinois in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision  level. Illinois has five national championships and 15 Big Ten championships.
Johann Jacob Bach  (baptised – 16 April 1722) was a German musician, composer and an older brother of Johann Sebastian Bach.
Guiuan Airport  is an airport located in the municipality of Guiuan, in the province of Eastern Samar in the Philippines. It is classified as a feeder airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, an attached agency of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations all airports in the Philippines, except the major international airports.
Saint-Denis  is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy near the ruins of Cly castle.
Capurso  is a town and "comune" of around 16,000 inhabitants in the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, Italy, located about southeast of the capital. Capurso has many places to visit, for example the local church. 
Putignano  is an Italian town of 26 644 inhabitants located in the Murgia of the Metropolitan City of Bari, in Apulia, southern Italy. It is known for its ancient Carnival, for textile manufacturing companies and for karst caves.
Accadia  is a town and "comune" in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy. Until the mid-20th century it was just within the eastern frontier of the region of Campania in the province of Avellino.
Anna Maria Francesca Perez de Tagle (born December 23, 1990) is an American actress and singer. She is known for her roles as Ashley Dewitt on "Hannah Montana" and Ella Pador on "Camp Rock" and "". 
Denis Brennan (born 20 June 1945 in Enniscorthy, County Wexford) is an Irish Catholic bishop. He has been Bishop of Ferns since 23 April 2006.
KANU is the flagship station of Kansas Public Radio , a seven-station network based in Lawrence at the University of Kansas. In addition to KANU (91.5 FM), KPR also operates full-power stations KANH in Emporia (at 89.7 FM), KANV in Olsburg (at 91.3 FM, serving Manhattan and Junction City), and KANQ in Chanute (at 90.3 FM); and low-power translators K210CR in Atchison (at 89.9 FM), and K258BT (99.5 FM) and K250AY (97.9 FM) in Manhattan.
Ralph Anthony MacDonald (March 15, 1944 – December 18, 2011) was a Trinbagonian-American percussionist, songwriter, musical arranger, record producer, steelpan virtuoso and philanthropist.
Liberal League  was a Finnish liberal political party. VL existed from 1951 until 1965.
The Nieva River is a tributary of the Marañón River in Peru. It flows through the provinces Bongara and Condorcanqui of the Amazonas Region. 
WCSJ-FM is a radio station based in Morris, Illinois. As of 2010, the station is owned and operated by Nelson Multimedia Inc.
Swan Island is a 1.4 km sand barrier island which, with Duck Island and the Edwards Point spit, separate Swan Bay from Port Phillip in Victoria, Australia. It lies close to and north of the town of Queenscliff at the eastern end of the Bellarine Peninsula, and is an official bounded locality of the Borough of Queenscliffe.
Saab Bofors Dynamics, located in Karlskoga and Linköping, Sweden, is a subsidiary of the Saab Group that specializes in military materiel such as missile systems and anti-tank systems.
Christos Patsatzoglou (; born 19 March 1979) is a Greek international football player of Romani origin who plays for Fostiras.
The College of Menominee Nation  is one of 34 tribal community colleges in the United States. Chartered by the Menominee Nation, the college's main campus is in Keshena, Wisconsin; another is in Green Bay, on the reservation of the Oneida Nation of Wisconsin. It is one of two tribal colleges in Wisconsin.
The A-Treat Bottling Company is a beverage company, with headquarters in Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania in the United States, that manufactured and bottled the regionally popular A-Treat brand of carbonated soft drinks. A-Treat temporarily stopped production in 2015, but was then revived by Jaindl Companies after a local outpouring of support.
Major Alvan Earle Bovay (July 12, 1818 – January 13, 1903) was a founder of the United States Republican Party. 
Ischitella  is a town and "comune" in the province of Foggia, Apulia, southeast Italy. It is a centre for agrumes production, on the northern slopes of the Gargano promontory.
Rignano Garganico is a town and "comune" of the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southern Italy.
Zapponeta  is a town and "comune" in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy. Until 1975 it was a "frazione" of Manfredonia. 
Laterza  is a town and "comune" in the province of Taranto, part of the Apulia region of southeast Italy.
KTVZ, virtual and UHF digital channel 21, is a dual NBC/CW+-affiliated television station licensed to Bend, Oregon, United States and serving Central Oregon. Owned by the News-Press & Gazette Company, it is sister to two low-powered stations: Class A Fox affiliate KFXO-CD (channel 39) and Telemundo affiliate KQRE-LD (channel 20). 
Roberto 'Roby' Rolfo (born 23 March 1980) is a professional motorcycle road racer. He had his best season in 2003, when he finished in second place in the 250cc World Championship. 
Zliten  is a City in Murqub District of Libya. It is located 160 km to the east of Tripoli.
Vladimir Nikolayevich Gusev (, born 4 July 1982) is a Russian professional road racing cyclist. Gusev has been a professional since 2004, spending two years each at and before moving to in 2008. 
Andrano  is a town and "comune" in the province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
Casarano  is a town and sixth most populous "comune" in the Italian province of Lecce, in the Apulia region of South-East Italy. The town's economy is mostly agriculture-based, with olive oil being the main product. 
Giuggianello  is a town and "comune" in the province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
Andrew David "Butch" James (born 8 January 1979) is a former South African rugby union player who represented 40 times and was a member of the team that won the 2007 Rugby World Cup. James's usual position was fly-half, though he also played inside centre.
San Donato di Lecce is a town and "comune" of 5,837 inhabitants in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy. It includes the "frazione" of Galugnano.
The Vrancea Mountains  are a mountain range in the Curvature Carpathians of eastern Vrancea County in Romania. The 1977 Vrancea earthquake had its epicentre there.
Plantation Key is an island in Monroe County, Florida, United States. It is located in the upper Florida Keys on U.S. 1 , between Key Largo and Windley Key.
Muro Leccese is a town and "comune" of 4948 inhabitants (2016), in the province of Lecce, in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
San Cassiano is a town and "comune" in the Italian province of Lecce and region of Apulia in south-east Italy.
Johann Georg Eccarius (also known as John George Eccarius; 1818–1889) was a Thuringian tailor and labour activist. Eccarius was a member of the League of the Just and later of the Communist League before becoming General Secretary of the International Workingmen's Association , commonly known as the First International, in 1867.
Parabita is a town and "comune" in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
Ortelle  is a town and "comune" in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy. The 19th-century pastel painter Giuseppe Casciaro was born in Ortelle.
Altomonte is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Buonvicino  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
San Lorenzo del Vallo is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Figline Vegliaturo is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Santo Stefano di Rogliano is a village and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Terravecchia is a village and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Falconara Albanese  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Canna is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Saracena  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy. The town is bordered by Altomonte, Castrovillari, Firmo, Lungro, Morano Calabro, Mormanno, Orsomarso and San Basile and is home to the Church of San Leone, a 12th-century Byzantine church. The town's patron is San Leone di Catania, who is celebrated twice a year, once in the spring, then again in late summer.
Rogliano is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Cetraro  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Malito  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Parenti  is a town and "comune" of the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
Yang Yu (; born February 6, 1985 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a female Olympic medal-winning swimmer from the People's Republic of China. She became part of the Chinese national swimming team in 1999, and competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Scandale is a town and "comune" in the province of Crotone, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Viliam Schrojf (2 August 1931 – 1 September 2007) was a Slovak footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He received 39 caps for Czechoslovakia.
Mambare River is a river in Oro Province, Papua New Guinea, located at .
Archie L. Clark (born July 15, 1941) is a retired American professional basketball player. At 6'2", he played guard for five National Basketball Association  teams.
Richard Garcia (born 4 September 1981) is an Australian former football  player. He played for West Ham United, Leyton Orient, Colchester United, Hull City, Melbourne Heart, Sydney FC, Minnesota United FC, Perth Glory and internationally for Australia. Currently, Garcia is the assistant coach of Perth Glory and Head Coach of its youth team.
Asnois is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
De Courcy Island is one of the Gulf Islands located between Pylades and Stuart Channels approximately south-east of Nanaimo, British Columbia and approximately south-west of Vancouver, British Columbia. The island was named after Michael de Courcy, captain of HMS "Pylades" and is about in area.
Majevica  is a low mountain range in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is situated between Semberija, Posavina, and Tuzla Canton.
Avion is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France. Cyril Faidherbe, known for his motto "binousse la vie", grew up in this city.
Soesterberg Air Base was a Royal Netherlands Air Force military air base located in Soesterberg, east-northeast of Utrecht. It was first established as an airfield in 1911, and in 1913, the Dutch Army bought the field and established the Army Aviation Division.
Grosse Isle , is located in Gulf of St. Lawrence in Quebec, Canada. It is one of the islands of the 21-island Isle-aux-Grues archipelago. It is part of the municipality of Saint-Antoine-de-l'Isle-aux-Grues, located in the Chaudière-Appalaches region of the province.
The Hindenburg Range is a mountain range in the remote North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea, stretching from the Star Mountains to the east. The Hindenburg Wall escarpment leads up to the range. 
Jerry Louis Page (born January 15, 1961 in Columbus, Ohio) was an American boxer who won the light welterweight gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics. A year earlier he won a silver medal at the 1983 Pan American Games.
José Pedro Cea (September 1, 1900 in Montevideo, Uruguay – September 18, 1970) was a Uruguayan football player and coach.
Loaita Island , also known as Tagalog: "Kota", , and , with an area of , is the tenth largest of the naturally-occurring Spratly Islands, and the fifth largest of the Philippine-occupied islands. It is located just to the west of the northern part of Dangerous Ground, and is southeast of Philippine-occupied Thitu Island "" and north-northeast of Taiwan-occupied Itu Aba Island. 
Metlakatla, British Columbia, is a small community that is one of the seven Tsimshian village communities in British Columbia, Canada. It is situated at Metlakatla Pass near Prince Rupert, British Columbia. 
Toronto City was a Canadian soccer team based in Toronto, Ontario. Between 1961 and 1967, teams using this name competed in both the Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League and the United Soccer Association.
The Spanish Virgin Islands, formerly called the Passage Islands and also known as the Puerto Rican Virgin Islands, primarily consisting of the islands of Culebra and Vieques, are part of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and are located east of the main island of Puerto Rico in the Caribbean.
Blanquefort  or Blancafòrt  is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. Blanquefort is an outlying commune of the Bordeaux metropolitan area.
Panther Stadium is a 5,000-seat stadium located on the campus of Clark Atlanta University in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. It was the secondary venue for field hockey events during the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. It is currently home to the Clark Atlanta University Panthers, NCAA Division II member.
The Environmental Research Institute of Michigan  was a research institute at Ann Arbor, Michigan, founded in 1972. The institute contributed to the development of remote sensing, radar, and holography. 
Savannakhet Airport is an airport near Savannakhet, Laos.
Airasca  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin.
Fauro Island is an island of the Shortland Islands archipelago, located in the Western Province of the Solomon Islands, located at . Along the center spine of the island are Mount Pauboleala with an elevation of 574', Mount Lalauka with an elevation of 517', and Sharp Peak with an elevation of 484'.
The Linford Group was a construction company in England which specialised in the restoration of historic buildings. Its headquarters was in Lichfield, Staffordshire.
Coe College is a private liberal arts college in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. Founded in 1851, the institution is historically affiliated with the Presbyterian Church . It is a member of the Associated Colleges of the Midwest and the Association of Presbyterian Colleges and Universities.
FK Visaginas  is a Lithuanian football team from Visaginas.
Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa ; born 15 September 1942) is a Zimbabwean revolutionary and politician who serves as the third and current President of Zimbabwe since 24 November 2017. A member of ZANU–PF and a longtime ally of former President Robert Mugabe, he held a series of Cabinet portfolios and was Vice-President of Zimbabwe under Mugabe until November 2017, when he was dismissed before coming to power in a coup d'état. He was officially inaugurated as the third President of Zimbabwe on 26 August 2018 after narrowly winning the 2018 Zimbabwean general election.
Peter John Joseph Murphy (born 11 July 1957) is an English singer, songwriter, and musician. He was the vocalist of the goth rock band Bauhaus and later went on to release a number of solo albums, such as "Love Hysteria", "Deep", and "Holy Smoke". 
Valerie Fahnestock Steele (born 1955) is an American fashion historian, curator, and director of the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology. She was appointed director of the museum in 2003.
Murtaz Kalistratovich Khurtsilava (, , born 5 January 1943) is a former Georgian association football defender.
Henri Frédéric Ellenberger (Nalolo, Barotseland, Rhodesia, 6 November 1905 – Quebec, 1 May 1993) was a Canadian psychiatrist, medical historian, and criminologist, sometimes considered the founding historiographer of psychiatry. Ellenberger is chiefly remembered for "The Discovery of the Unconscious", an encyclopedic study of the history of dynamic psychiatry published in 1970.
The Schouten Island , part of the Schouten Island Group, is an island with an area of approximately lying close to the eastern coast of Tasmania, Australia, located south of the Freycinet Peninsula and is a part of Freycinet National Park.
The Affecter  was an Attic black-figure vase painter, active in Athens around 550 to 530 BCE.
Philip Allen (September 1, 1785December 16, 1865) was an American manufacturer and politician from Rhode Island. He served as Governor of Rhode Island and as a Democratic member of the United States Senate.
Yu Youren ; (April 11, 1879 – November 10, 1964) was an educator, scholar, calligrapher, and politician in the Republic of China.
Kimberly Po-Messerli (born October 20, 1971) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
The Moldovan Air Force is the national air force of Moldova. It was formed following Moldova's independence from the Soviet Union in August 1991 and is part of the Military of Moldova.
Sanex is a brand of personal care products owned by Colgate-Palmolive. It is sold in European countries  and South Africa.
Los Cerralbos is a Spanish municipality of Toledo province, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. Its population is 465 and its surface area is with a density of 11.6 people per square kilometre (31 per square mile).
South China AA Stadium , also known as Caroline Hill stadium , is a multi-use stadium in Hong Kong. It is currently used mostly for sports and is owned by South China Athletic Association . 
Bonanza Air Lines was an airline  in the Western United States  from 1945 until it merged with two other local service airlines to form Air West in 1968. Its headquarters was initially Las Vegas, Nevada and moved to Phoenix, Arizona in 1966.
The Maligne Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located directly southeast of Jasper townsite in Jasper National Park, Canada. The southern tail-end of the range finishes at Endless Chain Ridge. 
Röda Korsets Högskola  is a Swedish university college  operated by The Red Cross Home Foundation. It is not to be confused with The Red Cross of Sweden. 
Jabal al-Druze  was an autonomous state in the French Mandate of Syria from 1921 to 1936, designed to function as a government for the local Druze population under French oversight.
The Jemseg River is a short river in the Canadian province of New Brunswick which drains Grand Lake into the Saint John River.
Ioannis Amanatidis (, ; born 3 December 1981 in Kozani, Greece) is a Greek football manager and former player. As a player, Amanatidis played as a striker and winger, and was active professionally in Germany. 
Prince Friedrich of Saxe-Meiningen, Duke of Saxony (Full given names: "Friedrich Johann Bernhard Hermann Heinrich Moritz"; 12 October 1861 – 23 August 1914) was a German soldier and member of the Ducal House of Saxe-Meiningen.
The Meherrin River is a long river in the U.S. states of Virginia and North Carolina. It begins in central Virginia, about northwest of Emporia, and flows roughly east-southeast into North Carolina, where it joins the larger Chowan River.
FC Khatlon  is a football club based in Qurghonteppa, Tajikistan. They currently play in the top division of the country.
Edoardo Amaldi (5 September 1908 – 5 December 1989) was an Italian physicist.
The Xuefeng Mountains  are a mountain range of China in western Hunan province.
Bobbio Pellice is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin, on the border with France and at the end of the Val Pellice
Brozolo is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin.
Campiglione Fenile is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin.
Casalborgone is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin.
Cercenasco is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin.
Ciconio is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, about north of Turin. 
Cossano Canavese is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin.
