Hatip Dicle (born 1954, Diyarbakir, Turkey), full name Mehmet Hatip Dicle, is a Turkish politician, of Kurdish origin, of the Peace and Democracy Party .
Hubbard Landing Seaplane Base is a privately owned public-use seaplane base in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States. It is located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) southeast of the central business district of Stockton, Alabama.
Henriette Goverdine Anna "Jet" Roland Holst-van der Schalk (1869–1952) was a Dutch poet and council communist. She was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
The Sissle  is a long river in the Swiss canton of Aargau in Switzerland. It is a tributary of the Rhine and drains the eastern part of the Fricktal. The largest town on the river is Frick.
Xiaomi Corporation  is a Chinese electronics company headquartered in Beijing. Xiaomi makes and invests in smartphones, mobile apps, laptops, and related consumer electronics.
The Kurdish Textile Museum is a museum devoted to textiles produced in Iraqi Kurdistan. It was established in 2004 and is located in a renovated mansion in the southeast quarter of the Citadel of Arbil.
Caius  was Bishop of Milan in early 3rd-century. He is honoured as a Saint in the Catholic Church and his feast day is on September 27.
Russian-Armenian University   is an intergovernmental university being under the joint authority of the Russian Federation and Armenia. The university has a status of a higher educational institution in both states. The languages of instruction and communication at the university are Russian and Armenian.
The Princeton Painter was an Attic black-figure vase painter, active in the third quarter of the sixth century BC, just after Group E. His real name is not known.
Katrine Veje (born 19 June 1991) is a Danish football player who plays as a midfielder for Arsenal in the English Women's Super League and the Danish national team. She has previously played for LdB FC Malmö of Sweden's Damallsvenskan, Seattle Reign FC of the National Women's Soccer League as well as Odense Q and Brøndby IF of Denmark's Elitedivisionen.
Voergaard Castle  is a moated Renaissance manor house located 10 km north of Dronninglund on the North Jutland peninsula in north-western Denmark. It is open to the public and houses a significant art collection.
Canterbury College is a small liberal arts college affiliated with the University of Windsor founded by the Anglican Church of Canada.
Mazovia  is a historical region in mid-north-eastern Poland. It spans the North European Plain, roughly between Lodz and Bialystok, with Warsaw being the unofficial capital and largest city. 
Rudolf III ( – 11 June 1419), a member of the House of Ascania, was Duke of Saxe-Wittenberg and Elector of Saxony from 1388 until his death.
Gostynia is a river of southern Poland, a left tributary of the Vistula. It flows through Tychy, and joins the Vistula near Bieruń.
Sam FM Swindon is a local radio station broadcasting on 107.7 FM in Swindon and surrounding areas. The station launched in 2006 as "Brunel FM" and is owned and operated by Bauer Radio.
The FT Starnberg 09 is a German from the town of Starnberg, Bavaria. Apart from football, the club also offers other sports like tennis and volleyball.
Andrea Guerra is an Italian composer. He is noted for his film scores of "Facing Windows" (2003), "Hotel Rwanda" (2004), and "The Pursuit of Happyness" (2006).
James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Hamilton KG PC (19 June 1606 – 9 March 1649) was a Scottish nobleman and influential political and military leader during the Thirty Years' War and the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
Panachaiki 1891 Football Club (Greek: ΠΑΕ Παναχαϊκή 1891) is a football club based in Patras, Greece. Founded in 1891, they have reached the Greek Cup semi-finals twice (1979, 1997), as well as the quarter-finals on ten occasions. Moreover, they were the first Greek club outside Athens  and Thessaloniki to represent Greece in a European competition, the 1973–74 UEFA Cup.
Sault Ste. Marie  is a city on the St. Marys River in Ontario, Canada, close to the U.S.-Canada border. It is the seat of the Algoma District and the third largest city in Northern Ontario, after Sudbury and Thunder Bay.
Uni-Top Airlines Co. Ltd.  is a cargo airline, based in Wuhan, capital of Hubei province, China. It is a fully owned subsidiary of Uni-top Industrial Corporation from Shenzhen.
International University of East Africa  is a private university in Uganda.
Manukan Island  is the second largest island in the Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park, Malaysia's first marine national park. It is located in the East Malaysian state of Sabah, just off the coast of Kota Kinabalu and is easily accessible by boat.
Neta Rivkin (; born June 19, 1991) is a retired Israeli individual rhythmic gymnast.
The Kaohsiung City Government  is the top-tier local government administrative body of the Republic of China from December 2010 that governs Kaohsiung City. It consists of a directly elected executive Mayor of Kaohsiung. 
Jordan Quinn Larson-Burbach (born October 16, 1986) is an American indoor volleyball player, a member of the United States women's national volleyball team and Turkey club Eczacıbaşı VitrA. She was a silver medalist of the 2012 Olympic Games, a bronze medalist of the 2016 Olympic Games, and a gold medalist of the 2014 World Championship. She was a two-time AVCA First Team All-American while playing college volleyball at Nebraska.
The Central African Mining and Exploration Company  was a mining company active in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo  and in other parts of Africa. It was acquired by ENRC in 2009.
The University of Veterinary and Pharmaceutical Sciences, Brno  is a public university located in Brno, Czech Republic.
Starling Javier Marte (born October 9, 1988) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball . He made his MLB debut in 2012. Marte is an MLB All-Star, and a two-time Gold Glove Award winner.
Peter V (; Portuguese 'Pedro V'; 16 September 1837 – 11 November 1861), nicknamed "the Hopeful" , was King of Portugal from 1853 to 1861.
Esk River, a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment, is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Knife Party is an Australian electronic music duo consisting of Rob Swire and Gareth McGrillen, two members of the drum and bass band Pendulum.
The Conservative Republican Party  was a Brazilian political party founded in October 1910 to represent the Republican and oligarchic ideals of agrarian elites of states discontented with the domination of the states of São Paulo and Minas Gerais  during the República Velha.
Ludogorets Arena  is a multi-purpose stadium in Razgrad, Bulgaria. It is currently used for football matches and is the home ground of local football club PFC Ludogorets Razgrad. The stadium has a seating capacity of 10,422 spectators.
Jens Scheer (30 May 1935 – 18 July 1994), was a physicist, professor of nuclear physics at the University of Bremen and one of Germany's best-known anti-nuclear activists.
Steel Industries Kerala Limited  is a state-owned steel manufacturing company in the state of Kerala, India. The company manufactures steel castings, does structural fabrications, building of small vessels and barges,breaking of ships and vessels. Steel and Industrial Forgings Ltd is a subsidiary of the company.
Pan-Atlantic University is a private, non-profit educational institution in Lagos, Nigeria. 
The Maskelyne Islands, often abbreviated as the Maskelynes, are a small chain of low islands that forms part of Vanuatu in the Pacific Ocean. Among the islands are Awei, Avock, Leumanang, Uluveo, and Vulai. 
John Nzau Mwangangi (born 1 November 1990) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes over distances ranging from 5000 metres to the half marathon. He was the gold medallist at the 2011 African Cross Country Championships. He has won a number of high-profile European road races, including the Dam tot Damloop, 20 Kilomètres de Paris, Greifenseelauf, the Valencia Half Marathon and the Valencia Marathon.
Kristina Kristiansen (born 13 July 1989) is a Danish handball player for Nykøbing Falster HK and the Danish national team.
Sportsklubben Djerv 1919 is an association football club from Haugesund, Norway, established in 1919. Its top team plays in the Fourth Division, the fifth tier of Norwegian football, after being relegated from the 3. divisjon in 2011.
The Mill River is a tributary of Otter Creek in Rutland County, Vermont, in the United States.
Ekaterina Evgenievna Gaiduk (née Davydenko; born 8 March 1989) is a Russian handball player who plays for HC Lada.
Gran Roque is an island, one of the federal dependencies of Venezuela, located in the southeastern Caribbean Sea in the archipelago of Los Roques, which has 1.7 km² (170 ha) in extent, where the majority of the population lives. The airport is located by the sea, a few meters from the beach.
The Romania national under-16 football team represents Romania in international football at this age level and is controlled by Federația Română de Fotbal, the governing body for football in Romania.
Rent the Runway is an online service that provides designer dress and accessory rentals. It was started by Jennifer Hyman and Jennifer Fleiss, who launched the company in November 2009. 
Folkungavallen is a football stadium in Linköping, Sweden and the home stadium for the football teams Linköpings FC and FK Linköping. Folkungavallen has a total capacity of 5,500 spectators.
Plitvica is a river in northern Croatia, a right tributary of Drava. It is long and its basin covers an area of .
The Lillehammer Olympic Organizing Committee or LOOC was the company responsible for organizing the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway. The company was founded on 15 November 1988, after Lillehammer's successful bid to host the games, and led by Gerhard Heiberg. 
Anton Pelinka (born October 14, 1941) is a professor of political science and nationalism studies at the English-speaking Central European University of Budapest. Prior to this appointment, Pelinka was a professor of political science at the University of Innsbruck, one of Austria's largest universities. 
Veronica Anne Roth (born August 19, 1988) is an American novelist and short story writer, known for her debut "New York Times" bestselling "Divergent" trilogy, consisting of "Divergent", "Insurgent", and "Allegiant"; and "".
Oliver Alexander Reinhard Petszokat (born 10 August 1978, in Berlin), better known by his stage name Oli.P, is a German singer, actor and television presenter.
John Louis of Nassau-Hadamar (Dillenburg, 6 August 1590 – Hadamar, 10 March 1653)
Anass Achahbar (born 13 January 1994) is a Dutch footballer of Moroccan descent who plays as a striker for NEC, on loan from PEC Zwolle, in the Eerste Divisie.
Eberhard I (–1308) was a German nobleman. He was Count of the Mark from 1277 until his death. 
Columbus Avenue (est.1860) in Boston, Massachusetts, runs from Park Square to just south of Melnea Cass Boulevard, as well as from Tremont Street to Walnut Avenue and Seaver Street, where it continues as Seaver Street to Blue Hill Avenue and to Erie Street, where it ends. It intersects the South End and Roxbury neighborhoods.
The Malewa River rises in the western slopes of the Aberdare Range in Kenya and flows south and west into Lake Naivasha in the Great Rift Valley.
The Democratic Party , until 2013 known as the Democratic United Party , was a social-liberal political party in South Korea, and for the duration of its existence the country's main opposition force.
The Estonia national under-23 football team represents Estonia in the International Challenge Trophy competition and is controlled by the Estonian Football Association, the governing body for football in Estonia.
Bhawanipore Club is an Indian football club from Bhowanipore, Kolkata, West Bengal. The club has been established in 1910. It has been accepted into the I-League 2nd Division, the second tier of football in India.
Peenehagen is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It was formed on 1 January 2012 by the merger of the former municipalities Groß Gievitz, Hinrichshagen and Lansen-Schönau.
The Cambodia national under-23 football team is the under-23 football team representing Cambodia at the Olympic Games, Asian Games, and Southeast Asian Games. It is controlled by the Football Federation of Cambodia.
Malcolm James McCormick (January 19, 1992 – September 7, 2018), known professionally as Mac Miller, was an American rapper, songwriter, and record producer. Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Miller began his career in the city's hip hop scene in 2007, at the age of fifteen. 
Ravenscraig Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium, in Greenock, Inverclyde, Scotland. The stadium is primarily set up for athletics, with a running track, but it is also the traditional home of Greenock Juniors Football Club. The stadium is undergoing a £1.7 million refurbishment in preparation for the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
James Andrew Wenger (born December 25, 1990) is a American former professional soccer player who played for eight seasons in Major League Soccer.
Tamralipta Mahavidyalaya, established in 1948, is one of the oldest colleges in Purba Medinipur district. It offers undergraduate courses in arts, commerce and sciences. It is affiliated to Vidyasagar University.
Gor Mahia Football Club , commonly also known as K'Ogalo , is a football club based in Nairobi, Kenya. They have won the Kenyan Premier League a record 18 times, Five more than their arch-rivals A.F.C. Leopards, and have also won the FKF President's Cup a record 10 times. 
Rudolf Kner (24 August 1810 – 27 October 1869) was an Austrian zoologist and ichthyologist.
FK Fyllingsdalen is a football club from Fyllingsdalen, a borough in the Norwegian city of Bergen. The club is a result of a merge between the two football clubs Fyllingen and Løv-Ham.
The Arab Image Foundation  is a non-profit organization established in Beirut in 1997. It aims to track down, collect, preserve and study photographs from the Middle East, North Africa and the Arab diaspora. Its expanding collection includes more than 600,000 from Lebanon, Syria, Palestine, Jordan, Egypt, Morocco, Iraq, Iran, Mexico, Argentina, and Senegal.
National Geographic Farsi is a free-to-air documentary channel that started broadcasting on October 15, 2011, and was shut down on May 1, 2013, and relaunched on September 1, 2017. It is the official Persian language edition of the National Geographic Channel. 
Mikayel Nalbandian Shirak State University , is a public university in Gyumri, the capital of Shirak Province, Armenia, opened in 1934.
Claudia Lee Black (born 11 October 1972) is an Australian actress and voice actress, best known for her portrayals of Aeryn Sun in "Farscape", Vala Mal Doran in "Stargate SG-1" and Sharon "Shazza" Montgomery in the film "Pitch Black". She has had prominent roles in video games, such as Chloe Frazer in "Uncharted", Morrigan in "Dragon Age", Admiral Daro'Xen and Matriarch Aethyta in "Mass Effect" and Samantha Byrne in "Gears of War 3". 
South West Queensland is a remote region in the Australian state of Queensland which covers . The region lies to the south of Central West Queensland and west of the Darling Downs and includes the Maranoa district and parts of the Channel Country. 
The Ideal Film Company  was a British film production and distribution company that operated between 1911 and 1934.
Beur FM is a French local radio station catering mainly to France's North African communities including: Algerians, Moroccans and Tunisians. 
The Party of Reform and Development   is a political party in Libya, that was founded on 10 January 2012 in Benghazi. It is an Islamist party, promoting the principles of Sharia law. 
Simon Paulli (6 April 1603 – 25 April 1680), was a Danish physician and naturalist. He was a professor of anatomy, surgery and botany at the University of Copenhagen. 
Seva Bharati Mahavidyalaya, also known as Kapgari College, is an undergraduate, coeducational college situated in Kapgari, Jhargram, West Bengal. It was established in 1964. The college is under Vidyasagar University.
Nathalie Weinzierl (born 8 April 1994) is a German figure skater. She is a two-time German national champion (2014, 2017) and has won eleven senior international medals, including gold at the Bavarian Open, Dragon Trophy, and Egna Trophy, and Merano Cup. She has placed as high as 7th at the European Championships and competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
Novgorod Viceroyalty  was an administrative division  of the Russian Empire, which existed in 1776–1796. The seat of the Viceroyalty was located in Novgorod.
Stronnictwo Pracy  was a Polish Christian democratic political party, active from 1937 in the Second Polish Republic and later part of the Polish government in exile. Its founders and main activists were Wojciech Korfanty and Karol Popiel.
Ngukurr Airport is located in Roper River, Northern Territory, Australia, adjacent to the remote Aboriginal community of Ngukurr.
Khowai Airport is a small airport located in Khowai, Tripura, India. It is managed by the Airports Authority of India and is non-operational.
Beitar Kfar Saba Football Club  are a football club, from Israeli city of Kfar Saba. The club plays in Liga Alef South, the third tier of Israeli football. Home matches are played at the Levita Stadium.
Nikao Sokattak FC is a Cook Islands football club located in Rarotonga, Cook Islands. It currently plays in Cook Islands Round Cup, the top level of football in the Cook Islands. 
Hans-Ludwig Wußing (October 15, 1927 in Waldheim – April 26, 2011 in Leipzig) was a German historian of mathematics and science.
Egbert Valentin Brieskorn (7 July 1936, in Rostock – 11 July 2013, in Bonn) was a German mathematician who introduced Brieskorn spheres and the Brieskorn–Grothendieck resolution.
Steytlerville is a settlement in Sarah Baartman District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
Cofimvaba is a town in Chris Hani District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
Elliotdale  is a town in Amatole District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
Paterson is a settlement in Sarah Baartman District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. The village is located some north-west of Alexandria and north of Ncanaha in the Eastern Cape.
Arrabury Airport is an airport in Arrabury, Queensland, Australia.
Amandla Stenberg (born October 23, 1998) is an American actress and singer-songwriter. She portrayed Rue in "The Hunger Games" (2012), Madeline Whittier in "Everything, Everything" (2017), and Starr Carter in "The Hate U Give" (2018).
Publika FM is a Romanian language radio station in Chişinău, the Republic of Moldova. 
Komga is a town in Amatole District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
Wilhelm Michel (9 August 1877, Metz – 16 April 1942, Darmstadt) was a German writer who won the 1925 Georg Büchner Prize.
Lee Wai Sze, BBS, MH (; born 12 May 1987) also known as Sarah Lee, is a Hong Kong professional racing cyclist. She specialises in track cycling especially as a sprinter.
Albano Olivetti (born 24 November 1991) is a French professional tennis player. He holds the record for the second fastest serve of all time.
Northam is a town in the Waterberg District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa, 54 km south of Thabazimbi.
Fernand Decanali (7 July 1925 – 10 January 2017) was a French cyclist. He was born in Marseille. He won a gold medal in the team pursuit at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, together with Pierre Adam, Charles Coste and Serge Blusson.
The South African Party was a political party in Cape Colony.
Zhejiang Yiteng Football Club , or Yiteng Football Club  is a professional Chinese football club that participates in the China League Two division under licence from the Chinese Football Association . The team is based in Shaoxing, Zhejiang and their home stadium is the Shaoxing City Sports Centre Stadium that has a seating capacity of 20,000. 
Karad Airport is located in Satara district of Maharashtra state in India. 
Reconquista Airport  , also known as Daniel Jukic Airport , is an airport serving Reconquista, a city in the Santa Fe Province of Argentina. It is a domestic airport located south of the city.
Socialist Resistance of Kazakhstan  is a Trotskyist political organisation in Kazakhstan affiliated to the Committee for a Workers' International.
Georg Alexander (3 April 1888 – 30 October 1945) was a German film actor who was a prolific presence in German cinema. He also directed a number of films during the silent era.
Black Hippy is an American hip hop supergroup from South Los Angeles, California, formed in 2008. The group is composed of West Coast rappers Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar and ScHoolboy Q. Black Hippy was constructed after all of its members had signed to Carson-based indie record label, Top Dawg Entertainment .
The Nationalist Republican Party  was a right-wing republican party during the First Portuguese Republic. It was founded as a merger of the Republican Liberal Party, the Reconstitution Party and some elements of the old National Republican Party of Sidónio Pais. 
Michael Christian Martinez (born November 4, 1996) is a Filipino figure skater. He is the 2015 Asian Figure Skating Trophy champion, a two-time Triglav Trophy champion and has won one ISU Challenger Series medal, silver at the 2014 Warsaw Cup. Martinez is the first skater from Southeast Asia and from a tropical country to qualify for the Olympics, was the only athlete to represent the Philippines at the 2014 Winter Olympics, and was one of only two to represent the Philippines at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Middledrift  is a small town located north-west of East London in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. It is situated in Raymond Mhlaba Municipality in Amathole District in an area that was formerly part of the Ciskei.
Jeenyo United Football Club is a football club based in Mogadishu, Somalia
Family Fare is an American supermarket chain. A division of SpartanNash, it has operated stores in Michigan since 1966, expanded into North Dakota in 2014, Nebraska in 2015, Iowa in 2016, and South Dakota in 2017.
Mogilev State A.Kuleshov University is a large regional educational and scientific centre situated in Mogilev city, Belarus.
Prana Studios, Inc. is an American computer animation and visual effects company, founded in 2005 in Los Angeles, United States, with a wholly owned subsidiary in Mumbai, India.
Kliprand is a town in  West Coast District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is the setting for the book, "October" by Zoë Wicomb 
Cuchilla Grande is a hill range that crosses the east part of Uruguay from north to south. It extends from the south part of Cerro Largo Department, through the departments of Treinta y Tres and Lavalleja and ends in Maldonado Department where it forms its highest peaks.
Shaoxing University  is located in Shaoxing, Zhejiang, China.
Bank of Africa Uganda Limited, also known as BOA Uganda , is one of the commercial banks in Uganda that have been licensed by the Bank of Uganda, the country's central bank and national banking regulator.
Saint-Mard is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Saint-Gratien-Savigny is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Saizy is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Thianges is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Vignol is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
It is southeast of Valenciennes.
Santigny is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
It is northeast of Hazebrouck.
Thory is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Merckeghem is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Paillencourt is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Verlin is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Steenbecque  is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Villy is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
KCHJ (1010 AM "El Gallito 1010") is a radio station that broadcasts a ranchera and Norteño oldies format to the Bakersfield, California, area. Licensed to Delano, California, the station is currently owned by Lotus Communications. 
WCCM (1490 AM; "Impacto") is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish News/Talk format. Licensed to Haverhill, Massachusetts, United States, the station is owned by Costa-Eagle Radio Ventures Limited Partnership, a partnership between Pat Costa and his chief investor, "The Eagle-Tribune". 
Auneuil is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Troussures was merged into Auneuil.
Anzy-le-Duc is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Beaumont-sur-Grosne is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Blanzy is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Burgy is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Champagny-sous-Uxelles is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
La Chapelle-sous-Uchon is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Aigremont is a commune in the Yvelines department in north-central France.
Collonge-en-Charollais is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Chapet is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France, about 16 km east of Mantes-la-Jolie. It is on the Normandy motorway (A13).
Dannemarie is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Cuisery is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Longvilliers is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Bonnelles is a commune in the Yvelines department in north-central France.
La Falaise is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Dracy-le-Fort is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Boudou is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Escatalens is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Cazes-Mondenard is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Saint-Amans-de-Pellagal  is a commune in the Occitanie region in southern France, in the Tarn-et-Garonne department.
Caussade is a commune in the district of Montauban, located in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in the south of France.
Lavit is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Albias is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Perville is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Sistels is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Laqueuille is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Albefeuille-Lagarde is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Saint-Nauphary is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Le Perray-en-Yvelines is a commune in the Yvelines department in the west of Île-de-France in north-central France.
Richebourg is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Sainte-Mesme is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Varennes is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Montataire is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. The journalist and historian Arthur Dinaux (1795–1864) died in Montataire.
Arlanc  is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Marseille-en-Beauvaisis is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Laversines is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Cuvergnon is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. 
Tracy-le-Val is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Chambly is a commune in the Oise department in northern France. 
Maisoncelle-Tuilerie is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Maysel is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Jouy-sous-Thelle is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Vineuil-Saint-Firmin is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Crapeaumesnil is a commune in the Oise department of northern France. 
Halloy, Oise is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Larbroye is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Crillon is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Neuilly-en-Thelle is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Trumilly is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Gaudechart is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Ormoy-Villers is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Sarcus is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Heilles is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Erquery is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Thourotte is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Oursel-Maison is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Fontaine-Saint-Lucien is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Auberville-la-Renault is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Allouville-Bellefosse is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Saint-Martin-aux-Buneaux is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Saint-Martin-de-Varengeville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Saint-Vaast-Dieppedalle is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Thiergeville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Tocqueville-les-Murs is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Ypreville-Biville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Lintot is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Saint-Aubin-sur-Mer is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Callengeville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Vicq is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France.
Bosc-Le-Hard is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Mesnil-Mauger is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Les Loges-en-Josas is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Montrottier is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Saint-Appolinaire is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Saint-Didier-sur-Beaujeu is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Saint-Laurent-de-Mure is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Hermeray is a commune in the Yvelines "département" in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Soucieu-en-Jarrest is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Yzeron is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Rontalon is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Baons-le-Comte is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Beuzeville-la-Grenier is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Saint-Germain-sur-Eaulne is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Ernemont-sur-Buchy is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Criquiers is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Dampierre-en-Bray is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Veules-les-Roses is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Claville-Motteville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Virville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Beuzevillette is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Douvrend is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Iguerande is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Ligny-en-Brionnais is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Ozenay is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
The Iran national under-17 football team, more commonly known as "Nojavanan", is controlled by the Iran Football Federation and represents Iran in international under-17 football competitions.
Candor is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Genvry is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Lachelle is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Nivillers is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Rainvillers is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Saint-Maximin is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
La Villeneuve-sous-Thury is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Trun is a commune in the Orne département and the region of Normandy in north-western France.
Sarceaux is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Bailleul is a commune in the Orne department in northwestern France.
Nonant-le-Pin is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Messei  is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Rai is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Chahains is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Chaumont is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
La Coulonche is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Domfront is a former commune in the Orne department in north-western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Domfront-en-Poiraie.
Ameuvelle is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Arches is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Avillers is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Ban-de-Laveline is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Mattaincourt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Maroncourt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Moyenmoutier) is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Xamontarupt  is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Nayemont-les-Fosses is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Nomexy is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Offroicourt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Charmes is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
La Petite-Raon is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Relanges is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Claudon is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Damas-et-Bettegney is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Saint-Paul is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Sainte-Barbe is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Les Rouges-Eaux is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Rouvres-en-Xaintois is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Saint-Maurice-sur-Moselle is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Mailly is a picturesque commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Messey-sur-Grosne is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Moroges is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Uxeau is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France. Uxeau is located in the south west of Saône et Loire at 150 km from Dijon and in the middle of the way between Dijon and Clermont-Ferrand. 
Saint-Berain-sous-Sanvignes is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Saint-Didier-sur-Arroux is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Broyes is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Giraumont is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Saint-Martin-sous-Montaigu is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Rieux is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Rouville is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Feings is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Sheilla Tavares de Castro (born 1 July 1983 in Belo Horizonte) is a volleyball player from Brazil, who represented her native country at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games, in Beijing, China, and in the 2012 Summer Olympic Games. On both occasions the Brazilian national team won the gold medal. She also played the 2016 Summer Olympics, when Brazil placed fifth.
Fays is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Faucompierre is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Savigny-sur-Grosne is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France. The composer and choral conductor Charles Ravier (1934–1984) was born in Savigny-sur-Grosne.
Ferdrupt is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Fontenay is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France. The inhabitants of Fontenay are called the "Fontenaysians" or more locally the "Fox cubs."
Aubiat is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Bas-et-Lezat is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Thaon-les-Vosges is a former commune in the Vosges department in northeastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Capavenir-Vosges.
Uxegney is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
La Grande-Fosse is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Champeix is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Varennes-Saint-Sauveur is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Collanges is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France. It is in the canton of Brassac-les-Mines.
Cournols is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Durtol is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Fayet-Ronaye is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
La Godivelle is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Jumeaux is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Luzillat is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Villeneuve-en-Montagne is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Vervezelle is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Vitry-sur-Loire is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Cazals is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Monteils is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Varen is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Moussey is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Flayosc  is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeastern France.
Marnay is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Bourg-Archambault is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Chenevelles is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Sillars is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Vicq-sur-Gartempe is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Leignes-sur-Fontaine is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Vouneuil-sous-Biard is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Bouresse is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Frozes is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Chaunay is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Maisonneuve is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Esparron is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Moreilles is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France. It is located 10 km south east of Luçon.
Saint-Avaugourd-des-Landes is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Saint-Gilles-Croix-de-Vie is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Saint-Juire-Champgillon is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Saint-Maurice-des-Noues is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Grosbreuil is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Venansault is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Longeville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Lairoux is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Giuseppe Becce (February 3, 1877 – October 5, 1973) was an Italian-born film score composer who enriched the German cinema.
Takume or Pukamaru is an atoll of the Tuamotus chain in French Polynesia, located 790 km northeast of Tahiti and 6 km northeast of Raroia and to the west of Fangatau.
Auvers-sous-Montfaucon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Montfort-le-Gesnois is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Commerveil is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Saint-Martin-des-Monts is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Saint-Pierre-des-Ormes is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Coulonges is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France. Coulonges is situated in the Vienne, Poitou-Charentes region , in the west of France at 66 km from Poitiers, the department capital. (
Saint-Gervais-en-Belin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Malicorne-sur-Sarthe is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Ternay is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Aratika is an atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia. The nearest land is Kauehi Atoll, located 35 km to the south east.
Heuzecourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The University of Montemorelos  is a private coeducational Seventh-day Adventist university located in Montemorelos, Nuevo León, Mexico. The University grants degrees in medicine, nursing, nutrition, management, arts and various other disciplines.
Bavaria Fluggesellschaft was a West German airline founded in 1957 and was merged with Germanair to become Bavaria Germanair in March 1977.
The Battery Island, part of the Passage Group within the Furneaux Group, is a granite island, located in Bass Strait south of Cape Barren Island, in Tasmania, in south-eastern Australia.
The National Library of Thailand  is the legal depositary and copyright library for Thailand. It was created in 1905, after the merger of the three existing royal libraries, and is one of the oldest national libraries in Asia. It operates under the jurisdiction of the Fine Arts Department of the Ministry of Culture in Bangkok, Thailand.
Fals is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Saint-Aubin is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Chenay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Louvigny is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Spay is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Greenbushes is a timber and mining town located in the South West region of Western Australia.
Viktor Igorevich Fayzulin (; born 22 April 1986) is a former Russian footballer, who played as a midfielder.
Rakvere JK Tarvas, commonly known as Rakvere Tarvas, or simply as Tarvas, is a football club, based in Rakvere, Estonia.
Cho Young-cheol (Hangul: 조영철; born 31 May 1989) is a South Korean football striker who currently plays for Albirex Niigata.
Arkema is a specialty chemicals and advanced materials company headquartered in Colombes, near Paris, France.
Le Bailleul is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Nona Marvisa Gaye or Nona Aisha Gaye (born September 4, 1974) is an American singer, former fashion model, and actress. The daughter of singer Marvin Gaye and granddaughter of jazz musician Slim Gaillard, Gaye began her career as a vocalist in the early 1990s. 
Fuerza  is a political party in Guatemala.
Stadionul Clinceni is a multi-purpose stadium in Clinceni, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Academica Clinceni. 
Darebin United is a soccer club representing the City of Darebin based in Melbourne, Victoria.
Will of the Iranian Nation Party  is an Iranian reformist political party and officially founded in 2001, formed by students of University of Tehran's School of Law and Political Science in early 1990s. The party is a member of Council for coordinating the Reforms Front and Tehran councilor Ahmad Hakimipour is its secretary general. The party supported Mohammad Khatami in the Iranian presidential election, 2001.
The Hunter Medical Research Institute or HMRI is a medical research institute located in Newcastle, New South Wales.
Jacqueline "Jackie" Pusey (born 14 August 1959) is a Jamaican former track and field sprinter. She competed over distances from 100 metres to 400 metres. She represented Jamaica at the 1976 Summer Olympics (being their youngest entrant at age 16) and competed a second time at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Leleith Hodges (born 22 June 1953) is a Jamaican former track and field sprinter who competed mainly in the 100 metres. She was one of Jamaica's most prominent female runners of the 1970s.
Zhong Lin  Wang (; born 1961 in Shaanxi, China) is a physicist, materials scientist and engineer specialized in nanotechnology and energy science. He received his PhD from Arizona State University in 1987. 
RTV Utrecht is a regional television and radio broadcaster in the Utrecht Province of the Netherlands.
Batika is a census town in Pandua CD Block in Chinsurah subdivision of Hooghly district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Huaxia Film Distribution  is a Chinese film distribution company. In 2014, the company was the second-largest film distributor in China, with 22.89% of the market.
The International Society for Infectious Diseases , established in 1986, is a non-profit organization that works to control infectious disease outbreaks and improve the care of patients afflicted with these conditions.
Hapoel Sandala Gilboa ; ), is an Israeli football club based in Sandala, in the Gilboa Regional Council. The club is currently in Liga Bet North B division.
Samara National Research University , in is one of Russia's leading engineering and technical institutions. It is located in the City of Samara.
Al Jazeera , is a state-funded broadcaster in Doha, Qatar, owned by the Al Jazeera Media Network. Initially launched as an Arabic news and current-affairs satellite TV channel, Al Jazeera has since expanded into a network with several outlets, including the Internet and specialty television channels in multiple languages.
Match TV  is a Russian public sports channel, which began broadcasting on November 1, 2015. The channel was created by the order of Russian president Vladimir Putin, with the assistance of the editorial office of Gazprom-Media Holding, technical assistance of ANO "Sports Broadcasting"  and the frequency of Russia-2 .
Paloich Airport, Heliport  is the airport in Eastern Nile in South Sudan  which provides transport operations for the adjacent Palogue oil field and the settlement Paloich.
Harden Beck is a stream that flows from Hewenden Reservoir, over Goit Stock Waterfall to the River Aire in Bingley, West Yorkshire. The route starts out further up the valley as Denholme Beck, Hewenden Beck and Hallas Beck. 
Andorra Telecom is the national telecom company from the Principality of Andorra.
The Huaguruncho mountain range  is situated in the Andes of Peru. It extends in an easterly direction between 10°29' and 10°34'S and 75°50'W and 76°01'W for about . The range is located in the Huánuco Region, in the provinces of Ambo and Pachitea, and in the Pasco Region, in the provinces of Pasco and Oxapampa.
Rizin Fighting Federation  is a Japanese mixed martial arts organization created in 2015 by the former Pride Fighting Championships and Dream Stage Entertainment president Nobuyuki Sakakibara.
ZM Auckland is a hit music radio station in Auckland, New Zealand]]. The station is the host of the ZM network, and is owned and operated by New Zealand Media and Entertainment.
Fusha Sportive Reshit Rusi is a multi-use stadium in Shkodër, Albania.
Ladies Legend Pro-Wrestling, also known as LLPW and currently as LLPW-X, is a Japanese independent women's professional wrestling promotion founded in 1992 by Rumi Kazama and Shinobu Kandori.
The U of L Sports Network is the radio network of the University of Louisville Cardinals. It consists of fifteen (15) radio stations in primarily located in Kentucky, but the network serves much of Kentucky and southern Indiana.
The Cimarrones de Sonora Fútbol Club Premier play in the Liga Premier in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico and are the official reserve team for Cimarrones de Sonora. The games are held in the city of Hermosillo in the Estadio Miguel Castro Servín.
Bhabhar is a town in Bhabhar Taluka of Banaskantha district in Gujarat, India.
Stadionul Tineretului is a multi-use stadium in Lugoj, Romania. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CSM Lugoj. 
Tsarsko Selo  is a Bulgarian association football club based in Sofia. It currently plays in First League, the top tier of the Bulgarian football league system, having gained promotion from Second League in 2018–19 season.
Football Club Masr , commonly refereed to as FC Masr, is an Egyptian football club based in Cairo, Egypt. The club currently plays in the Egyptian Premier League, the highest league in the Egyptian football league system. 
Jiangsu Yancheng Dingli Football Club are a China League Two club. They are an association football club from Yancheng, Jiangsu. The Dafeng Olympic Sports Centre is their home venue.
Dhanbari  is a town of Dhanbari Upazila, Tangail, Bangladesh. The town is situated 63 km northeast of Tangail city and 143 km northwest of Dhaka city, the capital of Bangladesh.
Jiskra Liberec was a Czechoslovak football club from the town of Liberec, which played one season in the Czechoslovak First League. It was founded in 1922 as Rapid Horní Růžodol. 
FC Sevlievo  is a Bulgarian association football club from Sevlievo, which currently competes in the North-West Third League. Sevlievo plays its home matches at the local Rakovski Stadium.
Immanuel Johann Gerhard Scheller (22 March 1735 in Ihlow – 5 July 1803 in Brieg) was a German classical philologist and lexicographer.
The Kenya Social Congress  is a political party in Kenya.
Look E San Football Club  is a Thai football club based in Nakhon Ratchasima Province. The club currently plays in the Thai League 4 Western Region.
Bawean Airport , also known as Harun Thohir Airport, is an airport serving Bawean, an island in East Java Province, Indonesia. The airport began operations in January 2016.
Denver and Delilah Productions or Denver & Delilah Films is a film production company founded by actress and producer Charlize Theron. It is based in Los Angeles, California.
Pulau Sarimbun  is a small island situated in the Straits of Johor, off the north-western coast of Singapore. Located within Singapore waters, it has an area of 1.4 hectare.
Cambridge Analytica Ltd  was a British political consulting firm which combined data mining, data brokerage, and data analysis with strategic communication during the electoral processes. It was started in 2013 as an offshoot of the SCL Group. 
Banca Popolare di Lodi was an Italian cooperative bank based in Lodi, Lombardy. The bank was absorbed into parent company Banco Popolare in 2011. 
The Gulf of La Spezia  is a body of water on the north-western coast of Italy and part of the northern Tyrrhenian Sea, specifically of Ligurian Sea. It measures some 4.5  by 3-3.5  kilometers.
The is a river located in eastern Aomori prefecture, in the Tōhoku region of northern Honshū in Japan.
Jack Entertainment LLC (stylized JACK Entertainment and formerly Rock Gaming LLC from 2009 to 2016) is a gaming, hospitality, and entertainment corporation based in Detroit, Michigan. The company owns and operates casinos and hotels in Michigan and Ohio, and owns a stake of properties in Kentucky and Maryland. Jack Entertainment operates as a subsidiary of Rock Ventures LLC.
Amblin Television is the television production division of Amblin Partners.
Trump Steaks is a discontinued brand of steak and other meats that was owned by Donald Trump. The brand was launched in 2007 and was exclusively sold through The Sharper Image and QVC. 
Lazarus Island, also known as Pulau Sakijang Pelepah, is one of the Southern Islands in Singapore. It is south of the main island of Singapore, off the Straits of Singapore and is uninhabited.
Kent Ridge is the name of a ridge and a neighbourhood located in Pasir Panjang, in the Queenstown Planning Area of Singapore. The area is notable for housing two parks within the Southern Ridges, Kent Ridge Park and HortPark. 
Mekinley Island  is an island north of Sariba Island, and on the eastern side of China Strait, in Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
NYU Paris is an academic centre of New York University located in Paris, France. It is one of NYU's 14 global academic centers, hosting around 250 students each semester with classes taught by around 50 professors.
Aunslev is a village in central Denmark, in Nyborg Municipality on the island of Funen. Aunslev lies 10 kilometers north of Hjulby, 7 kilometers northwest of Nyborg and 32 kilometers east of Odense.
The San Francisco Deltas were an American professional soccer team based in San Francisco, California, United States. Founded in 2016, the team made its debut in the North American Soccer League in 2017. The franchise played its home games at Kezar Stadium located at the south-east end of Golden Gate Park.
The Biblioteca Pública do INEP is the national library of Guinea-Bissau and it is located in Bissau. It is also the biggest public library in the country and serves as library of the Universidade Amílcar Cabral.
Qeqertarsuaq Island is an island of Greenland. It is located in Baffin Bay in the Kangerlussuaq Icefjord of the Upernavik Archipelago.
The Sabah Chinese Association  was a political party in the Sabah state of Malaysia.
Al-Bukayriyah Football Club is a football club based in Al Bukayriyah, Saudi Arabia that plays in the Saudi Third Division. The club was formerly known as Al-Amal Football Club, however, on 28 August 2018, they changed their name to Al-Bukayriyah FC.
Al-Zulfi FC is a Saudi Arabian football  team in Al Zulfi playing at the Saudi Third Division.
The National Science and Ecclesiology Museum at Maynooth is a science museum and museum of ecclesiology, located on the joint campus of St Patrick's College, Maynooth and Maynooth University , Ireland. It is an institution of the college, having begun as an ecclesiological museum. 
The Indori river , is a rain-fed river originates from Aravalli Range from Sikar district and flows through Alwar district of Rajasthan to Rewari district of Haryana and it is the longest tributary of Sahibi River. In Delhi, it is called the Najafgarh drain or Najafgarh Nallah.
Marche Airport  , formerly "Ancona Falconara Airport" , is an airport serving Ancona, and the Marche region of central Italy. The airport is located approximately west of Ancona, in Falconara Marittima. 
Telenor Myanmar is a telecommunications company in Myanmar . It is a subsidiary of the Norwegian Telenor Group.
The Campbeltown Heritage Centre is a museum and heritage centre in Campbeltown, Argyll, Scotland. The centre is the main repository for social history for the Kintyre Peninsula from around 1700 to the present day, and is run by the Kintyre Amenity Trust.
Gamba Osaka Under−23 is a Japanese football team based in Suita, Osaka. It is the reserve team of Gamba Osaka and currently plays in J3 League which they have done since their entry to the league at the beginning of the 2016 season. 
The Sabah Native Co-operation Party  is a political party in Malaysia focussing on Sabah. The party former name is Sabah People's Co-operation Party or  and prior to its establishment the party intended to contest in the 2013 Malaysian general election but its registration was not approved until November 2013.
The China Petroleum Pipeline Bureau  is a subsidiary of the China National Petroleum Corporation and the primary builder of pipelines in China. The company has built much of the cross-country pipeline infrastructure in China and had several large-scale projects abroad.
Bravo Airways is a Ukrainian airline based at Kyiv International Airport . In May 2019, the airline announced to end all charter operations.
The Southern Branch of the National Palace Museum  is a museum in Taibao City, Chiayi County, Taiwan.
Football Club Oswestry Town is a football club based in Oswestry, Shropshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Park Hall, which is shared with The New Saints of the Welsh Premier League.
Karolinum Press is the university press of Charles University in Prague. It was established in 1990, and it has published over 5000 titles since then. 
Association for Defence of Islamic Revolution Values  was a neo-principlist political party in Iran, founded by Mohammad Reyshahri. The party was defeated in the 1996 parliamentary and the 1997 presidential elections.
Aishalton Airport is an airport serving the village of Aishalton, in the Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo Region of Guyana.
Sunflower Bean is an American rock band from Glen Head, New York and Brooklyn founded in 2013. The band consists of Nick Kivlen , Jacob Faber , and Julia Cumming . The group has released two albums, "Human Ceremony" (Fat Possum Records, 2016) and "Twentytwo in Blue" (Mom + Pop Music, 2018).
Mabaruma Airport is an airport serving the town of Mabaruma, capital of the Barima-Waini Region of Guyana.
F.C. Netanya  is an Israeli football club based in Netanya. The club currently plays in Liga Gimel Sharon division.
Prophets of Rage is an American rap rock supergroup. Formed in 2016, the group consists of three members of Rage Against the Machine and Audioslave , two members of Public Enemy , and rapper B-Real of Cypress Hill.
The Descobrimento National Park  is a national park in the state of Bahia, Brazil.
Giornale di Brescia is an Italian regional newspaper based in Brescia, Italy. 
Batavia Downs is an airport in Batavia Downs.
Carl or Karl Hildebrand von Canstein (4 August 1667 – 19 August 1719), Baron or Count of Canstein, was a German aristocrat who founded the Canstein Bible Institute  in Halle, Brandenburg-Prussia, the first modern Bible society.
FC Zhemchuzhyna Odesa was a professional Ukrainian football from Odesa. The club was founded in 2013, but dissolved in 2018.
Ormideia FC is a Cypriot football club based in Ormideia. Founded in 2006, was playing sometimes in Third and in Fourth Division.
Hybla Valley Airport  was an airfield and flying business in the Hybla Valley area of Fairfax County, Virginia. It received Virginia's first official airport permit. 
Giovanni Arrivabene (24 June 1787 – 11 January 1881) was an Italian politician and economist. He served in the Senate of the Kingdom of Sardinia. He was a recipient of the Order of Saints Maurice and Lazarus.
JAMA  was an Iranian political party founded in 1964 by Kazem Sami and Habibollah Payman. In summer 1965, members of the party which maintained an opposition status were arrested and it continued activities in small circles underground.
The Woolcock Institute of Medical Research  is an Australian medical research institute that is focused on the prevention and treatment of sleep and respiratory disorders, lung cancer, and tuberculosis. Affiliated with the University of Sydney and the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, the Woolcock Institute is located in the Sydney suburb of , New South Wales; with a satellite office located in Hanoi, Vietnam.
Zoom Air, legally "Zexus Air Services", was an Indian regional airline based at Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi.
Institute for Nuclear Research of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine   located in Kiev, Ukraine. The Institute publishes journal Nuclear Physics and Atomic Energy.
PPTV HD  is a digital terrestrial television in Thailand, owned by Bangkok Media and Broadcasting Co., Ltd., a company managed by Bangkok Airways and Bangkok Hospital group owner, Prasert Prasarttong-Osoth.
Eminabad  is a town located in the south east of Gujranwala city, Pakistan. It is 12 to 15 kilometer away from Gujranwala city. 
Simmons Bank is a bank with operations in Arkansas, Colorado, Illinois, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Texas. It is the primary subsidiary of Simmons First National Corporation, a bank holding company.
Democratic Revolution  is a Chilean left-wing political party, founded in 2012 by some of the leaders of the 2011 Chilean student protests, most notably the current Deputy Giorgio Jackson, who is also the most popular public figure of the party. Their principles are based on advocating for participative democracy and the overcoming of Neoliberalism in Chile.
France Info  is a brand of news service participated by France Télévisions, Radio France, France Médias Monde and the Institut national de l'audiovisuel.
J.League U-22 Selection (Jリーグ・アンダー22選抜) was a Japanese football team which played in J3 League from 2014 season to 2015 season.
FC Tokyo Under−23 is a Japanese football team based in Tokyo. It is the reserve team of FC Tokyo and currently plays in J3 League which they have done since their entry to the league at the beginning of the 2016 season. 
Wiedza Powszechna  is a publishing house in Poland.
XHJM-FM is a radio station on 88.1 FM in Monterrey, Nuevo León. It is owned by the Universidad Regiomontana.
Exchange Bank of Canada  is a Schedule 1 domestic bank in Canada. EBC is a subsidiary of Currency Exchange International and specializes in wholesale foreign exchange solutions to financial institutions and businesses.
Association Sportive Central Sport, is a football club from Papeete, Tahiti, French Polynesia. They are the current champions of Tahiti Ligue 1.
Almopos Aridea F.C. is a Greek football club, based in Aridaea, Pella.
Inishdalla  is a small uninhabited island in County Mayo located to the south east of Inishturk, Ireland.
Hashtag United Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Tilbury, Essex, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Chadfields Stadium.
Polskie Radio 24 (Polish Radio 24) - news radio station established by Polskie Radio, Polish national state-run radio broadcaster.
Ankara Aviation Museum  is a military-based museum for aviation, owned and operated by the Turkish Air Force. The museum is located in Etimesgut district of Ankara, Turkey. The area of the museum is .
FC Zugdidi is a Georgian football club based in Zugdidi.
Bernadette (born Bernadette Kraakman, 1 March 1959, Volendam) is a Dutch singer, best known for her participation in the 1983 Eurovision Song Contest.
The Workers Revolutionary Party (WRP, from 2009 to 2014 named the Communist Party of Namibia) is a communist party in Namibia led by Attie Beukes and Harry Boesak.
Palos Blancos is a location in the La Paz Department in Bolivia. It is the seat of the Palos Blancos Municipality, the fourth municipal section of the Sud Yungas Province. 
Kang Dae-sung (Hangul: 강대성; born April 26, 1989), better known by his stage name Daesung and his Japanese stage name D-Lite, is a South Korean singer, actor and television personality who made his musical debut in 2006 as a member of the South Korean boy band Big Bang under the record label YG Entertainment. He debuted as a solo artist in South Korea with the number one trot song "Look at Me, Gwisoon" in 2008. 
Ting Hsin International Group  is a Taiwanese-owned corporate group established in 1958. It owns various food brands such as the instant noodle maker Master Kong, Wei-Chuan Food Corporation and Dicos.
The Chekhov Shop is a museum in Taganrog, Russia. This is a two-storey house where the famous Russian writer Anton Chekhov stayed with his family from 1869 to 1874.
Shirak Sports Club , commonly known as Shirak, is an Armenian football club from the city of Gyumri, Shirak Province. Founded in 1958, the home venue of the club is the Gyumri City Stadium.
The Devizes Guardians are a local political party based in Devizes, Wiltshire, England. The party was formed in 2001 and has been successful in winning seats on Kennet District Council and Wiltshire Council, but at present is represented only on Devizes Town Council, which from May 2013 it controls.
Werner Hoyer (born 17 November 1951 in Wuppertal) is a German politician of the liberal Free Democratic Party of Germany , currently serving as the President of the European Investment Bank.
Ellen Winther Lembourn (née Sørensen; 11 August 1933, Århus – 13 August 2011) was a Danish opera singer and actress, best known internationally for her participation in the 1962 Eurovision Song Contest.
Cocktail Chic were a French female singing group, best known for their participation in the 1986 Eurovision Song Contest.
Arroyo Calabasas  is a tributary of the Los Angeles River, in the southwestern San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles County in California.
Persikab Bandung  or just Persikab is a professional Indonesian football team based in Bandung , West Java. They compete in the Liga Nusantara. Persikab's nickname is "Dalem Bandung".
The State Museum of the History of St. Petersburg , known as the Museum of Leningrad History from 1955 to 1991, is a museum of the city history in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
The Kuwait Science and Natural History Museum is a museum in Safat, Kuwait City, Kuwait, located on Abdullah Al-Mobarak Street. 
Carol Rich (born Anne-Lyse Caille, 15 February 1962, Villorsonnens, Fribourg) is a Swiss singer, best known for her participation in the 1987 Eurovision Song Contest. 
Dustin Brown (born 8 December 1984) is a Jamaican-German professional tennis player. He rose to fame after beating Rafael Nadal in the 2014 Halle Open and Wimbledon 2015, and is known for his technique, speed, and entertaining playing style, often entertaining the crowd with trick shots.
FC Septemvri  is a Bulgarian football club based in Simitli, who play in the South-West Third League.
Permanente Creek is a stream originating on Black Mountain in Santa Clara County, California, United States. It is the namesake for the Kaiser Permanente health maintenance organization. 
The Amsterdam and Saint-Paul Islands temperate grasslands is an ecoregion comprising two volcanic islands in the southern Indian Ocean. The only way to visit the islands is on the French research vessel "Marion Dufresne II" which services the Martin-de-Viviès research station on Amsterdam Island.
Zelvyanka  is a river in Belarus, a left tributary of Neman River.
Vienne  is a department in the French region of Nouvelle-Aquitaine. It takes its name from the river Vienne.
The Samogitian Party  is an ethnic-regionalist autonomist party of the Lithuania's Samogitian minority founded in April 2008.
The Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program , is a not-for-profit organization meant to help healthcare organizations maintain their standards in patient care and comply with regulations and the healthcare environment. Headquartered in Chicago, HFAP is an accreditation organization with authority from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
Big Talk Productions Limited is a British film and television production company founded by Nira Park in 1994. Big Talk was acquired by ITV Studios in 2013.
The Josefina H. Cerilles State College is a public college in the Philippines. Its main campus is located in Mati, San Miguel, Zamboanga del Sur.
Real Sport Clube is a Portuguese football club situated in Queluz that competes in the Campeonato de Portugal. They were founded in 1951.
Thomas Arthur Darvill (born 17 June 1982) is a British actor and musician. He is known for playing Rory Williams, one of the Eleventh Doctor's companions in the television series "Doctor Who" (2010-2012), Rip Hunter in "Legends of Tomorrow" (2016–2018) and as Rev. Paul Coates in "Broadchurch" (2013–2017). 
Terttu Anneli Orvokki Saaristo (born 15 February 1949, Jokioinen) is a Finnish singer and actress, best known internationally for her participation in the 1989 Eurovision Song Contest.
Marie Louise of Hesse-Kassel (7 February 1688 – 9 April 1765) was a Dutch regent, Princess of Orange by marriage to John William Friso, Prince of Orange, and regent of the Netherlands during the minority of her son and her grandson. She was a daughter of Charles I, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel, and Maria Amalia of Courland. 
Al Nahda is a Saudi football club from Al-Khobar, Dammam. They currently playing in the Saudi First Division
Atlantic Books is an independent British publishing house, with its headquarters in the Ormond House in Bloomsbury, London Borough of Camden. It is perhaps best known for publishing Aravind Adiga's debut novel The White Tiger which received the 40th Man Booker Prize in 2008, and for its long-standing relationship with the late Christopher Hitchens.
The Impression 5 Science Center, is a science museum located in downtown Lansing, Michigan. Formerly known as the "Impression 5 Museum", the center is located in a historic wagon works factory on the Grand River. 
The River Calder is in West Yorkshire, in Northern England.
Abiskojokk or Abiskojåkka  is a river in the Abisko National Park in northern Sweden. The upper part of the river is called Kamajokk or Kamajåkka.
The Mozarthaus Vienna was Mozart's residence from 1784 to 1787. This building in Vienna's Old Town, not far from St. Stephen's Cathedral, is his only surviving Viennese residence and is now a museum.
The Black Hills of Greenlee County are a 20 mi (32 km) long mountain range of the extreme northeast Sonoran Desert bordering the south of the White Mountains of eastern Arizona's transition zone.
Rolieny Nonato Luis Bonevacia (born 8 October 1991) is a professional footballer who plays as an defensive midfielder for Western Sydney Wanderers in the A-League. He has played international football at youth level for the Netherlands, while at senior level he represents Curaçao, making his first official appearance for them in June 2019.
Associazioen Sportiva Dilettantistica Torviscosa is an Italian association football club located in Torviscosa, Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
Brian Ian Whittle (born 26 April 1964) is a Scottish politician and former athlete.
Inussulik Bay  is a bay in the Upernavik Archipelago in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
Alison Bay  is a bay in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. The bay is a tributary bay of Melville Bay, and is located in the northern part of Upernavik Archipelago, between Kiatassuaq Island in the southwest and the mainland of Greenland in the northeast.
The Alexander River is a river in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Line 4  is a line of the Rio de Janeiro Metro.
Camas Uig  is a bay on the west coast of the Isle of Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. The Lewis Chessmen were discovered in the dunes behind the beach.
The Canyon Creek Mountains are a short 10 mi (16 km) long, mountain range located in southeast Catron County, New Mexico near the source of the Gila River and north of the Gila Wilderness. The Elk Mountains are adjacent northwest, where the continental divide passes from north to east on the south of the Plains of San Agustin.
Iowa Field was a stadium in Iowa City, Iowa. It hosted the University of Iowa Hawkeyes football team until they moved to Iowa Stadium  in 1929. 
Luitingh-Sijthoff is a publishing company based in the Netherlands that releases fiction and nonfiction books for the Dutch language market. It is a subsidiary of Dutch conglomerate .
Kingittorsuaq Island  is a small, uninhabited island in the Avannaata municipality in northwestern Greenland. It is a small island in the southern part of the Upernavik Archipelago, located on the southwestern shores of Upernavik Icefjord, near the mouth of the latter where it opens into Baffin Bay. 
Son Ye-jin (born Son Eon-jin on January 11, 1982) is a South Korean actress. She rose to fame in romance-themed films and television series such as "The Classic" (2003), "Summer Scent" (2003), "A Moment to Remember" (2004), and "April Snow" (2005). She has won acting recognition for her versatility in diverse genres, notably in "Alone in Love" (2006), "My Wife Got Married" (2008), "The Pirates" (2014) and the 2016 films "The Truth Beneath" and "The Last Princess".
Amitsorsuaq Island is a small, uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.
The Big Burro Mountains are a moderate length long, mountain range located in central Grant County, New Mexico. The range's northwest-southeast 'ridgeline' is located 15 mi southwest of Silver City.
Barnton Football Club is a football club in the village of Barnton, near Northwich, in Cheshire, and participates in the .
Yoon Shi-yoon (; born Yoon Dong-gu on September 26, 1986) is a South Korean actor and television personality. He is best known for his leading roles in "King of Baking, Kim Takgu" (2010), "My Cute Guys" (2013), "Hit the Top" (2017), "Grand Prince" (2018) and "Your Honor" (2018). 
Khmer Renovation , also translated as "Khmer Renewal", was an anti-communist, nationalist and royalist political party founded in Cambodia in September 1947. In 1955, it became one of the core elements of the Sangkum political movement of Prince Norodom Sihanouk.
Illoorfik Island  is a small, uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. The island is a single flooded mountain of .
CHOB-TV is a low-power community television station in Maskwacis, Alberta, Canada, which began broadcasting in 1997. The station was licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission on July 10, 1997.
The Sportfreunde Hamborn 07 are a German association football club based in Hamborn, a district in the north of Duisburg.
Dokshytsy  is a town in the Vitebsk Region of Belarus with a significant Chassidic history. It is southwest of Vitebsk and a kilometer from the source of the Berezina River. 
Fuenteheridos is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva, Spain. According to the 2010 census, the municipality had a population of 599 inhabitants.
Stony Creek is a -long seasonal river in Northern California. It is a tributary of the Sacramento River, draining a watershed of more than on the west side of the Sacramento Valley in Glenn, Colusa, Lake and Tehama Counties. 
The Kontagora Emirate is a traditional state with the capital city of Kontagora, Niger State, Nigeria.
The Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School  is a public research university established as a satellite graduate school of Peking University in 2001 via a joint venture with the Shenzhen Municipal Government. It is situated inside the University Town of Shenzhen, along with the graduate schools of Tsinghua University and the Harbin Institute of Technology. 
Jung-ho Kang (; ; born April 5, 1987) is a South Korean third baseman for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball . He previously played in the KBO League for the Hyundai Unicorns and Nexen Heroes.
The Romania national under-17 football team represents Romania in international football at this age level and is controlled by the Federația Română de Fotbal, the governing body for football in Romania.
Valsequillo is a municipality in the province of Córdoba, Spain.
Sabiote is a municipality in the province of Jaén, Spain.
Dirtyphonics is a French electronic music band from Paris, consisting of members Charly Barranger and Julien "PitchIn" Corrales. Their music style is based on Hybrid, dubstep, drum and bass, drumstep.
Nipisat Island  is a small, uninhabited island in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland.
Awang Bay  is a bay in southeast Lombok, Indonesia, about 800 metres from the village of Ekas. It is a reputable surfing location. 
Little Brak River  is a settlement in Garden Route District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Royal Air Force Breighton or more simply RAF Breighton is a former Royal Air Force station located near to the village of Breighton, East Riding of Yorkshire, England which is now Breighton Airfield.
Clare Anne Adamson (born 1 August 1967) is a Scottish politician, who is the Scottish National Party  Member of the Scottish Parliament  for the Motherwell and Wishaw constituency since 2016, having previously represented the Central Scotland region 2011−2016. Adamson is Convenor of the Social Security Committee at the Scottish Parliament. 
The Cabras Islet  is a dual islet, along the southern coast of the island of Terceira in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. The group, with a total area of and perimeter of , is the largest islet in the Azores, normally referred to as a single islet  by locals, but comprising two landforms: the "Ilhéu Pequeno"  and the "Ilhéu Grande" .
Max Neufeld (13 February 1887 – 2 December 1967) was an Austrian film director, actor and screenwriter. He directed 70 films between 1919 and 1957. He directed the 1934 film "The Song of the Sun", which starred Vittorio De Sica.
Girard Bank was a Philadelphia based bank founded by Stephen Girard in 1811. The bank was acquired by Mellon Bank in 1983 and then, two decades later, by Citizens Bank.
Eugene S. Gaffney is an American paleontologist and leading authority on the evolutionary history of turtles.
The Hartland River is a perennial river of the East Gippsland catchment, located in the Australian state of Victoria.
Radio City 1386AM - The Swansea Bay University Health Board's Radio Service is the Hospital Radio service based in Singleton Hospital, Swansea.
The Wingan River is a perennial river with no defined major catchment, located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
Diamond Select Toys was founded in 1999 by sister company Diamond Comics Distributors to create collectibles for adult collectors, and has since licensed a variety of pop culture properties, including Marvel Comics, "Star Wars", "Star Trek", "Transformers", "Ghostbusters", "Halo", "", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Indiana Jones", "Battlestar Galactica", "24", "The Muppets" and "Back to the Future". While they have made collectibles in numerous product categories, including action figures, plush, banks, busts, statues and prop replicas, many of their licensed properties are released in the form of Minimates mini-figures.
Aermediterranea was an Italian airline founded in 1981 as a subsidiary of Alitalia to replace Itavia on the Italian domestic scene. The airline was owned by Alitalia and ATI, and was later merged into ATI in 1985.
Team TG FF, also known as Team ThorenGruppen, is a Swedish football club located in Umeå. The club was founded in 2014. 
Heinz-Dieter Ebbinghaus (born 22 February 1939 in Hemer, Province of Westphalia) is a German mathematician and logician.
The Revels were an American rock band from California, associated with the 1960s surf music craze. They had hits with "Six Pak", and "Church Key" which was their most famous single. 
Count Carl Gyllenborg (7 March 1679 in Stockholm – 9 December 1746 in Uppsala) was a Swedish statesman and author.
Davud Pasha (died 20 October 1498), also known with the epithet "Koca", was an Albanian general and grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire from 1482 to 1497 during the reign of Bayezid II. He became a "damat"  to the Ottoman dynasty by marrying an Ottoman princess.
Backdoor Bay is a small bay lying at the east side of Cape Royds, along the west side of Ross Island, Antarctica.
Seo Hee Ham or Seohee Ham  is a female South Korean mixed martial artist and kickboxer.
The Voltaire Foundation is a research department of the University of Oxford founded by Theodore Besterman in the 1970s. It publishes the definitive edition of the "Complete Works of Voltaire" , as well as "Oxford University Studies in the Enlightenment" , a monograph series devoted to the eighteenth century, and the correspondences of several key French thinkers. 
The Kupferstichkabinett, or Museum of Prints and Drawings, is a prints museum in Berlin, Germany. It is part of the Berlin State Museums, and is located in the Kulturforum on Potsdamer Platz. It is the largest museum of graphic art in Germany, with more than 500,000 prints and around 110,000 individual works on paper .
The Kingdom of Serbia , or Serbian Kingdom , was a medieval Serbian state that existed from 1217 to 1346, ruled by the Nemanjić dynasty. The Grand Principality of Serbia was elevated with the coronation of Stefan Nemanjić as king by his brother, archbishop Sava, after inheriting all territories unified by their father, grand prince Stefan Nemanja. 
The State Academy of Fine Arts Karlsruhe, , is an academy of arts in Karlsruhe, in Baden-Württemberg in south-western Germany. It is one of the smaller German art schools, with an average of 300 students.
Maurizio Sacconi (Conegliano, 13 July 1950) is an Italian politician from Veneto.
Aernout Mik (born 3 July 1962) is a Dutch artist, internationally known for his installations and films.
The Southeastern mixed forests are an ecoregion of the temperate broadleaf and mixed forest biome, in the lower portion of the Eastern United States.
Evil Geniuses  is an esports organization based in Seattle. Founded in 1999, the organization has fielded players in various fighting games, "Dota 2", "League of Legends", "StarCraft II", "World of Warcraft", "Halo," "Call of Duty", "Rocket League", and "Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege".
Tussaaq Island is an island of Greenland. It is located in Tasiusaq Bay in the Upernavik Archipelago.
Haysfield Airport - MD24 was an airport located in Howard County, Maryland
The Fordham Graduate School of Arts and Sciences  is a graduate school within Fordham University, a private Jesuit university based in New York City.
Savanne SC is a Mauritian football club based in Souillac, Savanne. They play in the Barclays League, the top division in Mauritian football.
The Francesco Morosini Naval Military School  is a military education college based in Venice operated by the Italian Navy and named after the great venetian Doge. 
The Faroe Islands U-17 National Team represents the Faroe Islands at under-17 age level and is controlled by the Faroe Islands Football Association.
Club Deportivo Everest is an Ecuadorian football team based in Guayaquil. They currently play in the third-level Segunda Categoría, but have spent ten seasons in the top-flight Serie A.
Brazil Can Do More , renamed Change Brazil  as of 2014, was a centrist electoral coalition in Brazil formed around the centrist Brazilian Social Democracy Party  for the 2010 presidential election. It was formed by six parties: PSDB, Democrats , Brazilian Labour Party , Socialist People's Party , Party of National Mobilization  and Labour Party of Brazil . Its presidential candidate was former São Paulo Governor José Serra from PSDB and the vice-presidential candidate was Rio de Janeiro federal deputy Indio da Costa from DEM.
The Azerbaijan national under-19 football team is the national football team of Azerbaijan and is controlled by the Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan.
Sellar Property Group is a British property group notable for its project Shard London Bridge, built in London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom.
Enavallen is a football stadium in Enköping, Sweden and the home stadium for the football team Enköpings SK. Enavallen has a total capacity of 4,500 spectators.
Island Melanesia is a sub-region of Melanesia in Oceania.
Westside Xtreme Wrestling  is a professional wrestling promotion based in Oberhausen, Germany. wXw has been one of the leading professional wrestling promotions in Germany, and most of its events have been held in the Ruhr district, primarily in Oberhausen. 
The Historic Districts Council  is a New York City-based 5013 nonprofit organization that serves as the advocate for New York City's historic buildings, neighborhoods, and public spaces.
Roadmaster is an American bicycle brand currently owned by Pacific Cycle, which in turn is owned by Dorel Industries of Canada.
Railroad and Transportation Museum of El Paso is a railroad museum in El Paso, Texas, United States.
The Sierra Madre del Sur pine-oak forests is a subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion of the Sierra Madre del Sur mountain range of southern Mexico.
The Vloman Kill is an tributary to the Hudson River in Albany County, New York, in the United States. Its source is in the town of New Scotland near the village of Voorheesville, and its mouth is at the Hudson River near the hamlet of Cedar Hill, in the town of Bethlehem.
Laura Tomlinson MBE (née Bechtolsheimer; born 31 January 1985, in Mainz, Germany) is a German-born British dressage rider competing at Olympic level.
Hubert Weise (22 December 1884 – 14 February 1950) was a German general  in the Luftwaffe during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany. 
Carl Daniel Jenkinson (born 8 February 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays as a right back for club Arsenal.
KRXW (103.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Roseau, Minnesota, and serving the Warroad/Roseau area. The station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio , and airs MPR's "News and Information" network, originating from KNOW in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
Widas River is a river in northern East Java, Indonesia. It is a tributary of the Brantas River.
Kluet River is a river in the province of Aceh, in northern Sumatra, Indonesia, about 1500 km northwest of the capital Jakarta.
Komering River is a river in South Sumatra, Indonesia.
Nahal Poleg is a stream in the Sharon plain in Israel that empties into the Mediterranean Sea between Netanya and the Wingate Institute.
Zebedee , according to all four Canonical Gospels, was the father of James and John, two disciples of Jesus. The gospels also suggest that he was the husband of Salome: whereas Mark names the women present at the crucifixion as "Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the Less and of Joses, and Salome", the parallel passage in has "Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James and Joses, and the mother of Zebedee's children." 
Cape Whitson, is a headland on the south coast of Laurie Island, the easternmost and second largest of the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica. It lies about 9 km south-east of Argentina’s Orcadas Base.
Cape Davidson is a cape which marks the southernmost part of Mackenzie Peninsula and the west side of the entrance to Wilton Bay, in the west part of Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica. It was charted in 1903 by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition under William Speirs Bruce, who named it for J. Davidson, first mate of the expedition ship "Scotia".
Ka I  are a Macanese football club which currently competes in the Liga de Elite.
Andreessen Horowitz (also called a16z, legal name AH Capital Management, LLC) is a private American venture capital firm, founded in 2009 by Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz. The company is headquartered in Menlo Park, California.
The College Club of Boston is a private membership organization founded in 1890 as the first women's college club in the United States. Located in the historic Back Bay of Boston, Massachusetts at 44 Commonwealth Avenue, the College Club was established by nineteen college educated women whose mission was to form a social club where they and other like-minded women could meet and share companionship. 
Sandra Ceccarelli (born 3 July 1967) is an Italian film actress.
Pianos Become the Teeth is an American band from Baltimore, Maryland, formed in 2006. Their musical style has been inspired by post-rock and early screamo acts, and they are a part of a post-hardcore music movement also represented by Touché Amoré, La Dispute, Defeater, and Make Do and Mend. 
Pirie Peninsula is a narrow peninsula extending northward from the center of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica. The peninsula was surveyed in 1903 by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition under Bruce, who named it for Dr Harvey Pirie, surgeon and geologist of the expedition.
Banca Monte Parma was an Italian regional bank, active in the provinces of Parma, Piacenza and Reggio-Emilia. In mid-2015 it was absorbed into the parent company.
Yorkrakine is a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia; it is part of the Shire of Tammin, east of the state capital, Perth. At the , Yorkrakine had a population of 117.
Escarpada Point, also known as Craggy Point , is the rocky, rugged south-west point of Clarence Island in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica. The descriptive name was given in the course of Argentine government visits in 1953–1954.
Fredriksen Island is an island long and wide, lying 1 km south-east of Powell Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica. It was discovered by Captains Nathaniel Palmer and George Powell in the course of their joint cruise in December 1821. 
Midas Island is an island lying north-west of Apéndice Island in Hughes Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was first seen by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache in 1898 and described as an island with two summits "like the ears of an ass". 
Fukuoka Financial Group is a Japanese company. Assets — $128.9 billion (2015). It is listed on the Nikkei 225.
Expat Radio 96.3 XFM was a radio station of MediaCorp in Singapore. Broadcasting on 96.3 MHz, it was Singapore's only radio station that broadcast a mix of Japanese, French, Hindi, Bangladeshi and German programmes. 
Gaston Henri de Bourbon, Duke of Verneuil (3 November 1601 – 28 May 1682), was the illegitimate son of King Henry IV of France and his mistress, Catherine Henriette de Balzac d'Entragues. He was the bishop of Metz from 1612 to 1652, despite not being ordained. 
Therese Lundin (born March 3, 1979) is a Swedish former football forward who played for Malmö FF and the Swedish national team. She is nicknamed Ludde.
Wamin is a commune in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas de Calais region in France of France. It lies 5 km north of Hesdin and 24 km east of Montreuil.
WFMD is a News/Talk/Sports-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Frederick, Maryland, serving the Frederick/Hagerstown area. WFMD is owned and operated by Connoisseur Media.
Zoteux is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Willerval is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Wanquetin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Maroilles is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
WJFP (91.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Urban Contemporary format. Licensed to Fort Pierce, Florida, the station is currently owned by Black Media Works, Inc.
Sunair is an airline based in New Zealand.
Avelanges is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.
Arcenant is a French commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.
Ahuy is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.
Bidon is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Ardoix  is a commune in the Ardèche department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southern France.
Le Teil is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France. The writer Romain Roussel (1898–1973) winner of the Prix Interallié in 1937 was born in Le Teil.
Lanas is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France. 
Aweil is a city in South Sudan and the capital of the Aweil State.
KPRN (89.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Grand Junction, Colorado. The station is owned by Colorado Public Radio , and airs CPR's "Colorado News" network, originating from KCFR-FM in Denver, Colorado.
Verkhny Ufaley  is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Ufaley River , northwest of Chelyabinsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Since 1836 the Academy has occupied an 18th-century building designed by the neoclassical architect Juan de Villanueva. The building was originally occupied by the Hieronymites, a religious order. 
KQQZ (1190 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a talk and classic country format. Licensed to Fairview Heights, Illinois, United States, it serves the St. Louis area. 
Lennoxtown Training Centre is Celtic F.C.'s training centre, located at Lennoxtown, East Dunbartonshire in Scotland. The complex houses the club's training and educational facilities. 
Uniao Flamengo Santos is a football club from Gabane, Botswana based in Gaborone. They play their home matches at UB Stadium in Gaborone.
Quintus Caecilius Metellus Creticus (c. 135 BC – late 50s BC) was a politically active member of the Roman upper class. He was praetor in 74 BC and pontifex from 73 BC until his death. He was consul in 69 BC along with Quintus Hortensius Hortalus.
We the Kings is an American rock band from Bradenton, Florida. The band's self-titled full-length debut album, released in 2007, included the platinum single "Check Yes Juliet", and went on to sell over 250,000 copies in the US. The group's second album "Smile Kid" (2009) included Top 40 singles "Heaven Can Wait" and "We'll Be a Dream" , as well as the single "She Takes Me High".
The National Library of Finland  is the foremost research library in Finland. Administratively the library is part of the University of Helsinki. Until 1 August 2006, it was known as the Helsinki University Library.
Bizcaya  was an association football representative team from Bilbao, Spain, specially created to take part in the 1902 Copa de la Coronación and the Copa del Rey 1907. In this respect, the team is similar to London XI. 
Isuma  is an artist collective and Canada's first Inuit (75%) production company, co-founded by Zacharias Kunuk, Paul Apak Angilirq and Norman Cohn in Igloolik, Nunavut in 1990. Known internationally for its award-winning film, "", the first feature film ever to be written, directed and acted entirely in the Inuktitut language, Isuma was selected to represent Canada at the 2019 Venice Biennale, the first presentation of art by Inuit in the Canada Pavilion.
Merkwiller-Pechelbronn  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
KLJA (107.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish AC format. Licensed to Univision Radio in Georgetown, Texas, United States, it serves the Austin area. 
Club de Fútbol Correcaminos de la Universidad Autónoma de Tamaulipas is an association football team from Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas.
Sideling Hill Creek is a tributary of Aughwick Creek in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania in the United States. Via Aughwick Creek and the Juniata River, it is part of the Susquehanna River watershed.
KJSR (103.3 FM, "103.3 The Eagle") is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Tulsa, Oklahoma. The station is owned by Cox Media Group and the broadcast license is held by Cox Radio, broadcasting a classic rock format. 
Arthur Henry Eugen Nordlie (2 February 1883 in Oslo – 7 January 1965) was a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party.
Carl Christian Mez (26 March 1866 – 8 January 1944) was a German botanist and university professor. He is denoted by the author abbreviation Mez when citing a botanical name.
Svenn Thorkild Stray (11 February 1922 – 20 May 2012) was a Norwegian politician and a member of the Conservative Party of Norway. He served as a member of parliament from 1958 to 1985, as president of the Nordic Council in 1968, and as foreign minister of Norway from 1970 to 1971, and 1981 to 1986.
The Campo  or Ntem River is a border river in Cameroon, mainland Equatorial Guinea and Gabon. It rises in Gabon, and flows into the Atlantic Ocean in Cameroon in the Bight of Biafra.
KARO (98.7 FM, "Air 1") is a radio station licensed to serve Nyssa, Oregon, United States. The station is owned by the Educational Media Foundation.
WLKV is a Contemporary Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Ripley, West Virginia, serving Ripley and Jackson County, West Virginia. WLKV is owned and operated by Educational Media Foundation.
ad-Dhahiriya   is a Palestinian city in the Hebron Governorate, 23 km southwest of the city of Hebron in the southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, ad-Dhahiriya had a population of 38.002 in 2016.
Western Norway Pharmaceutical Trust  is a health trust owned by Western Norway Regional Health Authority that operates four hospital pharmacies at Haukeland University Hospital in Bergen, Stavanger Hospital, Haugesund Hospital and Førde Hospital. The pharmacies are part of the Ditt Apotek chain and use Norsk Medisinaldepot as wholesaler.
KSOR (90.1 FM) is a National Public Radio member station licensed to Ashland, Oregon. The station is owned by Southern Oregon University, and is an affiliate of Jefferson Public Radio. 
The Chicago City Opera Company was a grand opera company in Chicago, organized from the remaining assets of the bankrupt Chicago Grand Opera Company, that produced four seasons of opera at the Civic Opera House from 1935 to 1939 before it too succumbed to financial difficulties. It was succeeded by the Chicago Opera Company.
Giovanni Domenico de Cupis  (1493–1553) was an Italian Cardinal, created by Pope Leo X in the consistory of 1 July 1517.
KSJR-FM (90.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Collegeville, Minnesota, and serving the St. Cloud area. The station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio , and airs MPR's "Classical Music Network", originating from KSJN in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
KNWF (91.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Fergus Falls, Minnesota. The station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio , and airs MPR's "News and Information" network, originating from KNOW in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
Otto Fabricius (6 March 1744 – 20 May 1822) was a Danish missionary, naturalist, ethnographer, and explorer of Greenland.
Molina de Segura is a municipality of Spain in the autonomous community and province of Murcia. It is located 10 km from the provincial capital, Murcia.
Claude Zidi (born 25 July 1934) is a French film director and screenwriter who is noted for his mainstream burlesque comedies. Born in Paris, he started as a cameraman and then cinematographer, and made his directorial and screenwriting debut in 1971. 
Late of the Pier are a four-piece dance-punk band from Castle Donington, England, signed to Parlophone. Their debut album "Fantasy Black Channel", produced by Erol Alkan was released on 11 August 2008 by Parlophone.
Khan were an English progressive rock band of the Canterbury Scene during 1971-1972.
Sidsel Endresen (born 19 June 1952) is a Norwegian jazz vocalist, composer and actor.
Thorey-Lyautey is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
The China Railway Engineering Corporation  is a state-owned holding company of China, which is under the supervision of the State Council. The company is the major shareholder of China Railway Group Limited , its subsidiary.
TSF is a Portuguese radio station, founded in 1989 and broadcasting from Lisbon. 
IMI Systems, formerly Israel Military Industries, also referred to as Ta'as , is an Israeli weapons manufacturer. It manufactures weapons, munitions and military technology mainly for Israeli security forces .
The West Virginia University College of Law is the professional school for the study of law at West Virginia University in Morgantown, West Virginia, United States. The law school was established in 1878 as the first professional school in the state, and remains the only law school in the state.
Hivesville is a small town and a locality in the South Burnett Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Hivesville had a population of 169 people.
The National Unity of Timorese Resistance  is a political party in East Timor founded in 2005. Cornelio Gama, a former FALINTIL commander and former member of the National Parliament, has served as the party's leader since its creation. 
KKUP (91.5 FM) is a community radio station broadcasting a Variety format. Licensed to Cupertino, California, United States, it serves the greater Bay Area. 
KWFS-FM (branded as "102.3 The Bull") is a radio station serving the Wichita Falls area with a Modern Country format. It broadcasts on FM frequency 102.3 MHz and is under ownership of Townsquare Media.
KSRT (107.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to Cloverdale, California, United States, it serves the Santa Rosa area. The station is currently owned by Lazer Licenses, LLC.
KMPH (840 AM) is a radio station licensed to and serving the Modesto, California area. The station is owned by Immaculate Heart Media, Inc..
KIQQ-FM (103.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to Newberry Springs, California, United States, it serves the Barstow area. 
Black Squirrel Radio  is an Internet radio station run by students of Kent State University, broadcasting exclusively online. Black Squirrel Radio is overseen by faculty from Kent State University's Journalism and Mass Communication program.
The National Movement of Switzerland  was a Nazi umbrella-group formed in Switzerland in 1940. 
KKVV (1060 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format. Licensed to Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, it serves the Las Vegas area. 
KADD (93.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an ethnic  format. Licensed to Logandale, Nevada, United States, it serves the Las Vegas Valley. 
Busot  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Alacantí in the Valencian Community, Spain.
WJCH (91.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format. Licensed to Joliet, Illinois, United States, it serves the Chicago area with the main national feed of the Family Radio religious network without any local deviation. 
WVCH (740 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious format. It is licensed to Chester, Pennsylvania, United States, and serves the Philadelphia area. The station is owned by Wvch Communications, Inc.
WRBB (104.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a variety format. Licensed to Boston, Massachusetts, United States, it serves the Boston area, and is run by Northeastern students. The station is owned by Northeastern University and transmitted from Northeastern's campus.
WHIE (1320 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Griffin, Georgia, United States, it serves the Atlanta area. 
WGHR (106.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting Westwood One's Good Time Oldies format. Licensed to Spring Hill, Florida, United States, it serves the northern Tampa Bay area, including Hernando and Citrus Counties . 
Kasami was born in Kobe, Japan, and studied electrical engineering at Osaka University, where he received his B.E. degree in 1958, M.E. in 1960, and Ph.D. in 1963. He then joined the faculty, teaching until 1994, and was dean 1990–1992. He was subsequently professor in the Graduate School of Information Science at the Nara Institute of Science and Technology 1992–1998, and professor of information science at Hiroshima City University 1998–2004.
WPAB (550 AM, "550 Ponce") is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish News/Talk format. Licensed to Ponce, Puerto Rico, it serves the greater Puerto Rico area. 
WAPA (680 AM) is a radio station licensed to San Juan, Puerto Rico, broadcasting a News Talk Information format. The station is owned by Wifredo G. Blanco-Pi . It is an affiliate of CNN en Español radio news network.
Birchy Bay is a small community found in Notre Dame Bay in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
WRLZ (1270 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish Christian Contemporary music format. Licensed to Eatonville, Florida, United States, it serves the Orlando area. The station is currently owned by Radio Luz, Inc.
KKOV (1550 kHz) is an AM radio station licensed to Vancouver, Washington, United States, and serving the Portland metropolitan area. The station is owned by Intelli LLC. 
WNNF (94.1 FM) is a radio station with a country music format in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. The station is owned by Cumulus Media. Its studios are located in North Cincinnati and the transmitter site is just northeast of downtown.
Jan Boeckhorst or Johann Bockhorst (c. 1604 – 21 April 1668), was a German-born Flemish Baroque painter and draughtsman. He was a versatile artist who produced history paintings, genre scenes and portraits in a style influenced by the trio of leading Baroque painters in Antwerp Peter Paul Rubens, Anthony van Dyck and Jacob Jordaens.
The DeWitt Wallace Decorative Arts Museum , is a museum dedicated to British and American fine and decorative arts from 1670-1840, located in Williamsburg, Virginia.
KDYL (1060 kHz) is an AM radio station airing the programming of China International Radio in English and Mandarin Chinese. Licensed to South Salt Lake, Utah, it serves the Salt Lake City metropolitan area. 
KUDD (105.1 FM) is an American radio station broadcasting a Top 40 , serving American Fork, Utah, and surrounding areas. This station is owned by Dell Loy Hansen, through Broadway Media LS, LLC. Its studios are in Downtown Salt Lake City and its transmitter site is located southwest of the city of Farnsworth Peak in the Oquirrh Mountains.
The Socialist Party  is a political party in Morocco.
The Party of Action for Change in Togo  is a political party in Togo.
Fanjava Velogno is a political party in Madagascar. In the 23 September 2007 National Assembly elections, the party won 1 out of 127 seats. 
Axel Dieter Becke (born June 10, 1953) is a physical chemist and Professor of Chemistry at Dalhousie University, Canada. He is a leading researcher in the application of density functional theory  to molecules.
Hog Island is an island spanning located in Muscongus Bay in Bremen, Maine at the end of Keene Neck Road. It is a part of the Todd Wildlife Sanctuary, which includes an additional on the mainland across from the island, as well as the current home to the Audubon Camp in Maine operated by the Seabird Restoration Program  of the National Audubon Society.
Grand Duke Alexei Mikhailovich of Russia  (28 December 1875 – 2 March 1895) was the sixth son and youngest child of Grand Duke Michael Nicolaievich of Russia and a first cousin of Alexander III of Russia. He was destined to follow a career in the Russian Navy, but he died in his youth of tuberculosis.
Rastorguyev Island or Rastorguyeva Island  is an island in the Kara Sea, Russian Federation.
KWRV (91.9 FM) is a classical music radio station. Licensed to Sun Valley, Idaho, the station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio, and simulcasts the MPR classical network.
The Algerian Rally  is a minor political party in Algeria, led by Ali Zaghdoud. In the 17 May 2007 People's National Assembly elections, the party won 1.75% of the vote and one out of 389 seats. 
WEBF (88.3 FM) is a K-LOVE-affiliated radio station in Lerose, Kentucky, United States. The station is owned by Board of Regents of Morehead State University and features programming from American Public Media and Public Radio International. The station is also broadcast on HD radio.
The Skillet Lickers were an old-time band from Georgia, United States.
Walter Meyer (14 September 1904 – 5 December 1949) was a German rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
The Homorodul Mic is the left headwater of the river Homorod in Romania. At its confluence with the river Homorodul Mare in the village Homorod, the river Homorod is formed. 
The New Democratic Forces  was a political party in Congo-Brazzaville from 2007 to 2011.
The SMU Mustangs football program is a college football team that represents Southern Methodist University . The team competes in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision  as a member of the American Athletic Conference .
Lipki  is a town in Kireyevsky District of Tula Oblast, Russia, located south of Tula, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Johannes von Geissel (5 February 1796 – 8 September 1864) was a German Catholic Archbishop of Cologne and Cardinal from the Electorate of the Palatinate.
Elaine Jessica Weyuker is an ACM Fellow, an IEEE Fellow (since 2003), and an AT&T Fellow at Bell Labs for research in software metrics and testing as well as elected to the National Academy of Engineering. She is the author of over 130 papers in journals and refereed conference proceedings.
The PLUS Expressways Berhad  is the largest highway concessionaries or build–operate–transfer operator company in Malaysia. A member of the UEM Group, the company is also the largest listed toll expressway operator in Southeast Asia and the eighth largest in the world.
Rodniki  is a town and the administrative center of Rodnikovsky District in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, located on the Yuksha River, northeast of Ivanovo, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Civrieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Cormoz is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Kourtney Mary Kardashian (born April 18, 1979) is an American media personality, socialite, businesswoman, model, and author. In 2007, she and her family began starring in the reality television series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians". Its success led to the creation of spin-offs including "Kourtney and Khloé Take Miami" and "Kourtney and Kim Take New York".
Hookfoot was a British rock band, active from 1969 to 1974. 
St. Andrews Football Club are a Maltese football club from the town of St. Andrew's, Pembroke, which currently plays in the Maltese Premier League.
Bird Island  is one of the Falkland Islands. It lies due south of West Falkland, near Port Stephens and Calm Head. It has been identified as an Important Bird Area  by BirdLife International.
Lingreville is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
WBOC-FM (102.5 FM) is a radio station that broadcasts an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Princess Anne, Maryland, United States, the station is owned by Draper Holdings Business Trust, which also owns WBOC-TV (channel 16).
Stone Gods were a British hard rock / heavy metal band formed by some ex-members of the UK hard rock band The Darkness. Their debut album, titled "Silver Spoons & Broken Bones", was released on 7 July 2008, with the first single "Knight of the Living Dead" being released on 23 June 2008. 
KBBI (890 AM), is a National Public Radio member radio station in Homer, Alaska. KBBI is a Class A, clear-channel station which broadcasts with a power of 10,000 watts.
The Liberal Party  is a conservative-liberal political party in Moldova.
Menshikov Island  is an island in the Sea of Okhotsk located east of the Shantar Islands.
Beitar Ezra  is an Israeli football club based in the Ezra neighbourhood of Tel Aviv. The club currently plays in Liga Gimel Tel Aviv division.
Valero is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.
Hapoel Neve Golan  is an Israeli football club based in Neve Golan, Jaffa. The club is currently in Liga Gimel Tel Aviv division.
La Bastida is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain.
Stone Old Alleynians Football Club is a football club based in the town of Stone, Staffordshire, England. They made their FA Vase debut in 2014.
Gallegos is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain.
Villaescusa is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain. It has a population of 3,802 inhabitants (2013).
The Podvodnyye Islands  are a small island group off the Azerbaijan coast in the Caspian Sea.
The Barmedman Creek, a mostlyperennial river that is part of the Lachlan sub-catchment of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the South West Slopes, and Riverina regions of New South Wales, Australia. The Barmedman Creek is only connected to the Murray Darling basin when the Bland Creek, the Lachlan and Murrumbidgee Rivers are in flood.
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Kansas were held on November 8, 2016, to elect the four U.S. Representatives from the state of Kansas, one from each of the state's four congressional districts. The elections coincided with the 2016 U.S. presidential election, as well as other elections to the House of Representatives, elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections. 
Muvman Liberater is a left-wing political party in Mauritius founded in 2014 by Ivan Collendavelloo, a lawyer, as a breakaway from the Mauritian Militant Movement  in protest against MMM leader Paul Berenger's alliance with Prime Minister Navin Ramgoolam's Labour Party. It won seven seats in the 2014 General Election, with the elected MPs being Ivan Collendavelloo, Sangeet Fowdar, Anil Gayan, Ravi Rutna, Anwar Husnoo, Eddy Boissezon and Toolsyraj Benydin.
The Burra Creek, a mostlyperennial river that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the Monaro and Southern Tablelands regions of New South Wales, Australia.
Polaciones is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain.
Tresviso is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain.
Nama Karoo is a xeric shrubland ecoregion located on the central plateau of South Africa and Namibia. It occupies most of the interior of the western half of South Africa and extends into the southern interior of Namibia.
The Santa Maria Mountains are a 16-mi (26 km) long mountain range in central-northwest Arizona, and in northwest Yavapai County. The range lies in a region of mesas and mountain ranges in the northwest of Arizona's transition zone. 
Government College, Kattappana is located in Idukki district, India. Affiliated with M G University, the college offers a Bachelor's degree in arts, science and commerce. 
Yang Shu-chun or Judy Yang (; born October 26, 1985 in Yingge, Taipei County, now New Taipei City) is a female Taiwanese taekwondo athlete. She won the women's flyweight (under 51 kg) gold medal at the 2008 Asian Taekwondo Championships.
Colorado Springs East Airport is a private airport located 25 miles (40 km) east of the central business district of the city of Colorado Springs, and 3 miles (5 km) northwest of the central business district of the city of Ellicott in El Paso County, Colorado, United States. The airport is privately owned by Springs East Airport, Inc. The airport is 2 miles (3 km) north of Highway 94 via a gravel road, and taxiways and vehicle roadways are gravel/grass/dirt.
Rok plc was a British construction company, based in Exeter. Rok went into administration in 2010.
Tenorio Rock  is a rock 0.4 nautical miles (0.7 km) offshore in western Discovery Bay, Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. The name derives from the forms "Islote Tenorio" and "Islote Aviador Tenorio" used on Chilean hydrographic charts of the 1950s. 
Money Island or Ngwe Kyun  is an island in the Mergui Archipelago of Taninthayi Region, Myanmar.
Return Point is a rocky slope forming the south-west extremity of Coronation Island, in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica. It lies 2 km west-north-west of Cheal Point.
The House of Representatives  is the lower house of the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw, the bicameral legislature of Myanmar . It consists of 440 members, of which 330 are directly elected through the first-past-the-post system in each townships , and 110 are appointed by the Myanmar Armed Forces.
Giuseppe II Pozzobonelli (or "Puteobonellus", 1696–1783) was an Italian Cardinal and the Archbishop of Milan from 1743 to 1783.
The Hasso Plattner Institute of Design at Stanford, commonly known as the d.school, a place for explorers and experimenters at Stanford University.
Salvador Capitano (born 1 January 1955 in Rosario) is an Argentinean former soccer player. He is currently a coach.
The Weschnitz is a 59.4 km long right tributary of the Rhine River running through the German states of Hesse and Baden-Württemberg. The name of the river traces to the Celtic god Visucius, who was worshiped in the region.
Barzdai  is a small town in Marijampolė County, in southwestern Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 385 people.
Vainutas is a small town in Klaipėda County, in northwestern Lithuania. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 746 people.
Rusi Gochev (; born 9 March 1958) is a Bulgarian retired football winger.
The Silliman University College of Law  is one of the constituent colleges of Silliman University, a private university in Dumaguete City, Philippines. The college was founded in 1935 with Emilio Javier and Felix Gaudiel as pioneers. 
Stine Bredal Oftedal (born 25 September 1991) is a Norwegian handball player for Győri Audi ETO KC and the Norwegian national team, where she is the team captain.
Andrew Noel Schofield FRS FREng (born 1 November 1930) is a British soil mechanics engineer and an emeritus professor of geotechnical engineering at the University of Cambridge.
The Lukuledi is a river in The United Republic Of Tanzania, south-eastern region of Africa. With a total length of 160 km, it rises from the boundary between the Lindi and Mtwara regions. 
Syrian Private University or SPU   is a private university located in Syria.
Pulgar is a Spanish municipality in the Province of Toledo.
Studio Green is an Indian film production and distribution company based in Chennai. The company was founded in 2006 by K. E. Gnanavel Raja, relative of actor Sivakumar and many of their films feature his sons Suriya and Karthi. 
Gasetsho Gom Gewog  is a gewog  of Wangdue Phodrang District, Bhutan.
The Universitas Negeri Semarang  is a public university in the city of Semarang, Central Java, Indonesia. The university is located in Gunungpati, a highland area of Semarang, Central Java.
The Battle River Railway is a co-operative shortline freight railway created in 2010 in central Alberta. It serves the communities of Alliance, Galahad, Forestburg, Heisler, Rosalind, Kelsey, providing them with a rail connection to the Canadian National line in Camrose which connects to port facilities in Vancouver and Prince Rupert, British Columbia.
Princess Marianne of Prussia, born Marie Anne Amalie, Landgravine of Hesse-Homburg (13 October 1785, Bad Homburg vor der Höhe – 14 April 1846, Berlin) was a German noblewoman. She acted as the first lady of Prussia from 1810–40.
William Bradford Myers (born December 10, 1990) is an American professional baseball third baseman, outfielder, and first baseman for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball . He previously played for the Tampa Bay Rays.
Cesare Salvadori (born 22 September 1941) is a retired Italian sabre fencer. He won a gold and two silver medals with the Italian team at the 1964, 1968 and 1972 Olympics; his best individual achievement was ninth place in 1964.
Revercombs Corner is an unincorporated community in Rappahannock County, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
Nick Proschwitz (born 28 November 1986) is a German footballer who plays as a forward for SV Meppen. He began his career in Germany and Switzerland, before moving to England in 2012 where he spent the next three years.
Aceh United Football Club was an Indonesian football club based in Bireuën, Aceh, on the island of Sumatra.
ICHIBANYA Co., Ltd. owns the top curry rice restaurant chain in Japan, Curry House CoCo ICHIBANYA or usually just CoCo ICHIBAN or CoCo ICHI. The chain owns both direct and franchise restaurants in total of twelve countries: United States, Thailand, Indonesia, Singapore, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, Hong Kong, South Korea, Vietnam, the United Kingdom, the Philippines, and Japan.
Chrissi  is an uninhabited Greek island approximately south of Crete close to Ierapetra in the South Cretan Sea. Approximately east of the island is the island of Mikronisi. Administratively these islands fall within the Ierapetra municipality in Lasithi.
Skydance Media  is an American production company based in Santa Monica, California. Founded by David Ellison in 2006, the company raised $350 million to co-produce and co-finance films with Paramount Pictures since 2009 and has been renewed twice out to 2021. 
Bank of Commerce, also known as BankCom, Bancommerce and BoC, is a commercial bank and the 15th largest lender by asset in the Philippines. It is majority (58.2%) owned by San Miguel Corporation.
Umzumbe Local Municipality is an administrative area in the Ugu District of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa. 
Sky Aviation was a regional airline based in Jakarta, Indonesia. The airline started service in 2010 until they suspended operation in 2014.
Club Deportivo Audaz commonly known as CD Audaz, or simply Audaz, is a Salvadoran association football club based in Apastepeque, San Vicente.
Trachilos , also known as Trachila, is an uninhabited Greek islet, located south of cape Goudero on the coast of Lasithi, eastern Crete, in the Libyan Sea. It forms a close group of islands with Koufonisi, Makroulo, Marmaro, and Strongyli.
The Busu River is a river located near Lae, in Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea. It is the fastest-flowing river in Papua New Guinea and the seventh-fastest in the world.
The North Korea national Under-23 football team represents North Korea at the Asian Games and other under-23 competitions.
Radio Mogadishu " is the federal government-run radio station of Somalia.
The Hang Seng University of Hong Kong  is a self-financing university in Hong Kong located in Siu Lek Yuen, Sha Tin, New Territories. It was founded as Hang Seng Management College in 2010 by the Hang Seng School of Commerce and was granted university title in 2018.
Mahatma Gandhi University, Nalgonda is a public university located at Nalgonda district, Telangana, India.
Kerstin Kowalski (also known as Kerstin El Qalqili, born 25 January 1976 in Potsdam-Babelsberg) is a German rower. At the 2000 Olympics she rowed with her twin sister Manja. 
Rudolf Steiner University College  is a state-accredited and state-funded private university college in Oslo, Norway.
Luis Francisco de la Cerda y Aragón, (El Puerto de Santa María, 2 August 1660 – Pamplona, 26 January 1711), 9th Duke of Medinaceli, was a Spanish noble and politician.
Deborah Angela Elspeth Marie Abrahams (' Morgan; born 15 September 1960) is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament  for the Oldham East and Saddleworth constituency since a by-election in January 2011. Her previous career was as a public health consultant.
Bintang Medan Football Club, commonly referred to as Bintang Medan F.C. or Medan Bintang F.C., or simply Bintang Medan, is an Indonesian football club based in Medan, North Sumatra. This team plays in the Liga Primer Indonesia. 
Jordan Field  is a multi-purpose stadium on the campus of Harvard University in the Allston neighborhood of Boston. 
Founded in 1893 by nursing pioneer Lillian D. Wald and Mary M. Brewster, the Visiting Nurse Service of New York  is one the largest not-for-profit home- and community-based health care organization in the United States, serving the five boroughs of New York City; Nassau, Suffolk, and Westchester Counties; and parts of upstate New York.
Eugene Michael Simon (born 11 June 1992) is an English film and television actor. He is best known for his roles as Jerome Clarke in the Nickelodeon's mystery television series "House of Anubis" (2011–2013) and as Lancel Lannister in the HBO's fantasy drama television series "Game of Thrones" (2011–2012; 2015–2016).
Pakistan Institute of Engineering and Applied Sciences  is a public institute focused on the study of science, technology, engineering and mathematics . It is located in Islamabad, Pakistan.
Ryan George Lindley (born June 22, 1989) is an American football coach and former quarterback who is the current quarterbacks coach for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League . He played college football at San Diego State, and was drafted by the Arizona Cardinals in the sixth round of the 2012 NFL Draft. Lindley has also been a member of the San Diego Chargers, New England Patriots, Indianapolis Colts and Ottawa Redblacks.
Montillana is a municipality in the province of Granada, Spain. As of 2010, it has a population of 1360 inhabitants.
Vegas del Genil is a municipality in the province of Granada, Spain. As of 2009, it has a population of 7537 inhabitants.
Prasonisi , is a small islet off the southern coast of Crete, close to the northern coast of the island of Gavdos and between Gavdos and the islet of Gavdopoula, in the Libyan Sea. Administratively, it is located within the municipality of Gavdos, in Chania regional unit.
Chamba State was one of the oldest princely states in present-day Republic of India, having been founded during the late 6th century. It was part of the States of the Punjab Hills of the Punjab Province of British India from 1859–1947. 
Azara is a municipality in the province of Huesca, Spain. In 2010, it had a population of 200 inhabitants. 
Dungarpur State was a princely state during the British Raj. Its capital was the city of Dungarpur in the southernmost area of present-day Rajasthan State in India. 
Lee Ju-yeon (Hangul: 이주연, sometimes rendered "Lee Ju-youn"; born 29 October 1987) is a South Korean speed skater. She represented her country at the 2006 and 2010 editions of the Winter Olympics. 
Loporzano is a municipality in the province of Huesca, Spain. As of 2010, it has a population of 540 inhabitants.
Hobarrow Bay is a small secluded southwest-facing bay, with an oil shale and shingle beach to the southeast of Brandy Bay and to the southwest of Kimmeridge on the south coast of the Isle of Purbeck, in Dorset, England.
KFLY is an American commercial country music radio station in Eugene, Oregon, broadcasting to the Eugene-Springfield, Oregon area on 101.5 FM.
The Glory Movement  has two seats in the Lebanese Parliament. Najib Mikati has been the party leader since 2004. 
Bele Barkarby FF is a Swedish football club located in Järfälla Municipality in Stockholm County.
Gibson Brands, Inc.  is an American manufacturer of guitars, other musical instruments, and professional audio from Kalamazoo, Michigan, and now based in Nashville, Tennessee. The company was formerly known as Gibson Guitar Corporation and renamed Gibson Brands, Inc. on June 11, 2013.
Mike Lévy (born 13 June 1987), known professionally as Gesaffelstein, is a French music programmer, DJ, songwriter and record producer. He has worked alongside artists as varied as The Weeknd, Miss Kittin, Daft Punk, A$AP Rocky, Phoenix, Kanye West, Jean-Michel Jarre and Pharrell Williams.
Hystaspes , Vishtaspa  or Gustasp  (fl. 550 BC), was a Persian satrap of Bactria and Persis. He was the father of Darius I, king of the Achaemenid Empire, and Artabanus, who was a trusted advisor to both his brother Darius as well as Darius's son and successor, Xerxes I. 
Mahaut of Albon (1112–1148), was a Countess Consort of Savoy; married in 1123 to Amadeus III, Count of Savoy. 
Joey Hand (born February 10, 1979) is an American professional racing driver, and is currently a Ford factory driver. A former champion of the Star Mazda Series, Hand is best known as a sports car driver, and is co-winner of the 2011 24 Hours of Daytona driving for Chip Ganassi Racing, the 2012 12 Hours of Sebring GT class for BMW Team Rahal, and the 2016 24 Hours of Le Mans LMGTE Pro class for Ford Chip Ganassi Team USA driving the Ford GT.
IFK Berga is a Swedish football club located in Kalmar.
Alexandrina Cabral Barbosa (born 5 May 1986) is a Portuguese-born Spanish handballer for Nantes Handball and the Spanish national team.
Yong Jun-hyung (Hangul: 용준형; born December 19, 1989), commonly known as Junhyung, is a South Korean singer-songwriter, rapper, record producer, and actor. He was a member of the K-pop boy band Highlight  from 2009 until 2019, when he departed the group after admitting to viewing illicit videos. The police have stated that he is only being considered a witness at this point in time in the Burning Sun scandal.
Son Dong-woon (; born June 6, 1991), known mononymously as Dongwoon, is a South Korean singer. He is a member of the boy group Highlight .
arsEdition is a German publishing company, founded in 1896 by Austrian Josef Müller. Since 2000 it is part of the Bonnier group. 
The Revolutionary Socialists   are a Trotskyist organisation in Egypt originating in the tradition of 'Socialism from Below'. Leading RS members include sociologist Sameh Naguib. 
Vasil Todorov Gyuzelev (, born 19 October 1936) is a Bulgarian historian who studies Bulgaria during the Middle Ages.
Galgotias University is a private university in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is recognized by the University Grants Commission .
Vice Admiral Mohab Mamish (; born 6 August 1948) is the chairman of the Suez Canal Authority. He was the Commander of the Egyptian Navy from 27 September 2007 until August 2012. He was also a member of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces which governed Egypt de facto after the Egyptian Revolution of 2011.
Love Affair was a London-based pop and soul group formed in 1966. The group had several "UK Singles Chart" Top 10 hits, including the number one success, "Everlasting Love".
Eugenia Volodina (September 23, 1984, ) is a Russian supermodel.
The University of Colorado Denver is a public research university in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is part of the University of Colorado system.
The government of Japan is a constitutional monarchy in which the power of the emperor is limited and is relegated primarily to ceremonial duties. As in many other states, the government is divided into three branches: the legislative branch, the executive branch, and the judicial branch.
ArtScience Museum is a museum located within the integrated resort of Marina Bay Sands in the Downtown Core of the Central Area in Singapore. Opened on 17 February 2011 by Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, it is the world's first ArtScience museum.
Valapattanam River is the largest river in the Kannur district, located in the South Indian state of Kerala. 
Witten/Herdecke University  is a private, state-recognized non-profit university in Witten, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It was the first German private institution of higher education to receive accreditation as a "Universität", a status recognizing the university's academic quality equivalent to state-run universities and granting the right to award next to bachelor's and master's degrees, doctorates and the German Habilitation.
Jacqueline Ruth Weaver (born 25 May 1947) is an Australian theatre, film, and television actress. She is known internationally for her performances in "Animal Kingdom" (2010) and "Silver Linings Playbook" (2012), both of which earned her nominations for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
MAC Cosmetics, stylized as M·A·C, is a cosmetics manufacturer founded in Toronto, Canada in 1984 by Frank Toskan and Frank Angelo. The company is headquartered in New York City and became part of the Estée Lauder Companies in 1998. MAC is an acronym for "Make-up Art Cosmetics".
Nendo  is the largest of the Santa Cruz Islands, located in the Temotu province of the Solomon Islands. The island is also known as Santa Cruz, Ndeni, Nitendi or Ndende. The name "Santa Cruz" was given to the island in 1595 by the Spanish navigator Álvaro de Mendaña, who started a colony there.
Masayuki Suzuki (鈴木雅之, "Suzuki Masayuki", born September 22, 1956 in Ota, Tokyo) is a Japanese singer best known as a former member of Rats & Star . He is also called Japan's King Of Love Songs. 
John Hemphill (December 18, 1803 – January 4, 1862) was an American politician and jurist who served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Republic of Texas from 1841 to 1846 and of the Supreme Court of Texas until 1858, and a United States senator from Texas from 1859 to 1861. A member of the Democratic Party, he was one of the signatories of the Confederate States Constitution.
The Laban ng Demokratikong Pilipino  is a political party in the Philippines founded on September 16, 1988.
Montemaggiore Belsito  is a small town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy. It is located about southeast of Palermo, 
KARZ-TV, virtual channel 42 (UHF digital channel 28), is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station licensed to Little Rock, Arkansas, United States. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, as part of a duopoly with NBC affiliate KARK-TV (channel 4); Nexstar also operates Fox affiliate KLRT-TV (channel 16) and Pine Bluff-licensed CW affiliate KASN (channel 38) under joint sales and shared services agreements with owner Mission Broadcasting. 
Caraquet  is a town in Gloucester County, New Brunswick, Canada.
A central defender, Miyamoto went on to make 71 international appearances and led the Japan national team in the 2002 and 2006 World Cups as well as the 2004 Asian Cup. Miyamoto also captained Gamba Osaka during their 2005 J1 League championship season.
Universiti Malaysia Pahang   is a public technical university in Pahang, Malaysia. It was formerly known as Kolej Universiti Kejuruteraan dan Teknologi Malaysia  .
Johann (30 June 1468 – 16 August 1532), known as Johann the Steadfast or Johann the Constant , was Elector of Saxony from 1525 until 1532 from the House of Wettin.
Saffloz is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Saint-Pierre is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Uxelles is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Villeneuve-sous-Pymont is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Bahus-Soubiran is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Bonnegarde is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Buanes is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Castel-Sarrazin is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Estigarde is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Herm is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Laluque is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.
Magescq is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.
Momuy is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France. The journalist and writer Pierre Veilletet (1943–2013) was born in Monuy.
Granges-le-Bourg is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Peyre is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Hurecourt is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Saint-Jean-de-Marsacq is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Saint-Yaguen is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Tosse is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Areines is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Billy is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Chaumont-sur-Tharonne is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Coulommiers-la-Tour is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Fontaines-en-Sologne is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Lassay-sur-Croisne is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
La Marolle-en-Sologne is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Mondoubleau is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Villers-sur-Port is a commune in the Haute-Saône "département" in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Neung-sur-Beuvron is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Pruniers-en-Sologne is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Saint-Hilaire-la-Gravelle is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Salbris is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Ternay is a commune of the Loir-et-Cher department in central France. It is mentioned by Gregory of Tours.
Villeherviers is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.
Arcinges is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
WFFM (105.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Ashburn, Georgia, United States, the station is currently owned by Plant Broadcasting, LLC.
Boisset-Saint-Priest is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Cellieu is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
La Chambonie is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Chirassimont is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Cuinzier is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Denis-de-Cabanne is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Essertines-en-Donzy is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Germain-la-Montagne is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Just-en-Chevalet is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Polgues is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Sauvain is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Viricelles is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Marclopt is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Christo-en-Jarez is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Saint-Thomas-la-Garde is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Verges is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Renaison is a commune in the Loire department of central France.
La Versanne is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Notre-Dame-des-Landes is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France, around 20 km north-west of Nantes.
Saint-Lumine-de-Coutais is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Campbon is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Soulvache is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Herbignac is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Crossac is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
La Meilleraye-de-Bretagne is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Treffieux is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Saint-Joachim is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France. It is in the centre of the Brière marsh, and comprises a group of "islands" within the marsh.
La Grigonnais is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Les Touches is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.
Chapelon is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Auxy is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Baccon is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Boiscommun is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Charsonville is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
La Chapelle-Onzerain is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Rouvres-Saint-Jean is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Erceville is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Ervauville is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Villevoques is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Gondreville is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France, located 110 kilometres from Paris. Its population as of 2006 was 371.
Thorailles is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France. It is around 12 km east of Montargis and 100 km south of the centre of Paris.
Pannes is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
WIFO-FM (105.5 FM) is Jesup's FM heritage station, broadcasting a wide variety of programming, including mornings with Butch Hubbard, Local News with Bob Morgan, Local Sports; The only FM Atlanta Braves affiliate for Baxley, Hinesville, Jesup, Waycross, Brunswick, and Camden County; Since 1971 the oldest continuous FM Braves Affiliate. WIFO also covers professional and college sports, as well as country music and the True Oldies Channel weekends. Licensed to Jesup, Georgia, United States; The station is currently owned by Jesup Broadcasting Corp.
Poilly-lez-Gien is a commune in the Loiret department, located in north-central France.
Villereau, Loiret is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Le Moulinet-sur-Solin is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Le Bastit is a commune in the Lot department in southwestern France.
Cadrieu is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France. It is around 25 km east of Cahors.
Saint-Chamarand is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Carlucet is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Catus  is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Lamagdelaine is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Couzou  is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Yolande of Dreux (1212–1248) was Duchess of Burgundy as the first wife of Hugh IV of Burgundy (duke of Burgundy between 1218 and 1271). 
Labathude is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Promilhanes is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Saint-Simon is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Gruny is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Bouchemaine is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
La Chapelle-Saint-Laud is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department of western France.
Grez-Neuville is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
Le Plessis-Grammoire is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
Seiches-sur-le-Loir is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France. It is around 20 km north-east of Angers.
Sainte-Gemmes-sur-Loire is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
The Trigo Mountains are a north-south trending mountain range in La Paz County, Arizona, bordering the Colorado River on the east in the Lower Colorado River Valley. The range lies north of the Colorado River as it turns east, north of Martinez Lake and the Imperial Reservoir. The Trigo Mountains are on a north-south stretch of the Colorado River, and form the eastern perimeter of the Imperial National Wildlife Refuge.
Gorenflos is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Moissac-Bellevue is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Vins-sur-Caramy is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Camps-la-Source is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Saint-Mandrier-sur-Mer is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Bauduen is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Villiers-sous-Mortagne is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Bazoches-au-Houlme is a commune in the Orne department in northwestern France.
Neuville-sur-Touques is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Sainte-Gauburge-Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saint-Germain-de-la-Coudre is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saint-Hilaire-de-Briouze is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Saint-Ouen-sur-Iton is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Laleu is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.
Gatteville-le-Phare is a commune in the Manche department in north-western France.
Neuville-au-Plain is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Saint-Floxel is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Saussemesnil or Sauxemesnil or Sauxemesnil-Ruffosses is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Saint-Malo-de-la-Lande is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Savigny-le-Vieux is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
South Durras is a small village on the South Coast of New South Wales, Australia. South Durras is located approximately 280 kilometres south of Sydney and 15 kilometres north of Batemans Bay, in the local government area of Eurobodalla Shire. The village is surrounded by the Murramarang National Park.
Grandcourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Fargues is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The Southwestern Statistical Region  is one of eight statistical regions of North Macedonia. Southwestern, located in the west and southwestern part of the country, borders Albania to the west. Internally, it borders the Pelagonia, Polog, Skopje, and Vardar statistical regions.
WRSB (1590 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish tropical format to the Brockport, New York, United States area. The station is currently owned by Brian McGlynn, through licensee Genesee Media Corporation, and is operated by William Santiago through his company Uno Communications.
The Mushawe River  is a right-bank tributary of the Mwenezi River in Zimbabwe. It rises in the Nemande mountain area and flows through the Maranda area to join the Mwenezi River downstream of Manyuchi Dam, Mwenezi District.
Moldova-Film  is a Moldovan film studio and production company founded in 1952 in the Moldavian SSR.
Lieusaint is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Le Mesnil-Garnier is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Moon-sur-Elle is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Nouainville is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Pirou is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France. It is around 50 km south of Cherbourg and 90 km west of Caen. 
Saint-Cyr is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Saint-Germain-le-Gaillard is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Sortosville-en-Beaumont is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Tollevast is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Ver is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Hangest-en-Santerre is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Argers is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
WCHN (970 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Sports format. Licensed to Norwich, New York, United States, the station is currently owned by Townsquare Media. It has local programming from 6am to 10am weekdays followed by Fox Sports Radio.
WKXZ (93.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Top-40 format. Licensed to Norwich, New York, United States, the station is owned by Townsquare Media.
WSUC-FM (90.5 FM) is a college radio station broadcasting a variety format from the State University of New York at Cortland . The station is owned and licensed by the State University of New York at Cortland in Cortland, New York, United States.
SandRidge Energy, Inc. is a petroleum and natural gas exploration and production company organized in Delaware and headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The Selle  is a river of Picardy, France. Rising at Catheux, just north of Crèvecœur-le-Grand, Oise, it flows past Conty, Saleux, Salouël and Pont-de-Metz before joining the Somme River at Amiens.
Courbouzon is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Zhao Xiaoding  is a Chinese photographer and cinematographer. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for his work in the film "House of Flying Daggers" (2004).
Saint-Appolinard is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Bassu is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
Bethon is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
Boursault is a commune of the Marne department in northeastern France.
Brugny-Vaudancourt is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
Chamery is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Chapelaine is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
La Cheppe is a commune in the Marne department in the Grand Est region in north-eastern France.
Samuel Karlin (June 8, 1924 – December 18, 2007) was an American mathematician at Stanford University in the late 20th century.
Corrobert is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Cramant is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Dompremy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Florente-en-Argonne is a commune in the longitudinal valley of the Biesme, in the Marne department of north-eastern France.
Germinon is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Hauteville is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Isse is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Lavannes is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Mardeuil is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Matignicourt-Goncourt is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Monthelon is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Moussy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Oiry is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Pierry is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Prouilly is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Saint-Germain-la-Ville is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Saint-Loup is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Saint-Quentin-sur-Coole is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Sermaize-les-Bains is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Songy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Tinqueux is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France. Tinqueux is twinned with Myślenice, Poland
Vandeuil is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Verzy is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Villers-Allerand is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Vindey is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
La Chapelle-Rainsouin is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
Pradines is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Sauzet is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.
Dieulouard  is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France. Dieulouard is located between Pont-à-Mousson and Nancy, on the left bank of the Moselle River. It is the location of the Gallo-Roman city of Scarpone.
Lanfroicourt is accessible from Nancy with the number R360.
The river Madon flows through the commune.
Vigneulles is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle "département" in north-eastern France.
It hosts the Meuse/Haute Marne Underground Research Laboratory for radioactive waste storage. Its population as of 2009 is 94.
Naix-aux-Forges is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Rembercourt-Sommaisne is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Taillancourt is located in south-eastern department of Meuse. Bordering the Vosges and the south of the Meurthe and Moselle in the east, its axis the Meuse Valley. 
Bambiderstroff  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Bidestroff  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Coume  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Fixem  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Goetzenbruck or Gœtzenbruck  is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.
Han-sur-Nied  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Henridorff  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Juville  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Cone Islet is a small granite island, with an area of 4.82 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of Tasmania’s Curtis Group, lying in northern Bass Strait between the Furneaux Group and Wilsons Promontory in Victoria.
Devils Tower comprises two small and rugged granite islands, with a combined area of , in south-eastern Australia. It is part of Tasmania’s Curtis Group, lying in northern Bass Strait between the Furneaux Group and Wilsons Promontory in Victoria. 
Louvigny  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
La Maxe  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Mondelange  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Bonnard is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Moyeuvre-Grande  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Nilvange  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Oriocourt  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Courtois-sur-Yonne is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Postroff  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Lasserre is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Saint-Sixte  is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Bias is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Saint-Sardos is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
Saint-Martin-du-Fouilloux is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
Girolles is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Joux-la-Ville is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Lasson is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Rodalbe (1801 and ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Saint-Louis  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Subligny is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
It is 7 km remote from to the border to Luxembourg.
Alligny-Cosne is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Caurel is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Azy-le-Vif is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Paroy-en-Othe is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Le Buisson is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.
Romain is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
Bannes is a commune in the Mayenne department in northwestern France.
Cercy-la-Tour is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Chaulgnes is a commune in the Nièvre department and Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.
Corbigny is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Dun-sur-Grandry is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Batilly is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.
Isenay is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Lurcy-le-Bourg is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Mesves-sur-Loire is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Moulins-Engilbert is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Ouroux-en-Morvan is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France. Since 1 January 2008, Ouroux is officially the centre of the Eurozone.
Rouy is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Coudrecieux is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Doucelles is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Le Lude is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in northwestern France. On 1 January 2018, the former commune of Dissé-sous-le-Lude was merged into Le Lude.
Rouillon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.
Major "Mule" Holley (July 10, 1924 in Detroit, Michigan – October 25, 1990 in Maplewood, New Jersey) was an American jazz upright bassist.
Saint-Priest-Bramefant is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Montanay is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.
Claveisolles is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Lentilly is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Irigny is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France. The residents are called "Irignois".
Haraiki is a small atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia. It is located 42 km southwest of Marutea Nord.
Givrand is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Tauere Atoll or Taouere, also known as Te Putua, is a small atoll of the central Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia. It is located northwest of Hao Atoll's westernmost point.
Les Sauvages is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Avernes is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France. On 1 January 2018, the former commune of Gadancourt was merged into Avernes.
Butry-sur-Oise is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
M.A.T.E.R.  was an Italian association football club located in Rome. It was dissolved in 1945 for lack of funds. 
Jagny-sous-Bois is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department and Île-de-France region of France.
Vernaison is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.
Holland-on-Sea is a seaside town in east Essex in England. Located south of the little village of Great Holland and directly north of Clacton-on-Sea, it has bus links to Walton-on-the-Naze and Clacton-on-Sea. 
La Bauche is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Canteleu is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Conjux is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France. Since January 2017, the commune has formed part of the conurbation of , following the fusion of the former into this larger agglomeration. 
Fourneaux  is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Saint-Cyr-en-Arthies is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Villargondran is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Vallangoujard is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Saint-Sulpice is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Verrens-Arvey is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Aubermesnil-Beaumais is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Berville-en-Caux (before 2017: "Berville") is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Butot is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Colmesnil-Manneville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Freneuse is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Martigny is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Rolleville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Sotteville-sous-le-Val is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Fongueusemare is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Fresnoy-Folny is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Gonnetot is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France. Residents are referred to as 'Gonnetotais'.
Gruchet-le-Valasse is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department of the Normandy region in northern France.
Les Ifs is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Louvetot is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Mauny is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Le Tilleul is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Trouville  is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Sainte-Colombe is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Lesquerde is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Sommery is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Codalet is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Montreuil-en-Caux is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Brouilla  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Richemont is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Froidfond is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Izeste is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department and Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Laroin is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Lourenties is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Barinque is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Bielle is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Burosse-Mendousse is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Cette-Eygun is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Escou is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Igon is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Montardon is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Ossenx is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
The commune is bordered by Higuères-Souye, Gabaston, Maucor, Bernadets and Morlaàs .
Moncrabeau is located on the Petite Baïse river, close to the D930. 
Vianne  is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Broze is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
The river Gijou forms part of the commune's north-eastern border, then flows northwestward through the northern part of the commune.
Massaguel is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Montpinier is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Rayssac is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Valdurenque is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Parvillers-le-Quesnoy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Longavesnes is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Hondeklip Bay  is a coastal village in the Namakwa district of the Northern Cape province of South Africa. It lies about 95 km south west of the district capital Springbok.
Vahitahi, or "Vaitake", is an atoll in the eastern area of the Tuamotu Archipelago, French Polynesia. Vahitahi's nearest neighbour is Akiaki, which is located to the northwest.
Saint-Germain-sur-Bresle is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Senlis-le-Sec is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Mareuil-Caubert is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Mesnil-Domqueur is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Monchy-Lagache is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Muille-Villette is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Nurlu is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Vadencourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Vignacourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Pierregot  is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Pernois is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Vismes is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Seux is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Moyenneville  is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Quevauvillers is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Rivery is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Tully is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Le Quesne is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Ravahere is an atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia. It is located 53 km northwest of Nengonengo Atoll and it is separated by a 2 km sound from Marokau Atoll, its closest neighbor to the north.
Annemarie Renger , (7 October 1919 in Leipzig – 3 March 2008 in Remagen-Oberwinter), was a German politician for the "Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands" .
The Blackwater River is a saltwater river in Dorchester County, Maryland. It has many twists and bends and flows through Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge. 
The Middle Fork of the Salmon River is a river in central Idaho in the northwestern United States. The Middle Fork is a tributary to the Salmon River, and it lies in the center of the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness Area. 
Henry George "Gino" Watkins FRGS (29 January 1907 – c. 20 August 1932) was a British Arctic explorer and nephew of Bolton Eyres-Monsell, 1st Viscount Monsell.
International Surrey Company Ltd., also called "The Surrey Company", is a quadracycle manufacturer based in La Marque, Texas, United States. The company began production in the mid-1980s and specializes in providing products for the quadracycle rental market.
David Spinozza is an American guitarist and producer. He worked with former Beatles Paul McCartney and John Lennon during the 1970s, and had a long collaboration with singer-songwriter James Taylor, producing Taylor's album "Walking Man".
Overbrook Entertainment is an American film studio and record label based in Culver City, California. It was founded by partners Will Smith and James Lassiter in 1997, around the same time production for "Wild Wild West" (1999) was underway. 
Charles Emmanuel, Landgrave of Hesse-Rotenburg (Karl Emanuel; 5 June 1746 – 23 March 1812) was landgrave of Hessen-Rotenburg between 1778 and 1812. He was named after his uncle Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia, husband of his aunt Polyxena of Hesse-Rotenburg.
The 1912 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 5, 1912 to select seven Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. Six incumbents were re-elected, but J. Edwin Ellerbe of the 6th congressional district was defeated in the Democratic primary. 
Barry Madlener (born 6 January 1969) is a Dutch politician of the Party for Freedom . He was the Parliamentary leader of the Party for Freedom in the European Parliament from July 14, 2009 to September 20, 2012. He was a member of the Netherlands House of Representatives from November 30, 2006 until July 14, 2009 and has been again an MP since September 20, 2012.
KDAT-FM (104.5 FM, "104-5 KDAT") is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary music format. Licensed to Cedar Rapids, Iowa, United States, the station serves the Cedar Rapids area. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
Meuccio Ruini (14 December 1877 – 6 March 1970) was an Italian politician.
The Stour Valley Railway is a partially closed railway line that ran between , near Cambridge and in Essex, England. The line opened in sections between 1849 and 1865. 
The Republican Party of Australia is a minor Australian political party dedicated to ending the country's links with the United Kingdom and establishing a republic. It was formed in 1982, and has been registered several times since then.
The Great Dog Island, also known as Big Dog Island, and part of the Great Dog Group within the Furneaux Group, is a granite island, located in Bass Strait, lying south of the Flinders Island and north of the Cape Barren Island, in Tasmania, in south-eastern Australia.
Paola Cardullo (born 18 March 1982 in Omegna) is a volleyball player from Italy, who was a member of the Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 2007 European Championship in Belgium and Luxembourg. There she was named "Best Libero" of the tournament.
Torcy-le-Petit is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Grazac is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Ribeaucourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Montfa is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
The College of West Anglia  is a four-campus college of further and higher education in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire, England. The college has three campuses, located in King's Lynn, Wisbech and a landbased provision in Cambridge, with over 10,000 students and 800 staff.
The Liberal Party was a political party in New Zealand which promoted social liberalism. It was founded on 10 March 2008.
Kerben  is a town in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan. Its population was 14,141 in 2009. It is the administrative centre of Aksy District.
Malcolm Carnegie McKenna (1930–2008) was an American paleontologist and author on the subject.
The Du Cane Range is a mountain range in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.
Mihai Ghimpu (born 19 November 1951) is a Moldovan politician who served as Speaker of Parliament and Acting President of Moldova from 2009 to 2010. He was member of Parliament of Moldova from 1990 to 1998 and from 2009 to 2019. Ghimpu held the position of leader of Liberal Party from 1998 to 2018.
The State University of Ponta Grossa  is one of the five state universities in Paraná, Brazil. The institution has two campuses in Ponta Grossa city as well as a college ground in each of the following cities: Telêmaco Borba, Palmeira, Castro, São Mateus do Sul e Jaguariaíva.
Ajalvir  is a town and municipality in the Autonomous Community of Madrid in central Spain, located north-east of Madrid and from Alcalá de Henares. It is located in the comarca of Alcalá.
Pokrov  is a town in Petushinsky District of Vladimir Oblast, Russia, located to the north of the left bank of the Klyazma River , west of Vladimir, the administrative center of the oblast, and east of Moscow. Population: 2,925 (1897).
Sepahan Novin Football Club  is an Iranian professional football team based in Esfahan, Iran. They are the reserve team of Sepahan F.C. and currently compete in the 2011–12 Iran Football's 3rd Division.
The Shuswap Country, or simply the Shuswap  is a term used in the Canadian province of British Columbia to refer to the environs of Shuswap Lake. The upper reaches of the Shuswap basin, southeast of Shuswap Lake and northeast of the Okanagan, are generally considered to be part of Okanagan or of the Monashee Country rather than "the Shuswap". 
CHLB-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music format at 95.5 FM in Lethbridge, Alberta. CHLB-FM is currently owned by the Jim Pattison Group.
CJPR-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music format at 94.9 FM under its on-air branding as "Real Country 94.9" in Blairmore, Alberta. The station was owned & operated by Newcap Radio until they were bought out by Stingray Digital.
CKSQ-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a country music format at 93.3 FM in Stettler, Alberta. The station is branded on-air as Real Country 93.3 and was owned by Newcap Radio until they were bought out by Stingray Digital.
Pego  is a municipality located in the province of Alicante, Spain.
KHBR (1560 AM) is an American radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Hillsboro, Texas, the station broadcasts to the greater Waco, Texas, area. The station is currently owned by KHBR Radio, Inc.
CKMH-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an active rock format at 105.3 FM in Medicine Hat, Alberta. The station is branded as 105.3 Rock and is currently owned by Rogers Communications.
Rijk de Gooyer (17 December 1925 – 2 November 2011) was a Dutch Golden Calf- winning actor, writer, comedian and singer. From the 1950s until the early 1970s, he became well known in The Netherlands as part of a comic duo with John Kraaijkamp, Sr. In the United States best known for having small roles in films such as "", "Soldaat van Oranje", "A Time to Die" and "The Wilby Conspiracy".
Coronel Felipe Varela International Airport  is an airport in Catamarca Province, Argentina serving the city of San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca.
General Enrique Mosconi International Airport  is an international airport in the Chubut Province, Argentina serving Comodoro Rivadavia. The airfield is located north of the city, covers an area of , and has a terminal. 
Peter James Tolan III (born July 5, 1958) is an American television producer, director, and screenwriter.
The Cornish Sharks are an amateur American Football team currently competing in National South Division of the BAFA National Leagues . They play their home games at the Treviglas Sports Hub, Newquay, Cornwall. 
Ajinomoto Field Nishigaoka , originally called Nishigaoka Soccer Stadium , is a football stadium in Kita, Tokyo. It was renamed on 1 May 2012 after the naming rights by Ajinomoto expired after five years.
CKQR-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a classic rock format at 99.3 FM in Castlegar, British Columbia. The station was branded as "Mountain FM" and it is now called The GOAT and it is owned by the Vista Broadcast Group.
CFTK is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts an Adult contemporary format at 590 AM in Terrace, British Columbia. The station is branded as EZ Rock. The station is owned by Bell Media.
WYEL (600 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish language talk radio format, repeating San Juan station WKAQ AM. It is licensed to Mayagüez, Puerto Rico, United States, and is owned by Univision Radio.
Kim Dong-hyun (; born November 17, 1981), anglicized as Dong Hyun Kim, is a South Korean mixed martial artist currently fighting in the UFC's welterweight division. He was signed by the UFC after fighting in the Japanese promotion DEEP and in the South Korean promotion Spirit MC. 
WDEP (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Ponce, Puerto Rico, the station serves the Puerto Rico area. 
KZMY (103.5 FM, "My 103.5") is a radio station licensed to serve Bozeman, Montana. The station is owned by Townsquare Media, licensed to Townsquare Media Bozeman License, LLC. It airs a Hot Adult Contemporary music format.
Taden  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Student housing at University of Florida is governed by the Division of Student Affairs, and provides housing for undergraduate, graduate, and professional students on and off-campus.
House of Hardcore  is an American wrestling promotion founded by professional wrestler Tommy Dreamer. Its slogan is "No Politics, No BS, Just Wrestling." 
The Bolska is a river in Slovenia. It is long. It is a right tributary of the Savinja.
Sete Cidades National Park  is a national park in the state of Piauí, Brazil.
Mischief Reef  is a reef/atoll surrounding a large lagoon in the SE of Dangerous Ground in the east of the Spratly Islands in the South China Sea. It is located west of Palawan Island of the Philippines. 
Marcelo Alejandro Estigarribia Balmori (born 21 September 1987) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a left winger for Club Atlético Colón on loan from Deportivo Maldonado.
Ingenio Quisqueya Airport is located in Quisqueya, San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic. Another runway in San Pedro, it is utilized for private and sport aviation.
Sos is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.
KQED is a public media outlet based in San Francisco, California, which operates the radio station KQED and the television stations KQED/KQET and KQEH.
George Vincent Gilligan Jr. (born February 10, 1967) is an American writer, producer, and director. He is known for his television work, specifically as creator, head writer, executive producer, and director of "Breaking Bad" and its spin-off "Better Call Saul". He was a writer and producer for "The X-Files" and was the co-creator of its spin-off "The Lone Gunmen".
Global Ties U.S., formerly known as the National Council for International Visitors , is a non-partisan, 501(3) non-profit organization established in 1961 to promote excellence in citizen diplomacy. It is based in Washington, D.C., in the United States.
The 1902 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 4, 1902 to select seven Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. Four incumbents were re-elected and the three open seats were retained by the Democrats. The composition of the state delegation after the election was solely Democratic.
Decrepit Birth is an American technical death metal band from Santa Cruz, California. They have released two studio albums through Unique Leader Records and two through Nuclear Blast, and a demo independently. 
Eincheville  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Cocheren  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Rochonvillers  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Saulny  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Messia-sur-Sorne is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Southeastern Community College is a public community college with its main campus between Chadbourn and Whiteville, North Carolina. It was founded in 1964 and is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award certificates, diplomas, and associate degrees.
Formerly known as Noyon-sur-Andelle, it was renamed Charleval in honour of King Charles IX.
La Haye-Malherbe is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
Pinterville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Surville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Monnet-la-Ville is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Montmorot is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France. It is a western suburb of Lons-le-Saunier.
Chartainvilliers is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department and Centre-Val de Loire region of north-central France. It lies 12 km north-north-east of Chartres and some 70 km south-west of Paris. 
Jumelles is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Francesca Lo Schiavo (; born 11 January 1948) is an Italian set decorator.
Rodulf of Ivry  (died c. 1015) was a Norman noble, and regent of Normandy during the minority of Richard II.
KKTX-FM is a Classic Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Kilgore, Texas, serving the Longview/Marshall/Tyler area. KKTX-FM is owned and operated by Townsquare Media. 
Malden Rushett is a small village in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames, London. It is located at the southernmost tip of the Royal Borough, surrounded by woodland and farmland, and between the larger suburban villages and towns of Claygate, Chessington, Epsom, Ashtead, Leatherhead and Oxshott. 
RWJ Airpark is a public-use airport located in Beach City, Chambers County, Texas, United States, seven miles (11 km) east of the central business district of Baytown. It is privately owned by the R. W. Johnson Const. 
Ronald Buchanan McCallum (28 August 1898 in Paisley, Renfrewshire – 18 May 1973 in Letcombe Regis, Berkshire) was a British historian. He was a fellow  of Pembroke College, Oxford, where he taught modern history and politics and was a member of J. R. R. Tolkien's "Inklings". 
Saint-Bomer is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Aignan  is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Forceville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The Auzoue flows north-northwest through the western part of the commune, then forms part of its western border.
Masseube  is a commune in the Gers department in the Occitanie region in southwestern France.
Pavie is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Tala is a town in the north of the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay. 
Saint-Mont is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Froyelles is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Bommes is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
The Dropt flows into the Garonne in Caudrot.
Saint-Justin is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Omet is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Sainte-Terre  is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Bettendorf is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Herbert Felix (1908–1973) was a Swedish entrepreneur of Austrian-Jewish descent and the founder of the food companies AB Felix and Felix Austria.
Coutures is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Montagne is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Sainte-Eulalie is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Robert Pache (26 September 1897 – 31 December 1974) was a Swiss footballer. He competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Rodolfo Orlandini (January 1, 1905 – December 24, 1990) was an Argentine football  midfielder who played for the Argentina national team between 1927 and 1930.
WURY-LP (97.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Phenix City, Alabama. The station is owned by Talkfaith Radio. 
Ellyse Alexandra Perry (born 3 November 1990) is an Australian sportswoman who made her debut for both the Australian cricket and the Australian women's national soccer team at the age of 16. She played her first cricket international in July 2007 before earning her first soccer cap for Australia a month later. 
Buschwiller  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Fellering is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Geishouse  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Heiteren is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Illfurth is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Kruth  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Liebenswiller  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France. It is located close to the border with Switzerland, near the Swiss village of Rodersdorf.
Oberbruck is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Retzwiller  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Schlierbach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Sundhoffen  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Volgelsheim  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. The population in 2007 was 2,322.
Wildenstein is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Antisanti  is a commune in the Haute-Corse  department of France on the island of Corsica.
Moncale  is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Poggio-Mezzana is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
The municipality is part of the canton of Calenzana. Its area is 1401ha which includes 700ha of woods. 
The commune once had the headquarters of Air Méditerranée.
Communes of the Haute-Garonne department
Aillevans is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Miremont is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Arbecey is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Norma Editorial is a Spanish comics publisher, with its headquarters in Barcelona.
WORG (100.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Elloree, South Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Educational Media Foundation and features programming from AP Radio.
Nogaret is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Proupiary is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France. The remains of the Bonnefont Abbey are situated in the commune.
Villa Adelina is a city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. It is divided between the counties  of San Isidro and Vicente López and forms part of the urban conurbation of Greater Buenos Aires.
Merxheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Breuches is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Beaupuy is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Peseux is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Flourens is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Montlaur is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department of southwestern France.
Vauhini Studios is an Indian film production company, and one of the largest production houses in South Asia at that time. Vauhini Studios was founded by "Moola Narayana Swamy" an Indian film producer, known for his works in Telugu cinema, and Tamil cinema. 
Jussey is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France. The 18th-century French writer Pierre Légier (1734–1791) was born in the village.
Lyoffans is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Membrey is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Noroy-le-Bourg is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Romain is a commune in the Jura department in the region of Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Arlempdes  is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Barges is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Blanzac is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Cayres is a commune in the Haute-Loire department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of south-east central France.
Fourdrinoy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Chauvirey-le-Vieil is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Combeaufontaine is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Chassignolles is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Connangles is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Espalem is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Freycenet-la-Tour is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Cuve is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Le Mas-de-Tence is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Ouides is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Saint-Christophe-sur-Dolaison is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Saint-Ilpize is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Saint-Pal-de-Chalencon is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Saint-Vidal is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Valprivas is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
Anrosey is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in the Grand Est region in northeastern France.
Autreville-sur-la-Renne is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in the Grand Est region in northeastern France.
Luzy-sur-Marne is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Lavilleneuve is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Courcelles-sur-Blaise is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Belmont is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France.
Saint-Urbain-Maconcourt is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Bourdons-sur-Rognon is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France.
Brainville-sur-Meuse is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France.
Vaux-sur-Blaise is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Laneuvelle is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Voillecomte is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Cusey is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Donjeux is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Jonchery is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Velles is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Grenant is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Mathons is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Mouilleron is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Occey is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Le Pailly is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Allonzier-la-Caille is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Archamps is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Armoy is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
Beaumont is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Bonne is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department and Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
Franclens is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Burdignin is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Charvonnex is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Copponex is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Veigy-Foncenex is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Cordon is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Draillant is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Loisin is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Scionzier is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Vinzier is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Montriond is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Saint-Blaise is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Neuvic-Entier  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Saint-Amand-Magnazeix  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Arnac-la-Poste  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Saint-Yrieix-sous-Aixe  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Saint-Martin-le-Vieux  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Bujaleuf  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.
Saint-Priest-Taurion  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Jouac  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Magnac-Bourg  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Saint-Hilaire-la-Treille  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Glandon  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Marval  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Linards  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
Rancon  is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west-central France.
The 1996 South Carolina United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 5, 1996, to select six Representatives for two-year terms from the state of South Carolina. The primary elections for the Democrats and the Republicans were held on June 11. 
Plancher-les-Mines is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France. It is a small village close to the ski station at La Planche des Belles Filles. 
Barbazan-Dessus is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Arcizans-Avant is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Castelnau-Magnoac  is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Ayzac-Ost is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department of southwestern France.
Bareilles  is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Bertren is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Bouilh-Devant is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.
Saint-Pastous is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Campistrous is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Dours is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Grandchamp is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Sailly is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France.
Lescurry is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Nestier is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Oueilloux is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Sanous is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Sireix is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Troubat is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Joncels is a commune in the Hérault département in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Montouliers  is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Oupia is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Saint-Bauzille-de-la-Sylve is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Puimisson is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Saint-Chinian  is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France. The town was the birthplace of the great tenor Agustarello Affre (1858–1931). 
Beaulieu is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Selles-sur-Nahon is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Saint-Genou is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Pruniers is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Thizay is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Saint-Aigny is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Chalais is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Montgivray is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Mosnay is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Saint-Gilles is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Auzouer-en-Touraine is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Barrou is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Saint-Germain-sur-Vienne is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Villeperdue is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France. The Château de Boisbonnard is located in the commune.
Neuvy-le-Roi is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
La Chapelle-aux-Naux is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Saint-Flovier is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Chaveignes is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Couziers is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Chezelles is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Le Louroux is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Nouzilly is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Richelieu is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Charantonnay is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Chavanoz is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Saint-Just-Chaleyssin is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France. The main village is situated 16 km northeast of Vienne and 25 km south of Lyon.
Saint-Nazaire-les-Eymes is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Coublevie is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Saint-Pierre-de-Bressieux is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Domarin is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Montseveroux is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Saint-Alban-de-Roche is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Quet-en-Beaumont is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Villemoirieu is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Valencogne is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Jarrie is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Herbeys is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Moras is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Valencin is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
La Salle-en-Beaumont is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Rigny is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Apollo Korzeniowski (21 February 1820 – 23 May 1869) was a Polish poet, playwright, translator, clandestine political activist, and father of Polish-English novelist Joseph Conrad.
Sainte-Marie-en-Chaux is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Le Tremblois is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Framont is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Akvsent Guiorgadze (born 4 June 1976 in Kutaisi, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Georgian rugby union player. He plays as a hooker.
Vorey  is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France. Clémentine Solignac the Doyenne of France from the death of Marie-Simone Capony until her own in 2008, lived in a retirement center in Vorey.
WRCW, 1250 AM, is a Talk formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Warrenton, Virginia, serving Warrenton and Fauquier County, Virginia. The station power is 3,000 watts daytime, and 125 watts at night. 
Robert Lewandowski (; born 21 August 1988) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
Fakir Mohan University  is named after prominent Odia writer Fakir Mohan Senapati. The seat of the Vice-Chancellor is in the new campus located at Nuapadhi, Balasore, Odisha, India.
KNGA (90.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to St. Peter, Minnesota, serving the St. Peter, Mankato, New Ulm area. The station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio , and airs MPR's "News and Information" network, originating from KNOW in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
The Topa is a right tributary of the river Holod in Romania. It flows into the Holod near Rogoz.
Neufeld is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Karolinenkoog is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Barlt is a municipality in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Domme  is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. It is sometimes called the ""Akropolis des Périgord"".
Le Mesnil-le-Roi is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is about from Saint-Germain-en-Laye.
Tournehem-sur-la-Hem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Vaudricourt is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Brech  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Vieille-Chapelle is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
La Chapelle-Caro  is a former commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Val d'Oust.
Grabau is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Mustin is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Ziethen is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Damgan  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Pedro Cuatrecasas (born 27 September 1936) is an American biochemist and an Adjunct Professor of Pharmacology & Medicine at the University of California San Diego.
Nebel  is a municipality on the island of Amrum in the district of Nordfriesland in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Heringsdorf is a municipality in the district of Ostholstein, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Behlendorf is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Duvensee is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Hohenhorn is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Linau is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Schnakenbek is a municipality in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The River Mun or Mundesley Beck is a river in the north of the county of Norfolk, England. The source of the river can be found in the Parish of Northrepps. 
Gueltas  is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.
Bend Sinister is a progressive-indie band formed in 2001 now based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The band takes its name from a novel by Vladimir Nabokov.
Broad Green is a small residential and retail area between Croydon and Thornton Heath in the London Borough of Croydon. The area was centred on a triangular green space bounded by shops and houses, which was developed at the end of the 19th century. 
Bordelum  is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Garding, Kirchspiel is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Kolkerheide  is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Oevenum  is a municipality on the island of Föhr, in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Schwesing  is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Vollerwiek  is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Morecambe  is a coastal town on Morecambe Bay in Lancashire, England, which had a population of 34,768 at the 2011 Census.
Barbuda Codrington Airport is a public airport serving the village of Codrington, on the island of Barbuda. It has a very short runway.
Brandon Timothy Jackson (born March 7, 1984) is an American stand-up comedian, rapper, actor, and writer. He is known for his roles in the films "Roll Bounce" (2005), "Tropic Thunder" (2008), "" (2010), "Lottery Ticket" (2010), "" (2011), and "" (2013).
The National Football Association of Brunei Darussalam used to enter a team in Malaysian football competitions. The team won the Malaysia Cup in 1999.
Fahren is a municipality in the district of Plön, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Inzinzac-Lochrist  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Bargstedt is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Loop is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Rickert is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The Poarta is a right tributary of the river Turcu in Romania. Its source is in the Bucegi Mountains. It flows into the Turcu in Bran.
Osterby  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The French Socialist Party  was a socialist political party founded in 1902.
Lauzach  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Christiansholm is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Goosefeld  is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Krogaspe is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Krogaspe is located north west of Neumünster close to Autobahn A7 and county highway 205 to Rendsburg. 
Nienborstel is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Remmels is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany of about 3.66 square miles with a population of 430 as of 12/31/2013.
Tackesdorf is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
The French University of Egypt  is a non-profit private university, established in 2002 at Cairo in El-Sherouk city. 
The Independent Party  is a classical liberal and anti-elitist political party in Denmark. It was formed in 1953 as a breakaway party from Venstre as a protest against the established centre-right parties' cooperation with the Social Democrats. 
Borgwedel  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Janneby is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Lottorf  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Niesgrau  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, northern Germany near the Danish border.
Schnarup-Thumby  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Twedt  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Breitenberg is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Oldendorf is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Lizio  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Lion-en-Sullias is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
The Greece national under-19 football team is the national football team of Greece and is controlled by the Hellenic Football Federation. In July 2007 the Under-20/19 Football Team finished second in the 2007 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship in Linz, Austria. They also reached the final of the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship.
Malestroit  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Monterblanc  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Romanos is a small municipality in Campo de Daroca, in Aragón. It was an important town during the War of the Two Peters, and has many historic sites, such as castles and churches, some of which are part of the 156 monuments that the Government of Aragon presented to UNESCO for the declaration of the sites as historic protected sites. 
ABC Radio Canberra (call sign: 2CN) is an ABC Local Radio station based in Canberra and broadcasting to the Australian Capital Territory as well as surrounding areas in New South Wales – this includes the cities and towns of Queanbeyan, Yass, and Bungendore.
Pleugriffet  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
His Excellency Commanding General Shree Shree Shree Maharaja Sir Ranaudip Singh Bahadur Ranaji , KCSI (3 April 1825 – 22 November 1885), commonly known as Ranodip Singh Kunwar  was the second Prime Minister of Nepal from the Rana dynasty.
Plumergat  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Quistinic  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
KTLI 99.1 FM is a radio station in Wichita, Kansas, and licensed to El Dorado, Kansas. The station airs the K-LOVE Contemporary Christian programming from The Educational Media Foundation. El Dorado Licenses is a wholly owned subsidiary of EMF.
Thoiras is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Saint-Bonnet-de-Salendrinque  is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Mons is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Saint-Siffret is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
London Stock Exchange Group plc is a British-based stock exchange and financial information company. It is headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It owns London Stock Exchange, Borsa Italiana, MillenniumIT, Russell Indexes, FTSE International, and majority stakes in LCH and MTS.
Brokdorf is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Kaaks is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Saint-Jean-du-Pin is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Moorhusen is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
ABC Radio and Regional Content is the division of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation responsible for radio output and regional content.
Rochegude is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Barjac is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Chars is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France. It is located in the .
Cardroc  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Bourg-des-Comptes  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Bain-de-Bretagne  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
The Sarmatic mixed forests constitute an ecoregion within the Temperate broadleaf and mixed forests Biome, according to the World Wide Fund for Nature classification (ecoregion PA0436).
Perico is a municipality and town in the Matanzas Province of Cuba. It is located south of Marti, north of Colón and east of Jovellanos.
James Winslow (born 16 April 1983) is a British professional racing driver. He is the winner of seven motorsport championships and is currently the FRD LMP3 Champion and competes in the Le Mans 24 hours, European Le Mans series and Asian Le Mans Series.
Nueva Paz  is a municipality and town in the Mayabeque Province of Cuba.
The Central Florida Zoo & Botanical Gardens is a zoo and botanical garden located north of Orlando, Florida at the intersection of I-4 and Hwy 17-92 near the city of Sanford.
Manicaragua  is a municipality and mountain town in the Villa Clara Province of Cuba. It is located in the Escambray Mountains at the southern part of Villa Clara, bordering the provinces of Cienfuegos to the west and Sancti Spíritus to the east.
The Camp of the Fatherland  is a political party in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The party won 8 out of 500 seats in the parliamentary elections. 
Schwarzbach is a municipality in the district of Greiz, in Thuringia, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Münchenbernsdorf.
Bae Soo-bin (born Yoon Tae-wook on December 9, 1976), is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his roles in the television dramas "Brilliant Legacy", "Temptation of an Angel", "49 Days", and "Dong Yi". He also starred in the films "Girlfriends", "The Way - Man of the White Porcelain", "26 Years", and "Mai Ratima".
The Poneasca is a left tributary of the river Miniș in Romania. It discharges into the Miniș near the village Poneasca.
International Baptist College and Seminary is an Independent Fundamental Baptist Bible college and Seminary in Chandler, Arizona, offering graduate and undergraduate degrees in pastoral ministry, missions, music ministry and Christian education. IBCS is a ministry of Tri-City Baptist Church.
Yateras is a municipality in the Guantánamo Province of Cuba. The municipal seat is located in the town of Palenque, in the northern part of the province. Alejandro de Humboldt National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site is partly located in this municipality.
Born Ruffians are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2004, originally from Midland, Ontario, located near Georgian Bay. They are currently signed to Yep Roc Records and Paper Bag Records. 
Gavrinis  is a small island, situated in the Gulf of Morbihan in Brittany, France. It contains the Gavrinis tomb, a megalithic monument notable for its abundance of megalithic art in the European Neolithic. 
Majibacoa is a municipality and town in the Las Tunas Province of Cuba. The municipal seat is located in the town of Calixto, immediately east of Las Tunas, the provincial capital.
La Vraie-Croix  is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France. Its inhabitants are called Langroëziens after the Breton name for the commune.
WGPC (branded as "1450 The Fan") was a radio station serving Albany, Georgia, United States and surrounding cities with sports radio programming from CBS Sports Radio. This station broadcast on AM frequency 1450 kHz and was under ownership of Cumulus Media.
Allassac  is a commune in the Corrèze department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of central France.
City Express , also known as Air Atonabee Ltd., was an airline based in Ontario, Canada, from 1971 to 1991, which operated passenger services in eastern Canada and the northeastern United States.
WQVE (101.7 FM, "V 101.7") is a radio station serving Albany, Georgia, United States, and surrounding cities with an urban adult contemporary music format. This station is under ownership of Cumulus Media and the broadcast license is held by Cumulus Licensing, LLC.
Ayn is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Albiez-le-Jeune is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
Saint-Jean-la-Poterie  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
Saint-Pierre-Quiberon  is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.
The Socialist Democratic Unionist Party   is an Arab nationalist political party in Mauritania. As of 2013, the party is led by Mahfouz Weld al-Aziz.
Le Vauclin is a town and commune in the French overseas department of Martinique.
The Firnley Islands  is a group of three small islands covered with tundra vegetation and with scattered stones on their shores. They lie in the Kara Sea, close to the bleak coast of Siberia's Taymyr Peninsula, not far east of the Nordenskjold Archipelago. 
The Italian Socialist Party  is a social-democratic political party in Italy.
Eduard "Ede" Geyer (born 7 October 1944) is a German football manager and former player. He has had a long and varied career, particularly notable for being the last manager of the East German national team.
WCQR-FM (88.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian Contemporary music format. Licensed to Kingsport, Tennessee, United States, it serves the Tri-Cities area. 
Natalie Rose Gauci (born 26 November 1981) is an Australian musician, producer and teacher. Gauci undertook music tuition at the Victorian College of the Arts, formed her own band that played gigs in Melbourne, while also working as a music teacher. 
WTTX-FM (107.1 FM) is a Southern Gospel formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Appomattox, Virginia, serving Appomattox and Appomattox County, Virginia. WTTX-FM is owned and operated by Baker Family Stations. 
Mertendorf is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Tissa is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia,in eastern part of Germany.
The Chiua is a left tributary of the river Șușița in Romania. It starts at the confluence of headwaters "Chiua Mare" and "Chiua Mică". It discharges into the Șușița near Dragosloveni.
WGTI (97.7 FM) is an Air 1-affiliated radio station broadcasting a Worship Music format. Licensed to Winfall, North Carolina, United States, it serves the Elizabeth City-Nags Head area as well as the Hampton Roads area. 
Golmsdorf is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Rothenstein is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.
Burgk is a municipality in the district Saale-Orla-Kreis, in Thuringia, Germany.
WMXP-LP is a low-powered FM community radio station located in  Greenville, South Carolina. The station broadcasts on 95.5 FM with an ERP of 100 watts.
Archduke Joseph Karl of Austria (, ; 2 March 1833 in Pressburg – 13 June 1905 in Fiume) was a member of the Habsburg dynasty. He was the second son of Archduke Joseph, Palatine of Hungary (7th son of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor) and Duchess Maria Dorothea of Württemberg.
WKSM (branded as "99 ROCK") is a radio station serving the Fort Walton Beach, Florida area with an Active Rock format. This station broadcasts on FM frequency 99.5 MHz and is under ownership of Cumulus Media.
Kurt Schwaen (June 21, 1909 in Katowice – October 9, 2007 in Berlin) was a German composer.
Bathgate Football Club was a football club based at Mill Park in Bathgate, Scotland. The club was a member of the Scottish Football League from 1921 until 1929.
The Ciocadia is a right tributary of the river Gilort in Romania. It discharges into the Gilort in Bengești. 
Kathrine Virginia "Kathy" Switzer (born January 5, 1947, in Amberg, Germany) is an American marathon runner, author, and television commentator.
Kim Myung-min (, born October 8, 1972) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his leading roles in the television series "Immortal Admiral Yi Sun-shin" (2004), "White Tower" (2007), "Beethoven Virus" (2008), and "Six Flying Dragons" (2015-2016), as well as the films "Closer to Heaven" (2009) and the "Detective K" film series.
Running Press is an American publishing company and member of the Perseus Books Group. The publisher's offices are located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with many of the corporate functions taking place in Perseus' New York City headquarters. 
KOHL (89.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Hit Radio format.
MTM is a boy band group from Portugal. They represented Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001 with the pop song in Portuguese "Só sei ser feliz assim" which translates in "Only Can Be Happy This Way". 
Authe is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of northern France.
Arreux is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of northern France.
Alincourt is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of northern France.
Avezan is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Lunac is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
KYAL (1550 AM) is a Sports radio formatted radio station in Tulsa, Oklahoma, and licensed to serve Sapulpa, Oklahoma. The station is owned by Michael Perry Stephens. Its studios are located at the CityPlex Towers in South Tulsa.
The  are a group of islands in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan, east of the Yaeyama Islands. They are situated between the Ryukyu Islands and Taiwan.
Monswiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Asswiller  is a French commune in the Bas-Rhin department in the Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Avillers-Sainte-Croix is a commune in the Meuse department in the Grand Est region in northeastern France.
Michel Deville (born 13 April 1931) is a French film director and screenwriter.
Hans Walter (9 August 1889 – 14 January 1967) was a Swiss rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
The Story Museum is a museum in Oxford, England. It aims to encourage education and support community engagement by exploring all forms of stories. 
The J. J. Ugland Companies is a group of shipping companies based in Grimstad, Norway.
WYHH (89.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed in Highland Heights, Kentucky, United States, it serves the Northern Kentucky and Greater Cincinnati area. The station is owned by Bible Broadcasting Network, Inc.
Anna Maria Agustí Flores (Barcelona, 1 October 1966), known professionally as Nina, is a Spanish musical actress and singer.
WLKP (91.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting the K-LOVE Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Belpre, Ohio, United States, it serves the Parkersburg-Marietta area. The station is owned by the Educational Media Foundation.
WPHP (91.9 FM) is a high school radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Hit Radio music format. Licensed to Wheeling, West Virginia, United States, it serves the greater Wheeling area. 
Belize Defence Force Football Club is a Belizean football team based in Belize City which currently competes in the Premier League of Belize of the Football Federation of Belize. It is sponsored by the country's national army of the same name. 
Kunst- und Ausstellungshalle der Bundesrepublik Deutschland  is one of the most visited museums in Germany. Known as the "Bundeskunsthalle" for short, it is part of the so-called "Museum Mile" in Bonn. 
Honiara  is the capital city of Solomon Islands, situated on the northwestern coast of Guadalcanal. , it had a population of 84,520 people. The city is served by Honiara International Airport and the seaport of Point Cruz, and lies along the Kukum Highway.
Cineriz was an Italian media company, involved primarily in the production and distribution of films, founded in the early 1950s by the businessman Angelo Rizzoli. The company catalogue counts also many movies directed by Federico Fellini, Gillo Pontecorvo, Luchino Visconti, Michelangelo Antonioni, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Pietro Germi, Roberto Rossellini and Vittorio De Sica.
Jasmin Schornberg (born 7 April 1986) is a German slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2001.
The Puerto Rico under-20 national football team is the national under-20 football team of Puerto Rico and is controlled by the Puerto Rican Football Federation.
Jong Song-ok (; born 18 August 1974) is a female long-distance runner and politician from North Korea, who won the world title in the women's marathon at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics in Seville, Spain. To date, it is the only medal ever won by a North Korean athlete at the World Championships.
Steven Roy Caulker (born 29 December 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Alanyaspor. He has made one appearance for the England national team.
The River Philip is a river contained entirely within Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Impuls Football Club , is a defunct Armenian professional football club from the town of Dilijan, Tavush Province. The club used to play in the Armenian Premier League, the top division of the Armenian football. The home ground of Impuls was the Dilijan City Stadium.
Gorenje ; stylized as "gorenje"), is a Slovenian major appliance manufacturer based in Velenje, Slovenia. 
Frankenstein is a municipality in the district of Kaiserslautern, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany. On a hill towering over the village is Frankenstein Castle. Frankenstein  station is located on the Mannheim–Saarbrücken railway.
Arnos is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Angous is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
Vendres  is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
WVLZ (1120 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Maryville, Tennessee, and serving the Knoxville radio market. It airs an Active Rock radio format and is owned by Aaron Ishmael, through licensee Mid-Century Radio LLC.
Autoire  is a commune in the Lot department in southwestern France.
Saint-Julien-de-Peyrolas is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Saint-Amans is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Kimberley "Kim" Smith (born 19 November 1981 in Papakura, Auckland) is a New Zealand middle-distance and long-distance runner who retired in 2016.
James Wesley "Red" Holloway (May 31, 1927 – February 25, 2012) was an American jazz saxophonist.
Matzerath is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Neuendorf is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Oberweis is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Preist is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Sefferweich is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Waldhof-Falkenstein is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Marco Marcato (born 11 February 1984, in San Donà di Piave, Veneto) is an Italian racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . He is a previous winner of the Tour de Vendée in 2011, and Paris–Tours in 2012.
Jung Jae-sung (also Chung Jae-sung; Hangul: 정재성; Hanja: 鄭在成; ; 25 August 1982 – 9 March 2018) was a South Korean professional badminton player.
Futebol Clube da Maia is a Portuguese football club based in Maia, Greater Metropolitan Area of Porto. Founded on 4 April 1954, it currently plays in the Porto Regional League, holding home matches at the Estádio Professor Doutor Vieira de Carvalho, which holds 15,000 spectators.
The Valea Mare is a left tributary of the river Covasna in Romania. It flows into the Covasna in Boroșneu Mare.
Mohd Zakry bin Abdul Latif (born 2 April 1983 in Negeri Sembilan) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Kirrweiler is a municipality in the Südliche Weinstraße district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The Talomir is a left tributary of the river Olt in Romania. It discharges into the Olt in Bodoc.
Alfred Burden (born 14 December 1976 in Paddington, London) is an English professional snooker player who lives in London.
Bell is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Kerben is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Winningen is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Niederwerth is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany. It is situated on two islands  in the Rhine, opposite the town Vallendar.
Macken is a municipality in the district of Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Clairmarais is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Coullemont is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Denier is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais "département" in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Demba Ba (born 25 May 1985) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir and the Senegal national team.
Vize Island or Wiese Island , also known as Zemlya Vize  is an isolated Russian island located in the Arctic Ocean.
Altendiez is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Gemmerich is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Kaltenholzhausen is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Lohrheim is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.
Taoa is a village in Wallis and Futuna. It is located in Alo District on the southern coast of Futuna Island. 
Barnim IV of Pomerania (1325 – 22 August 1365) was a Duke of Pomerania-Wolgast-Rügen.
Haikou Television   is a television and radio station in Hainan, China. It broadcast three television channels, and 3 radio channels.
The Autonomous University of Baja California  is a public institution of higher education in the Mexican state of Baja California. UABC is one of the 43 state universities throughout Mexico as part of the country's state university system. Its headquarters are located in the city of Mexicali.
Sachiko Morisawa (; born 1945) is a former female international table tennis player from Japan. 
The SB/DJK Rosenheim is a German from the city of Rosenheim, Bavaria. Apart from football, the club also offers other sports like tennis, basketball and American football, the latter in the form of the Rosenheim Rebels.
The Egg Islands are a small group of low-lying estuarine islands in the tidal lower reaches of the Huon River of south-east Tasmania, Australia. They face the town of Franklin which lies on the western bank of the river.
Ranchal is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
Falkirk Juniors Football Club were a Scottish football club based in the town of Grangemouth. Members of the Scottish Junior Football Association from 2011 until 2016, they played in the Scottish Junior Football Association, East Region The club was formed in 2011 to provide another option for part-time professional football in the Falkirk council area and were based at Grangemouth Stadium.
Lee Ji-hyun (; born December 12, 1986), better known by her stage name Qri, is a South Korean singer and actress. She debuted as a member of girl group T-ara in July 2009, who went on to become one of the best-selling girl groups of all time.
The 2012 United States House of Representatives elections in Ohio were held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012 to elect the 16 U.S. Representatives from the state of Ohio, a loss of two seats following the 2010 United States Census. The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election and an election to the U.S. Senate.
Margaret of Baden (1431 – 24 October 1457) was a Margravine of Baden by birth and by marriage Margravine of Brandenburg-Ansbach and Brandenburg-Kulmbach. She was the daughter of Jacob, Margrave of Baden-Baden, and his wife Catherine of Lorraine.
Werd Island is the main island of the small island group "Werd Islands" in the westernmost part of the Lower Lake of Lake Constance just before the High Rhine leaves the part of the lake known as . It is located on Swiss territory between Stein am Rhein and Eschenz.
The Porcelain Museum  is located in the "Casino del Cavaliere", one of the highest points of the Boboli Gardens at the Pitti Palace in Florence, Italy.
Desiree Rose Marie Scott (born 31 July 1987) is a Canadian soccer midfielder for Utah Royals FC in the National Women's Soccer League. Nicknamed "the destroyer", she is also a member of the Canadian national team, with whom she won Olympic bronze medals at the 2012 and 2016 Olympics.
The Mount Carmel Wolverines were an Eastern League of Professional Football team based in Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania, United States that played during the league's only year of existence, 1926. They finished fourth in the league with a 5-3-1 record .
15th of May City  is a suburb of eastern Helwan, Egypt, and is part of Greater Cairo. It was established in 1978, and is located south of the Nile Delta and east of central Helwan city. 
The Bengal football team  is an Indian football team representing West Bengal in the Santosh Trophy.
Mickey Bass (born May 2, 1943 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American bassist, composer, arranger, and music educator. He was born Lee Odiss Bass III. He has played with Chico Freeman, John Hicks, and Kiane Zawadi.
Carlos Alfredo Vera Rodríguez (born 25 June 1976) is an Ecuadorian football referee. 
Domenico Calcagno (born 3 February 1943) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been a bishop since 2002 and a cardinal since 2012.
Santa Cruz de Bezana is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain.
The Lotilla River is a river in South Sudan. It rises in marshes on the borders of the erstwhile Eastern Equatoria and Jonglei states and flows north to join the Pibor River near Pibor, at a junction with the Kangen River. 
Adelaide of Rheinfelden   (1060s – May 1090), was Queen Consort of Hungary by marriage to King Ladislaus I of Hungary. 
William I "the Elder" of Hesse-Rotenburg (15 May 1648, in Kassel – 20 November 1725, in Langenschwalbach) was from 1683 until his death Landgrave of Hesse-Rotenburg. He was a son of Ernest I of Hesse-Rotenburg-Rheinfels and his wife, Countess Maria Eleonore of Solms-Lich. 
Charles August; 17 September 1685, Weilburg – 9 November 1753) was from 1719 to 1753 Prince of Nassau-Weilburg.
Christian Albrecht, 2nd Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (27 March 1726 in Langenburg – 4 July 1789 in Ludwigsruhe), was the second ruling Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg and a Dutch lieutenant-general.
Charlotte Amalie of Hesse-Philippsthal (11 August 1730, Philippsthal – 7 September 1801, Meiningen), was Duchess and regent from 1763 to 1782 of Saxe-Meiningen.
Forbes River, a perennial river of the Hastings River catchment, is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Reid State Technical College is a public community college in Evergreen, Alabama. The college was established in 1963, with classes beginning in 1966.
Casa Manila is a museum in Intramuros depicting colonial lifestyle during Spanish colonization of the Philippines.
Elisabeth Cruciger  (c. 1500 - 2 May 1535) was the first female poet and hymn writer of the Protestant Reformation and a friend of Martin Luther.
The Agwei River or the River Agwei, also spelled Agvey, is a tributary of the Pibor River that flows through eastern South Sudan and western Ethiopia. Its own tributaries include the Abara and Kongkong rivers. 
Silke Lippok (born 31 January 1994) is a German swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 200 m, 4 × 100 m and 4 × 200 m freestyle events and finished in 13th, 9th and 11th place, respectively. 
Sultan Ageng Tirtayasa University  is the only state university in the province of Banten, Indonesia. The main campus is in Serang, the faculty of engineering is at Cilegon, and FKIP Faculty most of it is located in Ciwaru Serang. 
University Academy Holbeach is an academy based in Holbeach, Lincolnshire in England.
Moyale Airport , also referred to as Moyale Lower Airport, is an airport located in the town of Moyale, Marsabit County, in the northern part of the Republic of Kenya, at the international border with Ethiopia. Its location is approximately , by air, northeast of Nairobi International Airport, the country’s largest civilian airport. 
The Back River is a tidal channel in the town of Boothbay, Maine, in the United States. It defines the east and south sides of Barters Island and connects with the Sheepscot River, which forms the west side of the island. 
The Slovak-Moravian Carpathians  are the mountain ranges along the border of the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Before the Treaty of Trianon in 1920 it was called Hungarian-Moravian Border Mountain.
The Senegal national U-20 football team is the feeder team for the Senegal national football team and is controlled by the Senegalese Football Federation.
The Ukrainian Carpathians  are a section of the Eastern Carpathians, within the borders of modern Ukraine. They are located in the southwestern corner of Western Ukraine, within administrative territories of four Ukrainian regions , covering northeastern part of Zakarpattia Oblast, southwestern part of Lviv Oblast, southern half of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast and western half of Chernivtsi Oblast. 
Francis John Pettijohn (June 20, 1904 – April 23, 1999) was an American geologist who served for many years on the faculty of Johns Hopkins University.
Luciana Maria Arrighi (born 1940) is a Brazilian-born, Australian-raised, Italian production designer. She won an Oscar for the film "Howards End" in the category Best Art Direction.
Walter Edward Cox (born March 29, 1948), known professionally as Bud Cort, is an American actor and comedian, known for his portrayals of Harold in Hal Ashby's film "Harold and Maude" (1971) and the eponymous hero in Robert Altman's film "Brewster McCloud" (1970).
Changchun Dafangshen Airport , or Dafangshen Air Base, is a military air base in Changchun, the capital of Jilin Province in Northeast China. Originally constructed in 1941 by the Empire of Japan for the capital of its puppet state Manchukuo, Dafangshen Airport saw fierce fighting and was severely damaged during the Siege of Changchun in the Chinese Civil War. 
The Brahms House , also known as Lichtental No. 8, is a biographical museum dedicated to Johannes Brahms in Baden-Baden, Germany. 
The Somali Sea is a body of water that borders the eastern coast of Somalia.
The Chicago, Rock Island and Gulf Railway was a Texas subsidiary of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad.
Energa SA is a Polish corporate group which deals in the generation, distribution, and supplies electricity to approximately 2.7 million people in Northern Poland. Energa is Poland's third largest distribution network operator serving North and Central Poland, with the other major distributors being; The Tauron Group, Enea SA, and PGE Polska Grupa Energetyczna.
Vallentine Mitchell is a publishing company based in Elstree, Hertfordshire, England. 
Civil Alliance  is a big tent secular political party in Jordan founded in late 2018.
The Free Taiwan Party  is a pro-independence political party in Taiwan. It was founded by Pan-Green professor Tsay Ting-kuei on 17 April 2015 and registered as a political party on 1 May 2015.
Western United Football Club is an Australian professional soccer club based in Western Victoria and is anticipated to play games in Geelong, Ballarat, Docklands, Victoria and eventually Tarneit.
A.P.S. Kronos Argyrades Football Club is a Greek football club, based in Argyrades, Corfu, Greece.
Phrachao Siribounyasan (; ; died November 1781), also known as Ong Boun , Bunsan or Xaiya Setthathirath III, was the 3rd king of the Kingdom of Vientiane (r. 1767 to 1781).
Enosi Lerna Football Club is a Greek football club, based in Lerna, Argolis, Greece.
The Finniss River drains part of the east side of Fleurieu Peninsula into Lake Alexandrina in South Australia. It is part of the Murray–Darling basin.
The 2020 United States House of Representatives election in North Dakota will be held on November 3, 2020, to elect the U.S. Representative from North Dakota's at-large congressional district. The elections will coincide with the 2020 U.S. presidential election, as well as other elections to the House of Representatives, elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections.
Xinbarag Youqi  Baogede Airport  is a general aviation airport serving New Barag Right Banner  in Hulunbuir, Inner Mongolia, China. It is located northeast of the Baogede Wula Mountains, after which it is named. 
Evergreen FC are an American soccer club competing in the USL League Two.
Theophanes III of Jerusalem was the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem from 1608 to 1644.
Wulff Land  is a peninsula in far northwestern Greenland. Administratively it is a part of the Northeast Greenland National Park.
Lamballe-Armor is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France. It was established on 1 January 2019 by merger of the former communes of Lamballe , Morieux and Planguenoual.
General Motors de Chile is the Chilean subsidiary of General Motors. It is located in the city of Santiago, in the commune of Huechuraba .
The African Content Movement  is a South African political party founded in December 2018 by former SABC acting Chief operating officer Hlaudi Motsoeneng.
Krus na Ligas is a barangay in Diliman, Quezon City in the Philippines. It is located within the premises of the University of the Philippines Diliman. It has a population of 21,513 based on the census conducted in 2015.
The Democratic Liberal Congress  is a South African political party formed in 2016 by Patrick Pillay.
Universidade Veiga de Almeida is a private university with campuses located in Rio de Janeiro and Cabo Frio, Brazil.
New South Africa Party is a minor political party in South Africa.
The Statue of Liberty Museum is located on Liberty Island in New York City. The museum opened on May 16, 2019, and is focused on the creation, meaning, and history of the Statue of Liberty , a large statue by Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi which the people of France gifted to the people of the United States in 1886.
Arena Arda is a football stadium in Kardzhali, Bulgaria and the home ground of Arda Kardzhali. The stadium was officially opened in 1963 and renovated in 2018.
Keningau Heritage Museum  is a museum located at Mahathir Park in Keningau of Sabah, Malaysia.
Nara Television Co., Ltd.  is a Japanese television and radio broadcaster headquartered in Nara, Japan.
Kocaeli Museum, a.k.a. Kocaeli Archaeology and Ethnography Museum or İzmit Museum, ) is a national museum in Kocaeli , northwestern Turkey, exhibiting archaeological artifacts and ethnographic objects. It is housed in the former railway station of İzmit.
Palmarito Airport is an airport serving Palmarito, a town in the Apure state of Venezuela. The runway is south of town.
Brihans Natural Products Ltd. is an Indian natural cosmetics and consumer products company based in Shaniwar Peth, Pune, Maharashtra, India. The company manufactures skin care, hair care and health care products.
OutKast F.C. is a Philippine football club that plays at the PFF Women's League, the top women's football league in the Philippines.
Giresun Museum is a museum in Giresun, Turkey
The United States House of Representatives elections in Oregon, 2002 were held on November 5, 2002 to select Oregon's representatives to the United States House of Representatives. All five seats were up for election in 2002, as they are every two years. 
Solidariedade  is a Brazilian social-democratic political party that uses the number 77. The party won 14 seats in the 2014 Brazilian general election.
Kayseri Archaeology Museum is a museum in Kayseri, Turkey. It is at 
The 2018 United States House of Representatives elections in Maryland were held on November 6, 2018, electing the eight U.S. Representatives from the State of Maryland, one from each of the state's eight congressional districts. The elections coincided with the gubernatorial election, as well as other elections to the House of Representatives, elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections.
The 2018 United States House of Representatives elections in Utah were held on November 6, 2018, to elect the four U.S. Representatives from the state of Utah, one from each of the state's four congressional districts. The elections coincided with other states' elections to the House of Representatives, elections to the United States Senate and various state and local elections. 
Ceramica Cleopatra Football Club , is an Egyptian football club based in Giza, Egypt. The club is currently playing in the Egyptian Second Division, the seconleague in the Egyptian football league system. 
Al Zarka Sporting Club , is an Egyptian football club based in Al Zarka, Egypt. The club is currently playing in the Egyptian Second Division, the second-highest league in the Egyptian football league system.
Sakarya Museum  is a museum in Adapazarı, Turkey.
Konuralp Museum is a museum in Düzce Province, Turkey
Amazon Game Studios  is a division of the online retailing company Amazon that focuses on the development of video games.
AO UniCredit Bank is a Russian bank headquartered in Moscow. It was a wholly owned subsidiary of Italy-based UniCredit Group.
Duluth FC is an amateur men's soccer club based in Duluth, Minnesota, United States. The club currently competes in the NPSL Midwest Region’s North Conference. The club's colors are green and blue, and plays its home matches at Duluth East High School's Ordean Stadium.
Nogliki Airport  is an airport serving Nogliki in Sakhalin Oblast, Russia. Following upgrades by oil and gas companies working on projects in the region, the airport opened to the public in 2004. It is served by the airline Aurora as of December 2017.
Progress Party or Party for Progress  was a fascist political party in Iran led by Abdolhossein Teymourtash, described as the "spurious" party of government and functioning as a "vehicle for executing royal intentions" of Reza Shah.
Ayn al-Tamr or Ain al-Tamur  is a city in central Iraq, located about 67 km west of Karbala near Razzaza Lake. The oasis of Ayn al-Tamr comprises many villages which are famous for palm orchards and mineral water. 
The Simons Foundation is a private foundation established in 1994 by Marilyn and James Harris Simons with offices in New York City. The foundation funds research in mathematics and the basic sciences.
Aaron Waisglass, better known by his stage name Grandtheft, is a Canadian DJ and musician based in Toronto. He is signed to Diplo's record label Mad Decent. 
Beitar Ironi Kiryat Gat  is an Israeli football club based in Kiryat Gat. The club currently plays in Liga Bet South division.
The Boring Company is an infrastructure and tunnel construction company founded by Elon Musk in late 2016. 
The Austin Acoustic is a women's American football team based in Austin, Texas. The Acoustic is a member franchise of the Legends Football League. They play their home games at H-E-B Center  in the Austin suburb of Cedar Park, Texas.
The Fucha River is a river on the Bogotá savanna and a left tributary of the Bogotá River. The river originates in the Eastern Hills of the Colombian capital Bogotá and flows westward through the city into the Bogotá River. 
The group was founded by Yuriko Koike, governor of Tokyo since 2016. While still a member of the Liberal Democratic Party, Koike began laying the groundwork for a new political party in late 2016, when she established the "Kibo no Juku"  program to train potential political candidates. 
Dead Cross are an American hardcore punk supergroup formed in Southern California. The band consists of guitarist Michael Crain , bassist Justin Pearson , drummer Dave Lombardo  and vocalist Mike Patton .
Popular Alternative  is a Christian-democratic political party in Italy that was founded on 18 March 2017 after the dissolution of New Centre-Right , one of the two parties that emerged at the break-up of The People of Freedom (PdL, the main Italian centre-right party from 2008 to 2013).
El Hilal Sports Club El Obeid or simply El Hilal El Obeid is a Sudanese sports club established in 1931 based in El-Obeid. It is active in the Sudan Premier League and participated for the first time in the 2017 CAF Confederation Cup.
Mount Burges is a town in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
The Guayanan Highlands moist forests (NT0124) is an ecoregion in the south of Venezuela and the north of Brazil and in Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana. It is in the Amazon biome.
The Orinoco Delta swamp forests (NT0147) is an ecoregion of eastern Venezuela and northern Guyana covering the large and shifting Orinoco Delta.
GMM 25 is a Thai digital terrestrial television channel owned by GMM Grammy. It shows dramas, music, news, entertainment targeting teenagers. 
Big Bazaar is an Indian retail chain of hypermarkets, discount department stores, and grocery stores. The retail chain was founded by Kishore Biyani under his parent organisation Future Group, which is known for having a significant prominence in Indian retail and fashion sectors. 
The Paraguana xeric scrub (NT1313) is an ecoregion in Venezuela to the north and east of Lake Maracaibo along the Caribbean coast.
The Azerbaijan national under-23 football team represents Azerbaijan in international football competitions and is controlled by the Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan. The selection is limited to players under the age of 23, except during the Olympic Games where the use of three overage players is allowed.
Arslan Eyce Private Amphora Museum, also known as Taşucu Amphora Museum,  is a maritime archaeology museum dedicated to amphora in Taşucu, southern Turkey.
The Wales national under-20 football team, controlled by the Football Association of Wales, is Wales' national under 20 football team and is considered to be a feeder team for the Wales national football team. The team represented Wales in the 2017 Toulon Tournament.
Guadalupe Fútbol Club is a professional football club that plays in the Primera División de Costa Rica, Located in San José suburb of Guadalupe this football club made their debut in the Liga FPD on July 29, 2017.
Hirshabelle State is an autonomous region in south-central Somalia. It is bordered by Galmudug to the north, South West State of Somalia and Banadir region to the south, Ethiopia to the west and the Somali Sea to the east. Jowhar is the capital city of Hirshabelle.
Directflight is a Scottish airline based in the United Kingdom and operating flights mainly in the Shetland Islands. It is operated by Airtask Group Ltd.
The Popular Unity Movement   is an Ecuadorian political movementis an Ecuadorian political movement of revolutionary left close to Marxism-Leninism to be conformed with the electoral wing of the Marxist Leninist Communist Party of Ecuador. Member of the National Agreement for Change.
Stadionul Tudor Vladimirescu is a multi-purpose stadium in Târgu Jiu, Romania. Inaugurated in 2019, it is used mainly for football matches but also for athletics. The stadium is an all-seater with a capacity of 12,386.
Yanzigang Stadium  is a multi-purpose stadium in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. It mainly used for campus football league and youth football championships of Guangzhou. It is the current home of Hong Kong Premier League club R&F as well as the Guangzhou Evergrande Reserves.
This is a list of articles for the official state and territorial party organisations  of the Liberal Party of Australia.
Maison Van Gogh  is a museum in the village of Cuesmes, near Mons in Belgium. Vincent Van Gogh lived here from 1879 to 1880.
Blue Reform  is a Finnish conservative political party.
Dr. B.R. Ambedkar University of Social Sciences  is a state university located at Dongargaon, Madhya Pradesh, India. It was established in 2016 by the Government of Madhya Pradesh under the "Dr. B.R. Ambedkar University of Social Sciences Act, 2015" to focus on education of social sciences, the first such university in India.
Valdoule is a commune in the department of Hautes-Alpes, southeastern France. The municipality was established on 1 July 2017 by merger of the former communes of Bruis , Montmorin and Sainte-Marie.
Somosierra is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain, located at 83 km north of Madrid, in the mountain pass with the same name, at a elevation of 1433 metres above sea level, being the northernmost town of Community of Madrid. The Battle of Somosierra was fought here in 1808 during the Napoleonic Wars.
Siquijor Airport , is a community feeder aerodrome serving the general area of the town of Siquijor, located in the province of Siquijor in the Philippines.
Richards Bay Football Club is a South African football club based in Richards Bay, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Abou Sakal Football Club , is an Egyptian football club based in Sinai, Egypt. The club currently plays in the Egyptian Second Division, the second-highest league in the Egyptian football league system.
The Quinlan Mountains is a mountain range in the U.S. state of Arizona. Its highest point is Kitt Peak at , which is also the second-highest peak on the Tohono O'odham Indian Reservation, after Baboquivari Peak. The range lies on the eastern end of the reservation about southwest of Tucson.
Digital Science is a technology company with its headquarters in London, United Kingdom.
Super Micro Computer, Inc, doing business as Supermicro, is an information technology company based in San Jose, California. Supermicro's headquarters are located in Silicon Valley, with a manufacturing space in the Netherlands and a Science and Technology Park in Taiwan. 
Bareilly International University is located in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh , India. It is a private university.
Abi al Ashar  is a Libyan football club based in Tajura, Tripoli which plays in the Libyan Premier League.
The Laos National Under-20 football team is the major U-20 youth team of Laos.
Bridgeton Waverley Football Club was a Scottish football club based in Glasgow. Originally founded in 1904, they competed in the Junior grade from 1923 until folding in 1962.
Vyatskiye Polyany Molot Machine-Building Plant  is a Russian company based in Vyatskiye Polyany. The plant manufactures rifles and shotguns, and is a subsidiary of Rostec. It is one of the largest companies in Kirov Oblast.
Fraser Island  is divided into two localities, one very small one, Eurong, and very large one called Fraser Island  with Happy Valley its only town. Eurong is on the east coast of Fraser Island facing the Coral Sea about one quarter of the length of the island from its southern trip. 
The Catalan Republic  was a short-lived independent state under French protection proclaimed in 1641 by the States-General of Catalonia led by Pau Claris, during the Reaper's War.
The Full College  was the main executive body of the Republic of Venice, overseeing day-to-day governance and preparing the agenda for the Venetian Senate.
Lhasa Urban Construction Investment Football Club  is a Chinese football club founded in 2017 and currently participates in the China League Two. The team is based in Deyang, Sichuan.
Enchanted Storybook Castle is a castle in Shanghai Disneyland Park, opened in June 2016. It represents all of the Disney Princesses and is the tallest castle in all of the related parks. 
Sunan Gunung Djati State Islamic University Bandung, also known as UIN Bandung or often abbreviated as UIN SGD , is a state Islamic university based in Cibiru District, Bandung, West Java. The university has a history of cultivating the intellectual background for Islamic movements and organizations, Nahdlatul Ulama. 
Musamus Merauke University  is a public university in Merauke, Indonesia. The third public university  on Indonesian Papua and the second on the Papua province, it is located at the southeastern corner of the Merauke main town and next to its airport.
Maccabi Nujeidat F.C.  is an Israeli football club based in Bu'eine Nujeidat. The club currently plays in Liga Bet North B division.
The Russian Railway Museum is situated next to Baltiysky railway station in Saint Petersburg.The museum was established in 1978, its current site and exhibition opened to public on November 1, 2017. 
Mundra Airport is a private airport in Mundra, Kutch,
Enea is a Polish power industry company based in Poznań. Enea is the fourth largest energy group in Poland. 
Glasgow Girls Football Club is a Scottish women's association football club based in the East End of Glasgow. They are members of the Scottish Women's Premier League , the highest level women's football league in Scotland, and compete in its second tier, SWPL 2.
Wicres is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Santes is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Linselles is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Fretin is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. It is in the south of the Urban Community of Lille Métropole.
Thiant is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Sahr Senesie (born June 20, 1985) is a German former professional footballer of Sierra Leonean descent. He is the half-brother of Chelsea player Antonio Rüdiger.
Sharon Walsh-Arnold ("née" Walsh; born February 24, 1952) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Thumeries is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Herrin is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Bachy is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Miller Creek is a stream in eastern Marin County, California, United States. It originates on Big Rock Ridge and empties into San Pablo Bay east of Marinwood. 
Chira is the name of a river and valley in northern Peru whose mouth is 100 km north west of the provincial capital of Piura and 25km north of the port of Paita.
The East Branch North Fork Feather River is a left tributary of the North Fork Feather River in the northern Sierra Nevada, Plumas County, California. Primarily within the Plumas National Forest, its course extends from Paxton  to Belden.
The Mediterranean "Acacia-Argania" dry woodlands and succulent thickets is a Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and scrub ecoregion in North Africa centered mainly on Morocco but also including northwestern Western Sahara and the eastern Canary Islands. 
Olta Boka (born 13 September 1991) is an Albanian singer, known for representing Albania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 with the song "Zemrën e lamë peng", after winning Festivali i Këngës 46.
Taulis  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Montbolo  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Corsavy  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France. It is part of the historical Vallespir comarca.
Saint-Pierre-dels-Forcats  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Lantenay is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Sauto  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Mantenay-Montlin is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Tarerach  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
Ry  is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
KHAT (1210 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Laramie, Wyoming, United States. 
KJCY is a Christian radio station licensed to St. Ansgar, Iowa, broadcasting on 95.5 MHz FM. KJCY serves the areas of Mason City, Iowa and Austin, Minnesota. 
WFTF (90.9 MHz, "Air 1") is an FM radio station licensed to Rutland, Vermont. It airs a syndicated Christian worship music radio format. The station is owned by Christian Ministries, Inc. Air 1 is a network owned by the Educational Media Foundation.
Carnarvon is a small town in the Northern Cape Province of South Africa.
Saint-Cyr-sur-Menthon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
The River Roe  is a river located in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. It flows north from Glenshane in the Sperrin Mountains to Lough Foyle, via the settlements of Dungiven, Burnfoot, Limavady and Myroe. 
Longwarry is a town in Victoria, Australia, south-east of Melbourne's Central Business District, located within the Shires of Baw Baw and Cardinia local government areas. Longwarry recorded a population of 2,004 at the 2016 Census. 
Raschau-Markersbach is a municipality in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony, Germany. It was formed on 1 January 2008, by the merger of the former municipalities Markersbach and Raschau.
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance is a bond insurance company created by Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. in December 2007.
Saint-Julien-sur-Reyssouze is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Walter Edward Block (born August 21, 1941) is an American Austrian School economist and anarcho-capitalist theorist. He currently holds the Harold E. Wirth Eminent Scholar Endowed Chair in Economics at the J. A. Butt School of Business at Loyola University New Orleans, and is a senior fellow of the Ludwig von Mises Institute in Auburn, Alabama. 
Michael Gore (born March 5, 1951) is an American composer. Gore is the younger brother of the late singer/songwriter Lesley Gore.
Ave Maria Lane is a street in the City of London, to the west of St. Paul's Cathedral. It is the southern extension of Warwick Lane, between Amen Corner and Ludgate Hill.
The Nechit is a right tributary of the river Bistrița in Romania. It discharges into the Bistrița near Zănești. 
KCIN (94.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Cedar City, Utah, United States, the station is currently owned by Cherry Creek Radio.
Avesnes-Chaussoy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Aubigny is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Averky Borisovich Aristov  (22 October 1903 – 11 July 1973) was a Soviet politician and diplomat.
Wadi Degla Sporting Club   is an Egyptian football club based in Cairo. In 2009–10, it was promoted to the Egyptian Premier League for the first time in its history.
KMFC (92.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. It is licensed to Centralia, Missouri, United States, and serves the Columbia, Missouri area. The station is owned by the Educational Media Foundation.
Dianne Fromholtz Balestrat ("née" Fromholtz; born 10 August 1956) is an Australian former professional tennis player who reached a highest singles ranking of world No. 4 in 1979.
Pembroke (2016 population 13,882; CA population 23,269) is a city in Ontario, Canada at the confluence of the Muskrat River and the Ottawa River in the Ottawa Valley. Pembroke is the location of the administrative headquarters of Renfrew County, though the city itself is politically independent. It is 150 kilometres northwest of Ottawa.
Iroij Litokwa Tomeing (born 14 October 1939) was the President of the Marshall Islands from January 2008 until October 2009.
Wendy White-Prausa (born 29 September 1960) is a former professional tennis player.
Alhama de Murcia is a Spanish municipality in the autonomous community of the Region of Murcia. 
His younger brother Kodai is also a professional footballer playing for Ehime FC.
Agincourt is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.
Bringolo  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in north-western France.
Harmony Books is an imprint of the Crown Publishing Group, itself part of publisher Penguin Random House.
Bishop Hlib Borys Sviatoslav Lonchyna (; born 23 February 1954) is eparchial Bishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of the Holy Family of London since 18 January 2013. Previously, he served as the Apostolic Exarch for Ukrainian Catholics in Great Britain since 14 June 2011.
Mese is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northwest of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,652 and an area of .
Telecom Egypt Sporting Club , is an Egyptian football club based in Cairo, Egypt. The club is currently playing in the Egyptian Second Division, the second-highest league in the Egyptian football league system. 
Gottfried Freiherr von Banfield (6 February 1890 – 23 September 1986) was the most successful Austro-Hungarian naval aeroplane pilot in the First World War. He was known as the 'Eagle of Trieste' and was the last person in history to wear the Military Order of Maria Theresa. 
Duault  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Sagar Films, also known as Sagar Arts, is a film and television production company based in Mumbai, India. It was founded by Ramanand Sagar and is a part of the Sagar Group of companies owned by the Sagar family.
Illifaut  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Languenan  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Lanvellec  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in north-western France.
Anastasia of Kiev ( 1023 – 1074/1096) was Queen of Hungary by marriage to King Andrew the White. She was the eldest daughter of Grand Prince Yaroslav I the Wise of Kiev and Ingigerd of Sweden, and the older sister of Anne of Kiev, Queen consort of Henry I of France.
Gahard  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Plaintel  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Lynx Edicions is a Spanish ornithological publishing company.
Autrey is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.
Anoux is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.
Abaucourt is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.
Ploubezre  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Plouisy  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in north-western France. Plouisy is 407 kilometres from Paris.
Pludual  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Pommerit-le-Vicomte  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
CKCH-FM is a radio station broadcasting at 103.5 FM in Sydney, Nova Scotia, Canada. The station was one of several new radio stations approved in 2007 for the Atlantic Provinces and is also one of two new radio stations for the Cape Breton Regional Municipality along with sister station CHRK-FM.
The Kleine Emme is a river of the canton of Lucerne, Switzerland, a left tributary of the Reuss extending for 58 km, draining a basin of 477 km². It is not to be confused with the Emme of the canton of Berne.
Host Europe Group  is a website hosting, email and domain name registrar company.
Maria Megale Komnene (; died 17 December 1439), known as Maria of Trebizond , was a Byzantine Empress consort by marriage to the Byzantine emperor John VIII Palaiologos (r. 1425–1448). She was the last empress consort of the Byzantine Empire.
Illich-Avia  is part of the Open Joint Stock Company  of Illich Iron and Steel Works of Mariupol and was founded in 2002. The airline is based on Mariupol, Ukraine, and operates domestic and international flights, most of them on behalf of its parent Illich Steel & Iron Works.
Alexis  Rhodes (born 1 December 1984) is an Australian professional racing cyclist.
The Melaka Sultanate Palace Museum  is a museum located in Melaka City, Melaka, Malaysia. The building is a modern reconstruction of the palace of the Melaka Sultanate. It showcases the history of the region.
Mario Serandrei (23 May 1907 – 17 April 1966) was an Italian film editor and screenwriter.
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune , established 2006, is one of the seven Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research of India. It is located in Pune, Maharashtra.
Johann Christoph Volkamer (June 7, 1644 – August 26, 1720) was a German merchant, manufacturer and botanist.
Aleksander Krupa (born 18 March 1947), often credited as Olek Krupa, is a Polish actor, active in film and television roles and best known for playing villains and/or criminals, such as in "Eraser", "Blue Streak" and "Home Alone 3". He also notably portrayed a Bosnian Serb general engaged in genocide against Bosnian Muslims in 2001's "Behind Enemy Lines" and portrayed the President of Russia in 2010's action thriller film "Salt".
Bazentin is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Alba  is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census the municipality had a population of 136 inhabitants. Its postal code is 44395.
Alessandro Cicognini (25 January 1906 – 9 November 1995) was an Italian film music composer.
Yffiniac  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Allemant is a commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Wittelsheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Roderen is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Gueberschwihr  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Hunawihr  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Augy is a commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Braine is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Saint-Cast-le-Guildo  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France. It is port city on the English Channel as it also has a nautical center, the Centre Nautique de Saint- Cast  ranked 3rd to 6th in the nation.
Orschwiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Heiligenstein is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France. Its name means "holy rock".
Vendenheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Lipsheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Eckbolsheim is a commune, in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Domfessel is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Douchy is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Fontenoy is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Juvigny is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Mont-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Orgeval is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Romery is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Savy is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France, located in northern France.
Saint-Judoce  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor département of Brittany in northwestern France.
Saint-Mayeux  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Magstatt-le-Haut  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Ancienville is a French commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Muespach  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Metzeral is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Aurice is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Beaucourt-en-Santerre is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Sainte-Luce is a town and commune in the French overseas department of Martinique.
Cosa is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2006 census , the municipality has a population of 87 inhabitants.
The prefecture operates the airport, which is classified as a third class airport.
Berre-les-Alpes  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Le Rouret is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
La Roquette-sur-Siagne is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Pierlas is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Venanson is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Guillaumes  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Castellar  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Fontan is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Dr Donald Adamson (born 30 March 1939) is a British literary scholar, author and historian.
Saint-Martin-du-Mont is a commune in the Ain department in the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in eastern France.
Villeneuve is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Aulnois-sous-Laon is a commune in the department of Aisne in the Hauts-de-France region of northern France.
Beaumont-en-Beine is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Bertaucourt-Epourdon is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Blesmes is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
John F. Kennedy College was founded in 1965 in Wahoo, Nebraska, United States, one of six colleges started by small-town businessmen on the model of Parsons College in Fairfield, Iowa. The college was named after President John F. Kennedy. 
Beauquesne is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France. The name comes from the Picard for the oak tree, ‘quesne’
Bagneux is a French commune of the Allier department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of central France.
La Chapelle is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Estivareilles is a commune in the Allier department in central France. It lies about 10km north of Montluçon on the right-hand side of the Cher river. 
Murat is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
The Ora River is a river of West Nile, Northern Uganda. It is a tributary of the Albert Nile.
Saint-Prix is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Li Jie (born 6 March 1984 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a Chinese-born Dutch women table tennis player who now represents the Netherlands.
Maryna Linchuk (; born 4 September 1987) is a Belarusian model.
Belleuse is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Port Said Airport serves the city of Port Said, Egypt, at the north end of the Suez Canal. In 2011, the airport served 36,962 passengers (-5.5% vs. 2010).
Vodafone Albania is part of Vodafone Group Plc, one of the world's largest telecommunications companies.
Berneuil is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
KTBZ (1430 AM, "1430 the Buzz") is a radio station licensed to serve Tulsa, Oklahoma. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and licensed to Clear Channel Broadcasting Licenses, Inc. It airs a Sports radio format. 
Ivan Bebek (born May 30, 1977) is a Croatian football referee. He lives in Rijeka.
Beuvraignes is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Bourguignon-sous-Coucy is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Brunehamel is a commune in the department of Aisne in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Cerny-en-Laonnois is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Chermizy-Ailles is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Croix-Fonsomme is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Lesquielles-Saint-Germain is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Montlevon is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Pithon is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The river Ailette forms small part of the commune's southern border.
The commune is traversed by the Suippe river.
Mehmet Akif Ersoy University  is a public university located in Burdur, Turkey. It was established in 2006. It is named after Mehmet Akif Ersoy.
Nimos is an uninhabited Greek island in the Dodecanese island group of the southern Aegean Sea. Located off the northern coast of Symi, from which it is separated by a small shallow strait called Diapori, it has an area of . 
Otherwise is an American hard rock band from Las Vegas, Nevada. They have released three full-length albums on the Sony Music-owned label Century Media Records, titled "True Love Never Dies" (2012), "Peace at All Costs" (2014) and "Sleeping Lions" (2017). 
Associazione Sportiva Giana Erminio S.r.l. is an Italian football club based in Gorgonzola, Lombardy. The team currently plays in Italy's Serie C.
Chimore Airport  is an airport serving Chimoré, a town in the Cochabamba Department of Bolivia.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in Alabama took place on November 4, 2014. Voters elected the 7 U.S. Representatives from the state of Alabama. 
Nitya Krishinda Maheswari Korwa (born 16 December 1988) is an Indonesian badminton player. She is specialized in women's doubles. 
The Meinong Hakka Culture Museum  is a cultural museum in Meinong District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
Terengganu Football Club II  is a professional football club based in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia. The club currently plays in the Malaysia Premier League, the second division of the Malaysian League.
Stubblejumper Press was a Canadian book publishing company, active in the 1970s and 1980s. Founded by Douglas Wilson in 1977 and originally based in Saskatchewan, the company was devoted to publishing works of LGBT literature.
Mobility Carsharing  is a Swiss cooperative of car sharing. It covers almost all organised carsharing in Switzerland. 
FK Sateska  is a football club based in the village of Volino, Debarca Municipality, Republic of Macedonia. They currently play in the Macedonian Third League.
The University of Health and Allied Sciences  is one of the youngest public universities in Ghana. It is located at Ho in the Volta Region of Ghana. 
Chicken Inn is a Zimbabwean football club based in Bulawayo. They play in the top division of Zimbabwean football, the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League.
Pupelde Airport  is an airport serving Ancud, a Pacific port city in the Los Lagos Region of Chile. Ancud is on the northern shore of Chiloé Island.
Druk Nyamrup Tshogpa , formerly Social Democrat Party is one of the five registered political parties in Bhutan. It was registered on 20 January 2013. As a result of the 2018 national assembly election, DNT is the governing party of Bhutan as the largest party in the National Assembly.
Delta Express was a no-frills "airline within an airline" brand owned and operated by Delta Air Lines from 1996 to 2003. The airline was headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
Leipoldtville is a town in Cederberg Local Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Al Masafi , is a football team from Baghdad, Iraq. As of the 2014–15 season they play in the Iraqi League.
KSF Prespa Birlik is a Swedish football club located in Malmö.
Barriles Airport is an airport east-southeast of Tocopilla, a Pacific coastal town in the Antofagasta Region of Chile.
Maccabi Ramat Gan  was an Israeli football club based in Ramat Gan. In 1959 it merged with Hakoah Tel Aviv to form Hakoah Maccabi Ramat Gan.
Rigside is a small village in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, about from the town of Lanark, and less than from Douglas Water. It lies on the A70 road to Ayr, and has approximately 800 inhabitants. 
The Pomeranian State Museum  in Greifswald, Western Pomerania, is a public museum primarily dedicated to Pomeranian history and arts. The largest exhibitions show archeological findings and artefacts from the Pomerania region and paintings, e.g. of Caspar David Friedrich, who was a Greifswald local. 
Fredrikshald Bay  is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located in western M'Clintock Channel off the eastern coast of Victoria Island. It is situated north of Isachsen Point, and from Norway Bay.
Morales de Valverde is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 271 inhabitants.
Communications Corporation of America  was a broadcasting company in the United States that owned television stations in smaller markets. The company was headquartered in Lafayette, Louisiana. 
Antonio Domenicali (17 February 1936 – 5 July 2002) was an Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.
Stadionul Inter Gaz is a multi-use stadium in Popești-Leordeni, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of SC Popești-Leordeni. 
Global Underwater Explorers  is a scuba diving organization that provides education within recreational, technical, and cave diving. It is a nonprofit membership organization based in High Springs, Florida, United States.
The Virginia Belles is the University of Virginia's oldest all-female a cappella group based in Charlottesville, Virginia. The group was established in 1977 by Katherine Mitchell as the female counterpart to the Virginia Gentlemen, the university's oldest a cappella group. 
The Black River is located in Northumberland County, New Brunswick in Canada.
Pak Chau  or Tree Island is an island at the northwest water of Hong Kong. It is offshore of Lung Kwu Tan near Tuen Mun in the New Territories.
The Independent Unionist Association or Independent Unionist Party was a political party in Northern Ireland.
Kismayo University is a private university located in Kismayo, Somalia's third largest city.
The Mongolian Stock Exchange   is Mongolia's sole stock exchange. It is based in Ulaanbaatar. 
The Emergency Committee of South Australia was the major anti-Labor grouping in South Australia at the 1931 federal election.
CKXC-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 93.5 FM in Kingston, Ontario owned by Rogers Media. The station currently broadcasts a country music format branded as Country 93.5.
Guy Fawkes River, a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment, is in the New England and Northern Tablelands districts of New South Wales, Australia.
Alfred Raoul (1930 or 1938 – 16 July 1999) was President of the Republic of the Congo from 5 September 1968 to 1 January 1969, and the Prime Minister of the Republic of the Congo from August 1968 to December 1969.
Otto Kumm (1 October 1909 – 23 March 2004) was a German divisional commander in the Waffen-SS during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords. After the war, he became one of the founders of HIAG, a lobby group and a revisionist organization of former Waffen-SS members.
Little Nevka or Malaya Nevka  is the southern distributary of the Great Nevka. The Great Nevka splits into Little Nevka  and Middle Nevka  near the Kamenny Island's easternmost tip. 
WSGN (1050 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Alexander City, Alabama, United States. The station is owned by Marble City Media LLC and simulcasts on FM translator W242CP (96.3). 
WMGY (800 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Montgomery, Alabama, United States. The station, which began broadcasting in 1946, is owned by Terry L. Barber.
Kishacoquillas Creek is a tributary of the Juniata River in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
MK Land Football Club is a football club from Malaysia, based in Selayang, Selangor. The club played in the 2003 Malaysia FAM League and became runner-up and also was promoted to play in 2004 Malaysia Premier League with PKNS F.C. They then withdrew from the 2006 Premier League competition, citing financial difficulties. 
WTUG-FM (92.9 FM) is a radio station serving the Tuscaloosa, Alabama, vicinity with an Urban Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Northport, Alabama, United States. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
Futbol Club Sonsonate is a Salvadoran professional football club based in Sonsonate, El Salvador.
The River Haddeo on Exmoor in Somerset, England flows from the Wimbleball Lake to the River Exe.
The Washford River rises at near Luxborough in the Brendon Hills and flows through Somerset to the Bristol Channel at Watchet.
Ituna is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada. In 2006, it had a population of 622. 
Radisson is a town in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada. It was named after Pierre-Esprit Radisson (1636–1710), an explorer who was instrumental in the creation of Hudson's Bay Company.
Monsignor Guido Marini (born 31 January 1965) is an Italian priest of the Catholic Church, who has been the Master of Pontifical Liturgical Ceremonies since 1 October 2007. Pope Francis has extended his appointment to 2022. He previously served as chief liturgist for the Archdiocese of Genoa.
El Roble de Ilobasco  are a Salvadoran professional football club based in Ilobasco, El Salvador.
Clarence Brickwood Kingsbury (3 November 1882 – 4 March 1949) was a British track cyclist who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics. He belonged to the Paddington and North End cycling clubs.
Bertha Pappenheim (February 27, 1859 – May 28, 1936) was an Austrian-Jewish feminist, a social pioneer, and the founder of the Jewish Women's Association . Under the pseudonym Anna O., she was also one of Josef Breuer's best documented patients because of Freud's writing on Breuer's case.
Bruce Alan Beutler (born December 29, 1957) is an American immunologist and geneticist. Together with Jules A. Hoffmann, he received one-half of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for "their discoveries concerning the activation of innate immunity" .
Eduard von Borsody (; 13 June 1898 – 1 January 1970) was an Austrian cameraman, film editor, film director and screenplay writer.
China Pharmaceutical University  is a university in Nanjing, China that specializes in the pharmaceutical sciences. It is one of the “Project 211” key universities and universities selected for the "985 Innovative Platforms for Key Disciplines Project" affiliated with the Chinese Ministry of Education, which has granted it Double First Class status in certain disciplines.
Eichhoffen  is a commune, in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Azaghal is a black metal band from Finland, currently signed to Moribund Records. They were established in 1995.
The University of Oregon Museum of Natural and Cultural History, commonly known as the UO Natural History Museum, is an American natural history museum at the University of Oregon in Eugene. Located near Hayward Field on the east side of the UO campus, it is the largest natural history museum between Seattle and San Francisco and a center for archaeological and paleontological research in the Pacific Northwest and the wider world. 
Grand China Air Co., Ltd.  is a Chinese airline based at Haikou Meilan International Airport.
Kurt Hubert Franz (17 January 1914 – 4 July 1998) was an SS officer and one of the commanders of the Treblinka extermination camp. Because of this, Franz was one of the major perpetrators of genocide during the Holocaust. 
Al-Assad National Library  is the national library of Syria, located in the capital Damascus overlooking the Umayyad Square. It's named after Hafez al-Assad.
Andris Nelsons (born 18 November 1978) is a Latvian conductor. He is currently the music director of the Boston Symphony Orchestra and the "Gewandhauskapellmeister" of the Leipzig Gewandhaus Orchestra.
Vidauban is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Marrit Leenstra (; born 10 May 1989) is a Dutch former long track speed skater.
Candice Susan Swanepoel (; ; born 20 October 1988) is a South African supermodel and philanthropist. She is known for her work with Victoria's Secret. 
José Paulo Bezerra Maciel Júnior, commonly known as Paulinho (; born 25 July 1988), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande and the Brazil national team.
ESPN Inc. is an American sports media conglomerate owned by Disney Media Networks, a division of The Walt Disney Company, with Hearst Communications as an equity stakeholder. It owns various sports broadcasting operations, including cable channels , a sports radio network, an accompanying website, and other assets.
Madison Brengle (born April 3, 1990) is an American tennis player.
Dardenne Prairie is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States. The population was 11,494 at the 2010 census.
Gury Ivanovich Marchuk (; 8 June 1925 – 24 March 2013) was a prominent Soviet and Russian scientist in the fields of computational mathematics, and physics of atmosphere. Academician (since 1968); the President of the USSR Academy of Sciences in 1986–1991. Among his notable prizes are the USSR State Prize (1979), Demidov Prize (2004), Lomonosov Gold Medal (2004).
Lone Scherfig (born 2 May 1959) is a Danish film director and screenwriter who has been involved with the Dogme 95 film movement and who has been widely critically acclaimed for several of her movies, including the Oscar-nominated film "An Education" (2009). Scherfig's movies are generally romantic comedies, including her film "One Day" (2011), based on the David Nicholls novel. 
Sylvia Gerasch (born 16 March 1969) is a former swimmer who competed for East Germany and Germany.
Kris Menace  is an electronic musician and music producer.
Wolfgang Wickler is a German zoologist, behavioral researcher and author. He led the ethological department of the Max Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology from 1974, and he took over as director of the institute in 1975. 
Namonuito Atoll, also called Namonweito, Weito, or Magur Islands, is the largest atoll of the Federated States of Micronesia and of the Caroline Islands with a total area of , unless one considers the still larger Chuuk  Lagoon as a type of atoll in an early stage of development. In Micronesia, only Kwajalein Atoll of the Marshall Islands is still larger.
Annette Van Zyl (born 25 September 1943 in Pretoria), also known by her married name as Annette du Plooy, is a South African former tennis player. She was ranked in the top ten female players during the mid 1960s, and in 1966 she won the French Open Mixed Doubles title with Frew McMillan, defeating Ann Haydon-Jones and Clark Graebner in three sets.
Brenas is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.
Azillanet  is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.
Aigne  is a French commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region of southern France.
The Galda  is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Transylvania, Romania. It discharges into the Mureș in Sântimbru.
Alex Teixeira Santos (; (born 6 January 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Chinese club Jiangsu Suning.
Easington Colliery Association Football Club is a football club based in Easington Colliery, County Durham, England. They are currently members of the and play at Welfare Park.
Vassy-sous-Pisy (before 2010: "Vassy") is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France. 
XETLA-AM/XHPBSD-FM  is an indigenous community radio station that broadcasts in Spanish, Mixtec and Triqui from Tlaxiaco in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. It is run by the Cultural Indigenist Broadcasting System  of the National Commission for the Development of Indigenous Peoples  and broadcasts from studios in the Barrio San Diego neighborhood of Tlaxiaco.
Elizabeth the Cuman (1244-1290) was the Queen consort of Stephen V of Hungary. She was regent of Hungary during the minority of her son in 1272-1277.
Nestoras Kommatos (Greek: Νέστορας Κόμματος; born May 4, 1977) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 6'8" (2.03 m) in height and he can play at both the small forward and power forward positions.
Robert Boyd Holbrook (born c. 1980/1981) is an American actor and model. He has appeared in films such as "Milk", "Out of the Furnace", "Run All Night", "A Walk Among the Tombstones" and "Gone Girl", and starred as DEA Agent Steve Murphy in the Netflix series "Narcos". In 2012, he starred in the series "Hatfields & McCoys" as "Cap" Hatfield, and in 2017 he portrayed villain Donald Pierce in "Logan".
KCSP-FM (90.3 FM) is a non-commercial radio station located in Casper, Wyoming. KCSP airs a programming from Pilgrim Radio, a religious radio network based out of Nevada. 
Erle C. Kenton (August 1, 1896 – January 28, 1980) was an American film director. He directed 131 films between 1916 and 1957. He was born in Norborne, Missouri and died in Glendale, California from Parkinson's disease.
Upper Horton is a very small village and surrounding agricultural area located by the Horton River in northern New South Wales, Australia. The community of Upper Horton lies high in the Horton River Valley. 
Bolton Museum is a public museum and art gallery in the town of Bolton, Greater Manchester, northern England, owned by Bolton Metropolitan Borough Council.
Hatay Airport  is an international airport in Hatay Province, Turkey serving the cities of Antakya (25 km by road) and Iskenderun (45 km). Built in what used to be the center of now drained Lake Amik, it was inaugurated in December 2007.
The Salvadoran Air Force  is the air force component of the Armed Forces of El Salvador, and is an independent branch from the army and navy.
Bolazec  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.
The Art Museum of Georgia  , alternatively known as Shalva Amiranashvili Museum of Fine Arts, is one of the leading museums in the country of Georgia. Falling under the umbrella of the Georgian National Museum, AMG is located near Freedom Square, Tbilisi and possesses around 140,000 items of Georgian, Oriental, Russian, and other European art.
Gouesnou  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Guilvinec or Le Guilvinec  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Irvillac  is a commune in the Finistère department and administrative region of Brittany in north-western France.
Kernilis  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Lampaul-Plouarzel  is a commune in the Finistère department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Geoffrey VI (1 June 1134 – 27 July 1158) was Count of Nantes from 1156 to 1158. He was also known as Geoffrey of Anjou and Geoffrey FitzEmpress.
Acheux-en-Vimeu is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Le Faou  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Johanna Maria Baltensberger Rasmussen (born 2 July 1983) is a Danish professional footballer, who represents Swedish Damallsvenskan club Linköpings FC and the Denmark women's national football team. She plays as a left winger or forward and wears the number 13 shirt for Denmark.
GlobalSign is a WebTrust-certified certificate authority  and provider of Identity Services.
Locquirec  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Whale Rock or Submarine Rock is the smallest island in Narragansett Bay in Rhode Island.
The Balomir is a right tributary of the river Jiul de Vest in Romania. It discharges into the Jiul de Vest in Uricani.
Irina Yuryevna Bliznova (, born 6 October 1986) is a retired Russian handball player. She won the gold medal at the 2005 and 2007 world championships and 2016 Rio Olympics, placing second in 2008 and eighth in 2012. 
The Bolsover Colliery Company was a major mining concern established to extract coal from land owned by the Duke of Portland. At its peak the business was a constituent of the FT 30 index of leading companies on the London Stock Exchange.
Airaines is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Shyra Quontae Ely (born August 9, 1983) is an American basketball player who last played in the Women's National Basketball Association  for the Indiana Fever. The 6–2 power forward had originally played for two seasons with the San Antonio Silver Stars. 
Plouguerneau  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Pluguffan  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Allenay is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Poullaouen  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune Locmaria-Berrien was merged into Poullaouen.
Saint-Hernin  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France. The historian and librarian Georges Le Rider (1928-2014) was born in Saint-Hernin.
Castelnaud-la-Chapelle is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Saint-Rivoal  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Villar-en-Val is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Santec  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
Samak Sundaravej (, , ; 13 June 1935 – 24 November 2009) was a Thai politician who briefly served as the Prime Minister of Thailand and Minister of Defense in 2008, as well as the leader of the People's Power Party in 2008.
Arnaud Vincent (born 30 November 1974 in Laxou, Meurthe-et-Moselle) is a French former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He was the 2002 F.I.M. 125cc world champion. 
Nantes-en-Rattier is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Villard-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Valjouffrey is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
BK3 were an American rock band led by Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann. Kreutzmann formed the band in 2008 with Max Creek guitarist Scott Murawski and Allman Brothers Band bassist Oteil Burbridge.
Veurey-Voroize is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Meylan  is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Torchefelon is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Saint-Baudille-de-la-Tour is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Lans-en-Vercors is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Bonnefamille is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Beaufin is a commune in the Isère department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of south-eastern France.
Allevard,  is a commune in the Isère department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southeastern France.
The Democratic Socialist Electoral League was a minor Australian political party that operated from 1998 until its voluntary deregistration in 2001. It supported a broadly socialist platform.
Le Crestet is a commune in the Ardèche department in southern France.
Maria "Rie" Vierdag (22 September 1905 – 17 July 2005) was a Dutch freestyle swimmer who competed at the 1924, 1928 and 1932 Summer Olympics. She won a silver medal in the 4×100 m relay in 1932, setting a European record, and finished sixth in 1924. 
Sainte-Croix-en-Jarez is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Hariamanto Kartono (; born 1954) is a retired male Chinese Indonesian badminton player.
WZIN (104.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Charlotte Amalie, U.S. Virgin Islands. The station is owned by Pan Caribbean Broadcasting de P.R., Inc. It airs an alternative rock format. 
Big Island is a small, uninhabited island located in Hudson Bay near the community of Puvirnituq, Quebec, Canada. The island, one of three islands named "Big Island" in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, is part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
The City Stadium  is a multi-use stadium in Gjakova, in western Kosovo. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of KF Vëllaznimi of the Kosovar Superliga. 
Thamar University, also called Dhamar University, is a public university in the city of Dhamar, Yemen. It is one of the biggest universities in the country.
Andechy is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Anthony Roux (born 18 April 1987) is a French road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
Lithuanian Sports University or LSU is a university in Kaunas, Lithuania, specializing in sports, physical activities, and physiology. It is headquartered in Žaliakalnis neighbourhood, in close proximity to the Kaunas Sports Hall and the S. Darius and S. Girėnas Stadium.
Quatretondeta  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Comtat, Alicante, Valencian Country, Spain.
Benafigos is a municipality in the "comarca" of Alcalatén, Castellón Province, Valencia, Spain.
Fanzara is a municipality in the "comarca" of Alto Mijares, Castellón, Valencia, Spain.
Benafer is a municipality in the "comarca" of Alto Palancia, Castellón, Valencia, Spain.
Curciat-Dongalon is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Palmaria is an Italian island situated in the Ligurian Sea, at the westernmost end of the Gulf of La Spezia. Measuring , it is the largest island of an archipelago of three closely spaced islands jutting out south from the mainland at Portovenere. The other islands, Tino, and the tiny Tinetto lie further south.
The Borzia River  is a tributary of the river Mureș in Romania. It discharges into the Mureș in Borzia.
Vigri Tallinn was an Estonian professional football club active between 1980 and 2000.
Vojens  is a town in Denmark with a population of 7,655 (1 January 2014), it was the main town of the now abolished Vojens Municipality, now in Region of Southern Denmark. The town is served by Vojens Airport
Joram Lindenstrauss  (October 28, 1936 – April 29, 2012) was an Israeli mathematician working in functional analysis. He was a professor of mathematics at the Einstein Institute of Mathematics, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel.
Nanwan Monkey Island  is a state-protected nature reserve for macaque monkeys in Lingshui county on the south coast of Hainan, the southernmost province of China. While termed an island, the reserve is actually on the Nanwan peninsula bordering the Xincun harbour on the east and south. 
Dirk Schreyer (born 28 July 1944) is a competition rower and Olympic champion for West Germany.
Charles Diehl (; January 19, 1859 – November 1, 1944) was a French historian born in Strasbourg. He was a leading authority on Byzantine art and history.
Ernst Casimir I of Nassau-Dietz (22 December 1573 in Dillenburg – 2 June 1632 in Roermond) was count of Nassau-Dietz and Stadtholder of Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe.
Gilles Caron (July 8, 1939 – April 5, 1970) was a French photographer and photojournalist.
ARC Resources is a Canadian oil and gas producer based in Calgary, Alberta, the second largest Canadian oil and gas trust as of 2010.
John Rice Carter (born November 6, 1941) is the U.S. Representative serving since 2003. He is a Republican. The district includes the northern suburbs of Austin, as well as Fort Hood.
Bannister River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.
Bhumjaithai Party  was founded on November 5, 2008, in anticipation of the December 2, 2008, Constitutional Court of Thailand ruling that dissolved its "de facto predecessor", Neutral Democratic Party, along with the People's Power Party  and Thai Nation Party.
Barry Ryan Bannan (born 1 December 1989) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Football League Championship club Sheffield Wednesday and the Scotland national team.
Oskari Mantere (September 18, 1874 – December 9, 1942) was a Finnish politician from the National Progressive Party who served as Prime Minister of Finland from December 1928 to August 1929. He led a minority government.
Arthur Le Moyne de La Borderie, (5 October 1827, Vitré, Ille-et-Vilaine – 17 February 1901, Vitré) was a Breton historian, regarded as a father of Brittany's historiography.
Anjediva Island  is an island in the Arabian Sea off the coast of Canacona in the South Goa district, Goa, India. Legally and constitutionally, it remains a part of Goa, although there is a widespread misconception that it is a part of the Karnataka state off whose coast it lies.
The Warragamba River, a river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Macarthur region of New South Wales, Australia.
High Bluff Island is an uninhabited island located in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is a Baffin Island offshore island in Hudson Strait. The closest community is Kimmirut, away.
The Ali Alsgozy Stadium is a football stadium situated in Tripoli, Libya.
Henry L. "Roddy" Roediger III (born July 24, 1947) is an American psychology researcher in the area of human learning and memory. He rose to prominence for his work on the psychological aspects of false memories.
Willis Group Holdings plc is a multinational risk advisor, insurance brokerage and reinsurance brokerage company with its headquarters in the Willis Building in London. It is the world's fourth-largest insurance broker when measured by revenues. 
Chinhoyi University of Technology also known as CUT was established by an Act by the Parliament of Zimbabwe on 10 December 2001. The town of Chinhoyi is in Mashonaland West about 120 km from Harare towards Lake Kariba and the Zambian border.
Venesmes is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Vorly is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Bouniagues is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
Beauregard-de-Terrasson is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
Pianottoli-Caldarello  is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.
Auzances  is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Bord-Saint-Georges is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Ceyroux is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
La Chapelle-Taillefert is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Crocq  is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Fresselines is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Lafat is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Maisonnisses is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Mortroux is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of central France.
Nouziers is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Roches is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
The river Semme has its source in the commune.
Savennes is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Verneiges is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in central France.
Baulme-la-Roche is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.
Aiguilles is a commune of the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Jean-Andoche Junot, a general under Napoleon was born in the village. The Château de Bussy-Rabutin, home of the 17th-century courtier and writer Roger de Rabutin, Comte de Bussy, is located within the commune.
Le Sauze-du-Lac is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Saint-Jacques-en-Valgodemard  is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
La Piarre is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
Veronika Andreyevna Andrusenko  (; born 20 January 1991) is a Russian competitive swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the national team in the Women's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay, finishing in 10th place in the heats, failing to reach the final.
Christine Majerus (born 25 February 1987) is a Luxembourgian professional road and cyclo-cross cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Women's Team . She won the 2013 Sparkassen Giro one-day road race. 
Denis Mikhailovich Ablyazin (, born 3 August 1992) is a Russian artistic gymnast. He is a five-time medalist at the Olympic Games, At the 2012 London Olympics he won silver in vault and bronze in floor. 
Goodooga Airport is located west of Goodooga, New South Wales, Australia.
Bedan Karoki Muchiri (born 21 August 1990) is a Kenyan long distance runner who competes in track, cross country and road running disciplines. He represented Kenya at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Hansle Parchment (born 17 June 1990) is a Jamaican track and field athlete, competing in the 110 metres hurdles.
Mink Alphons Louis van der Weerden (; born 19 October 1988) is a Dutch field hockey player who plays as a defender for Oranje-Rood and the Dutch national team.
April Jeanette Mendez (born March 19, 1987) is an American author and former professional wrestler. She is best known for her time in WWE under the ring name AJ Lee.
Neuberger Museum of Art is located in Purchase, New York, United States. It is affiliated with Purchase College, part of the State University of New York system. It is the nation's tenth-largest university museum.
Ivanhoe Mines Ltd.  is a Canadian mining company headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia. It has the same management team as the original, pre-2012 Ivanhoe Mines, now known as Turquoise Hill Resources. 
Abdullah bin Mutaib bin Abdullah Al Saud (born 13 October 1984) is a Saudi show jumping rider and a member of House of Saud.
The Gurktal Alps  are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps in Austria, named after the valley of the Gurk River.
Tamil Nadu Minerals Limited   is a state-government undertaking of Government of Tamil Nadu located in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the authority and contractor of granite and stone quarries in Tamil Nadu. 
Elson Quincy Hooi (born 1 October 1991) is a Curaçaoan footballer who plays as a right winger for Eredivisie-side ADO Den Haag. He formerly played for NAC Breda, Viborg FF, FC Volendam, Ermis Aradippou, and Vendsyssel FF.
CBS Reality is a reality television channel which broadcasts across Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Baja Broadband was a cable television provider based in Alamogordo, New Mexico with subscribers in Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Texas and Utah. The company was acquired on August 2, 2013, by Telephone and Data Systems, a Fortune 1000 company. 
Al-Muhasan  is a town in eastern Syria, administratively part of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate, located along the Euphrates River, south of Deir ez-Zor and 120 kilometers west of the border with Iraq. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Muhasan had a population of 9,501 in the 2004 census.
The Libertarian Party of the District of Columbia is a political party in the United States active in the District of Columbia. It is the recognized affiliate of the national Libertarian Party.
Rooikoppies, also known as Marikana, is a town in Rustenburg local municipality, Bojanala Platinum District Municipality district in the North West province of South Africa.
Mozilla  is a free software community founded in 1998 by members of Netscape. The Mozilla community uses, develops, spreads and supports Mozilla products, thereby promoting exclusively free software and open standards, with only minor exceptions. The community is supported institutionally by the not-for-profit Mozilla Foundation and its tax-paying subsidiary, the Mozilla Corporation.
Bob Ford Field is a football stadium in Albany, New York that is owned and operated by the University at Albany, SUNY and hosts the school's football team, as well as their soccer program. The stadium, with an initial seating capacity of 8,500, opened on September 14, 2013 when Albany made its debut in Colonial Athletic Association football against Rhode Island. 
King Huiwen of Zhao  (born 310 BCE - died 266 BCE, reigned 298 BCE – 266 BCE) reigned in the State of Zhao during the Warring States period of Chinese history. During his reign, the Zhao state reached its apogee, with famous administrators and generals alike such as Lin Xiangru, Lian Po, Zhao She and Li Mu. 
Archignat  is a French commune in the Allier department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of central France.
Beaulon is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Bransat is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Chavroches is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Cusset is a commune in the department of Allier, in central French region of Auvergne. Situated in the foothills of the , the city is a suburb of Vichy and ranks fourth in population for the department.
Franchesse is a commune in the Allier department in central France. The linguist Frantz Brunet (1879–1965) was born in Franchesse.
Lamaids is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Lusigny is a commune in the Allier department in central France.
Montaigu-le-Blin is a commune in the Allier department in central France. It was first mentioned in the 10th century as "Mons Acutus".
Pierrefitte-sur-Loire is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne in central France.
Saint-Nicolas-des-Biefs is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Servilly is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Treignat is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Vieure is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Barles is a French commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.
Clamensane is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Entrepierres is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Hautes-Duyes is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Mison is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Noyers-sur-Jabron is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Puimichel is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Sainte-Tulle  is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Sausses is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Thorame-Basse is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Valernes is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Dauphin is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
He currently trains marathon runner and 2016 Olympics hopeful Satoru Sasaki and runs the marathon program for the Japan Association of Athletics Federations.
Aspremont is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.
La Rochette is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France. It is located about 10km north east of Gap.
WRUV (90.1 FM) is a free format radio station. Licensed to Burlington, Vermont, United States, the station is owned by The University of Vermont.
WSKP (1180 AM; "Kool Radio") is a radio station licensed to serve Hope Valley, Rhode Island. The station is owned by John Fuller's Red Wolf Broadcasting Corporation. 
Banogne-Recouvrance is a French commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region of northern France.
Cheveuges is a commune in the Ardennes department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Flize is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France. On 1 January 2019, the former communes of Balaives-et-Butz, Boutancourt and Élan were merged into Flize.
Laval-Morency is a commune in the Ardennes department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Monthois is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Les Petites-Armoises is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Renwez is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
The Sormonne River forms most of the commune's southern border.
Le Vivier-sur-Mer  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in north-western France.
Arignac is a commune in the Ariège department in the Occitanie region of south-western France.
Auzat is a commune in the Ariège department in the Occitanie region of south-western France.
Vezin-le-Coquet  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Montgauch is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
Les Pujols is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
Unac is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
Aulnay  is a commune in the Aube department in the Grand Est region of north-central France.
Barbuise is a commune in the Aube department in the Grand Est region of north-central France.
Sens-de-Bretagne  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Donnement is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France. The main road passing through the town is the D56.
Merrey-sur-Arce is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
The Barse flows through the commune.
Ajac is a commune in the Aude department, part of the Occitanie region, southern France.
Axat  is a commune in the Aude department in the Occitanie region of southern France.
Bouisse is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Escales lies in the northernmost part of the Corbières AOC wine growing area 30 km from Narbonne to the east, and 30 km from Carcassonne to the west.
Generville is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Laprade is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Malves-en-Minervois is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Montauriol is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Ouveillan is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Peyrolles is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Rodome is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Serres is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Salinas  is a Spanish municipality in the "comarca" of Alto Vinalopó, province of Alicante, Valencian Community.
Arques is a commune in the Aveyron department in the Occitanie region of southern France.
Belmont-sur-Rance is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Meljac is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Privezac is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Saint-Parthem  is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
Viviez is a commune in the Aveyron department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Bergbieten is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Romazy  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Rimou  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Buswiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Dalhunden is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Dimbsthal  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Duppigheim  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Eschbourg  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Fouday  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Grassendorf is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Hangenbieten is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.
Herbsheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Hoffen is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Kauffenheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. It lies twenty kilometres  to the east of Haguenau, and a short distance from the main north-south autoroute in Grand Est.
Kogenheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Plesder  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Lorentzen  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Memmelshoffen  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Mutzenhouse  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Niedersteinbach is a commune in the Bas-Rhin "département" in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Odratzheim  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Ottwiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Ratzwiller  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Ringendorf is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Rothbach is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Sarrewerden  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Radio DeeJay is an Italian radio station. It was founded on 1 February 1982 by the Italian radio and television personality Claudio Cecchetto and was acquired by the Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso in 1989.
Stattmatten is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Triembach-au-Val  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Waldersbach is a French-speaking commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Weyersheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Wittisheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
Dragan Espenschied (born 1975) is an 8-bit musician and media artist who lives and works in New York City. He studied communication design at the Merz Academy in Stuttgart, Germany. 
Boisbergues is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Braux is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Mondevert  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Saint-Mesmin is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.
Trimbach is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department of the Grand Est region of France. The village is located about 10 kilometers (6.2 miles) from the German border.
Montgaillard is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Le Minihic-sur-Rance  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Page 44 were an indie rock band formed in Birmingham, England in 2004.
Hercules & Love Affair is a dance music project created by American DJ Andy Butler in 2004. Consisting of a rotating cast of performers and musicians, the band work within the genres of house music, disco, techno and nu-disco.
Bouchoir is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Antignac  is a commune in the Cantal department in the Auvergne region of south-central France.
Cassaniouze is a commune in the département of Cantal in south-central France.
Cros-de-Ronesque is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Jaleyrac  is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Laroquevieille is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Maurs is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Pleaux is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Saignes is a commune in the département of Cantal in south-central France.
Langouet  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Ussel is a commune in the département of Cantal in south-central France.
Ytrac is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Ambleville is a commune in the Charente department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
Bourseville is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Laurie is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.
Villedieu is a commune in the Cantal département in south-central France.
The United States House of Representatives elections in California, 1930 was an election for California's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 4, 1930. California's delegation remained unchanged at 10 Republicans and 1 Democrat.
Karl Harold Phillip LeVander (October 10, 1910March 30, 1992) was an American attorney and politician. A Republican, he served as the 32nd governor of Minnesota from January 2, 1967 to January 4, 1971, after defeating incumbent governor Karl Rolvaag in the 1966 election.
La Fresnais  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in north-western France.
WQNY (103.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Ithaca, New York, United States, the station serves that market and occasionally has appeared in the Elmira-Corning ratings, as the station can be heard well in the eastern and northeastern parts of that market. 
The United States House of Representatives elections in California, 1912 was an election for California's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 5, 1912. California gained three seats as a result of the 1910 Census, all of which were won by Republicans. 
Balzac is a French commune in the Charente department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Boisbreteau is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Brillac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Charras is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Brocourt is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
The United States House of Representatives elections in California, 1880 was an election for California's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 2, 1880. Democrats gained one district.
Brutelles is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Exideuil-sur-Vienne (before 2018: "Exideuil") is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Les Gours is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Lachaise is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Mansle is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France. It is about 20 km north of Angoulême on the main N10 road.
Montignac-Charente is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Oradour, commonly called Oradour-d'Aigre, is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Bussus-Bussuel is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Saint-Brice  is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France. It is named after Saint Brice of Tours.
Tusson is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Vignolles is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Angoulins is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of southwestern France.
Balanzac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Bougneau is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Bussac-sur-Charente is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
La Chapelle-des-Pots is a commune in the center-east of the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France, in the former province of Saintonge.
La Couarde-sur-Mer is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. It is situated on the Île de Ré.
Dampierre-sur-Boutonne is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Geay is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Loire-les-Marais is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Massac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Moragne is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Pommiers-Moulons is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Rouffignac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Saint-Genis-de-Saintonge is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Saint-Loup is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Saint-Saturnin-du-Bois is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Saint-Xandre is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Tesson is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
La Vergne is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Bonneuil is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
Saint-Romain  is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
WSEN (103.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Mexico, New York, United States. The station serves the Syracuse area and is currently owned by Renard Communications Corporation, wholly owned by Craig Fox. 
Sainte-Radegonde is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Anthony Lamar Tolliver (born June 1, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Portland Trail Blazers of the National Basketball Association . He played college basketball for Creighton University. He went to high school at Kickapoo High School.
Canaples is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Cardonnette is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Brinay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Contres is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Osmoy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Saint-Palais is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Grandsaigne is a commune in the Corrèze department of central France.
XHJUA-FM 100.7 is a radio station in Guanajuato, Guanajuato. It is the flagship of the Radio Universidad de Guanajuato service, which is also relayed on XEUG-AM 970 in Guanajuato, XHLTO-FM 91.1 in León and XHSML-FM 91.3 in San Miguel de Allende.
Ota is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.
Asco is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Croce is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Piano is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
WYNR (102.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Waycross, Georgia, United States, the station serves the Brunswick, Georgia/Jacksonville, Florida area. 
Moses Masika Wetangula (born 13 September 1956) is a Kenyan politician. He served in the government of Kenya as Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2008 to 2010 and from 2011 to 2012, and he was Minister for Trade from 2012 to 2013.
Domalain  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Chartres-de-Bretagne  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Mandurah City Football Club is an Australian semi-professional football  club based in Mandurah, Western Australia. Their home ground is Peelwood Reserve in Halls Head.
Saint-Onen-la-Chapelle  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
The Maryland Drydock Company was a shipbuilding company that operated in Baltimore, Maryland during the 20th century. 
Sainte-Colombe  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
KJJZ (95.9 MHz) is a 1.75 kW Class A FM commercial radio station licensed to Indian Wells, California and broadcasting to the greater Coachella Valley and the Morongo Basin of California. KJJZ airs a soft adult contemporary music format branded as KOOL 95.9 FM.
Bugeat  is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its inhabitants are called "les Bugeacois" and "les Bugeacoises".
Bassignac-le-Bas is a commune in the Corrèze department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of central France.
Cherisy is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Barlieu is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Bouzais is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Charentonnay is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Couy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Fussy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Ineuil is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Loye-sur-Arnon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Menetou-Salon is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France. Inhabitants of the area are known as "Monestrosaloniens".
Neuvy-le-Barrois is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Poisieux is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Saint-Baudel is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Saint-Hilaire-de-Court is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Saugy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
Sury-en-Vaux is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.
The California coastal sage and chaparral, a sub-ecoregion of the California chaparral and woodlands ecoregion, is found in southwestern California and northwestern Baja California in Mexico.
The Independent Network  is a United Kingdom-based non-profit organisation supporting independent politicians and political candidates.
Sociedade Desportiva Serra Futebol Clube, usually known simply as Serra is a Brazilian football club from Serra, Espírito Santo state. The club won the Campeonato Capixaba six times.
Daniel John Wilson (born 27 December 1991) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a centre back for Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer.
Bower is a town in South Australia, approximately halfway between Eudunda and Morgan on the Thiele Highway.
Mette Frederiksen (; born 19 November 1977) is a Danish politician who is the Prime Minister of Denmark since 2019. A member of the Folketing since the 2001 general election, she served under Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt as Minister of Employment from 2011 to 2014 and Minister of Justice from 2014 until she succeeded her as party leader.
Luciana Clare Berger (born 13 May 1981) is a British politician serving as an Independent Member of Parliament  for Liverpool Wavertree since 2010.
Warnes is a town in Bolivia, named after Colonel Ignacio Warnes, a military leader in the South American war of independence. It is located 24 kilometers north of Santa Cruz de la Sierra. 
Sublime with Rome is a musical collaboration between Eric Wilson, formerly of the American ska punk band Sublime, and singer and guitarist Rome Ramirez. The group's name is not only a reference to the singer's first name, but to the fact that they chiefly perform songs by the original Sublime, which was fronted by Bradley Nowell until his death in 1996.
The Mattequartier is a historic section in the Old City of Bern in Bern, Switzerland.
Al-Oruba Club is the team advanced in the Yemeni League in the football. A new club with a long history is the result of integrating the Al-Amn Al-Markazi Club, a Al-Sbaeen Club sport, and Kaalaty sports history:
The Iron Range Historical Society is an historical society that operates a research library in McKinley, Minnesota. The society is a non-profit organization that exists through donations and volunteers. 
Philomel Books is a children's literature imprint of Penguin Books USA. The imprint was founded by Ann Beneduce, who was succeeded as publisher by Patricia Lee Gauch. 
Prince Karl Franz of Prussia (15 December 1916 – 23 January 1975) was the only child of Prince Joachim of Prussia and his wife Princess Marie-Auguste of Anhalt. He was also the grandson of Wilhelm II, German Emperor, himself a grandson of Queen Victoria, which made Prince Karl a great-great-grandson of the British queen.
Giovanni Invernizzi (; 26 August 1931 – 28 February 2005) was an Italian professional football player and coach, who played as a midfielder.
Avrankou Omnisport FC are a Beninese football club based in Avrankou. They currently play in the Benin Premier League for 2014–15 season.
The Western Rocks are a group of uninhabited islands and rocks in the south–western part of the Isles of Scilly, United Kingdom, and are renowned for the numerous shipwrecks in the area and the nearby Bishop Rock lighthouse. In 1971, the rocks and islands were designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest for their breeding sea birds. 
KTTT (1510 AM, "AM 1510 K Triple T") is a radio station broadcasting a classic country format. Licensed to Columbus, Nebraska, United States, the station is currently owned by Alpha Media, through licensee Alpha 3E Licensee, LLC.
Ram Trucks, stylized as RAM and formally known as the Ram Truck Division, is an American brand of light to mid-weight commercial vehicles established in 2010 as a division of FCA US LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Italian-American corporation Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. It was spun-off from Dodge marque, using the name of the Ram Pickup line of trucks. 
The Academy of Fine Arts Zagreb  is a Croatian art school based in Zagreb. It is one of the three art academies affiliated with the University of Zagreb, along with the Academy of Dramatic Art  and the Academy of Music . 
Caraga State University  is a state-controlled university in Agusan del Norte, Philippines. Its main campus is in Ampayon, Butuan City with an auxiliary campus in Cabadbaran City.
Nilahue River is an Andean river in Lago Ranco commune in south-central Chile.
Count Heinrich II of Virneburg  (1244 or 1246 – 5 January 1332) was Archbishop of Cologne from 1304 to his death in 1332.
Kalkidan Gezahegne (born 8 May 1991) is an Ethiopian middle distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres.
WDKE (96.1 FM; "Duke FM") is a radio station broadcasting a classic country format. Licensed to Coleraine, Minnesota, United States, the station serves the Iron Range area. Established in 1995 as KGPZ, the station is owned by Midwest Communications.
The Democracy Party of Iran  is an Iranian reformist political party that split from the Islamic Iran Solidarity Party in 2000.
Yekaterina Vladimirovna Shikhova (; born 25 June 1985) is a Russian speed skater. She won a team bronze medal at the 2014 Winter Olympics, and an individual allround bronze medal at the 2013 World Championships.
Fort Sumner Municipal Airport is a village owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) northeast of the central business district of Fort Sumner, a village in De Baca County, New Mexico, United States. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" airport.
The Ochtum is a river in Lower Saxony and Bremen, Germany. Roughly long, it is a left tributary of the Weser.
SC Olkom Melitopol was a Ukrainian football club based in Melitopol.
Mark Dearey (born 19 March 1963) is an Irish Green Party politician who has served as a Louth County Councillor for Dundalk-Carlingford since 2014.
The Latvia national under-19 football team is the national under-19 football team of Latvia and is controlled by the Latvian Football Federation.
Hochschule für Technik und Wirtschaft  or HTW Berlin in Berlin, Germany is the largest public University of Applied Sciences in Berlin and Eastern Germany. It has over 13,000 students and 75 programs in areas of engineering, computer science, business, culture and design.
The Tamnavulin distillery is a producer of single malt Scotch whisky that was founded in 1966.
Allen/Lande or Allen-Lande is an international hard rock/heavy metal supergroup formed in 2005 by Italian record company Frontiers. Although the band was originally from Italy, none of the band members are Italian. It takes its name from its two singers, Symphony X vocalist Russell Allen and former Masterplan vocalist Jørn Lande.
The Park Hotels is a collection of contemporary luxury five-star boutique hotels in India belonging to the Apeejay Surrendra Group, headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal, India. These hotels are located in Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Navi Mumbai, New Delhi, Visakhapatnam and Goa. 
KAJE (107.3 MHz, "My Country 107.3") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Ingleside, Texas. The station serves the Corpus Christi metropolitan area with a classic country radio format. 
Curt Meyer-Clason (Ludwigsburg, 19 September 1910 – Munich, 13 January 2012) was a German writer and translator.
Vasile Ursu is a Moldovan politician.
Sophia Institute Press is a non-profit publishing company based in Bedford, New Hampshire, United States. 
Sacca Sessola loosely translated as "Scoop Bag"  is an island in the Venetian Lagoon, northern Italy.
Wilhelm Freiherr von Roggendorf (1481–1541) was an Austrian military commander and Hofmeister.
EE-Media is a C-pop  record label, founded in China 2004 by Long Danni under the parent company Hunan Broadcasting System.
Smalyavichy  is a city in Minsk Voblast, Belarus, capital of the Smalyavichy Raion. It is situated by the Plisa River.
The Huddersfield Town Development Squad are the reserve team of the Premiership club Huddersfield Town. They play competitively as the Huddersfield Town Under 21s in the Professional Development League 2 Northern Division, of which they finished 1st in the 2013-14 season, but then proceeded to lose the nationwide play-off semi-final against Queens Park Rangers.
Mark Davies (born 12 May 1959) is a British Roman Catholic prelate. He is the 11th Bishop of the Diocese of Shrewsbury in the Province of Birmingham, England.
Uttarakhand Open University  is a State Open University located in the city of Haldwani in the Indian state of Uttarakhand. 
The 2010 House election in Wyoming was held on November 2, 2010 and determined who would represent the state of Wyoming in the United States House of Representatives. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; the elected served in the 112th Congress from January 4, 2011 until January 3, 2013. 
W241AP is a news/talk formatted broadcast translator licensed to Midlothian, Virginia, serving Central Virginia. W241AP is owned and operated by Entercom.
Royal Sporting Club Anderlecht, usually known as Anderlecht  or RSCA , is a Belgian professional football club based in Anderlecht, Brussels Capital-Region. Anderlecht plays in the Belgian First Division A and is the most successful Belgian football team in European competitions, with five trophies, as well as in the Belgian domestic league, with 34 championship wins. 
Charles Peter Kennedy (25 November 1959 – 1 June 2015) was a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician who was Leader of the Liberal Democrats from 1999 to 2006, and a Member of Parliament  from 1983 to 2015, latterly for the Ross, Skye and Lochaber constituency.
The Belgian Comic Strip Center  is a museum in Brussels dedicated to Belgian comics. It is located on / 20, and is served by the Brussels-Congress railway station.
Lentini , historically Leontini or Leontinoi , is a town and "comune" in the Province of Syracuse, South East of Sicily .
WLLI (1390 AM, "Willie 94") is a radio station broadcasting a classic country format. Licensed to Jackson, Tennessee, United States, the station is currently owned by Forever South Licenses, LLC.
Mountain Park is a city primarily in the western part of northern Fulton County in the U.S. state of Georgia, with a small portion extending less than into southeastern Cherokee County. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 547.
William Philip Gislingham (About 1874 London, England – 31 Dec 1957 London, Middlesex, England) was a British circus clown, acrobat  and, using the name W.P. Kelino, film director. He was the father of the cinematographer Roy Kellino.
Le Chant du monde is the oldest French music publishing house in existence. It was created in 1938 by Léon Moussinac and was supported in the beginning by classical composers Georges Auric, Arthur Honegger, Charles Koechlin, Darius Milhaud, Francis Poulenc, Albert Roussel, and conductors Roger Désormière and Manuel Rosenthal.
Horse Guards Avenue is a road in the City of Westminster, London, linking the major thoroughfares of Whitehall and Victoria Embankment, to the east of the Horse Guards building and parade area. The entrance of the Main Building of the Ministry of Defence , flanked by its monumental "Earth" and "Water" statues, opens onto the Avenue. 
Richard John Santorum (born May 10, 1958) is an American politician, attorney, author, and political commentator. A member of the Republican Party, he served as a United States Senator from Pennsylvania from 1995 to 2007 and was the Senate's third-ranking Republican from 2001 to 2007. Santorum ran for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination, finishing second to Mitt Romney.
WOOP-LP (99.9 FM, "America's Original Music") is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Cleveland, Tennessee, United States, the station is currently owned by Traditional Music Resource Center, Inc.
WWGM (93.9 FM, "The FOX") is a radio station broadcasting a rock music format. Licensed to Selmer, Tennessee, United States, the station debuted a new format of rock music and rebranded itself as "939 The Fox". 
The Catholic University of Salvador  is a private and non-profit Catholic university, located in Salvador, the first capital of Brazil, and third largest city. It is maintained by the Catholic Archdiocese of Salvador.
Alireza Faghani (, born 21 March 1978) is an Iranian international football referee who has been officiating in the Persian Gulf Pro League for several seasons and has been on the FIFA list since 2008. Faghani has refereed important matches such as the 2014 AFC Champions League Final, the 2015 AFC Asian Cup Final, the 2015 FIFA Club World Cup Final , the 2016 Olympic football final match. He has refereed matches in the 2017 Liga 1 , 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup, 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia and the 2019 AFC Asian Cup.
Sadullah Ergin (born 6 July 1964) is a Turkish politician.
WXKV (90.5 FM, "K-LOVE") is a radio station broadcasting a contemporary Christian music format. Licensed to Selmer, Tennessee, United States, the station is currently owned by Educational Media Foundation.
Carisbrook is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on the Pyrenees Highway, east of the regional and local government centre of Maryborough, in the Shire of Central Goldfields. At the 2006 census, Carisbrook had a population of 713.
Hafsia Herzi (born 25 January 1987) is a French actress and film director of Algerian and Tunisian descent. She is best known for her debut role in the award-winning Franco-Tunisian feature "The Secret of the Grain" for which she won the award for most promising actress at the César Awards 2008, and the Marcello Mastroianni award, for best emerging actor or actress at the 64th Venice International Film Festival.
Armin Falk (born 18 January 1968) is a German economist. He holds a chair at the University of Bonn since 2003.
Tsiolkovsky  is a closed town in Amur Oblast, Russia, located on the Bolshaya Pyora River , from the border with China and north of Blagoveshchensk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: The town serves the nearby spaceport, Vostochny Cosmodrome.
Rabbi Ilai  was a third Generation, and 2nd-century Jewish Tanna sage, father of the well-known Tanna sage, Judah ben Ilai, and disciple of Eliezer ben Hurcanus and Gamaliel II. 
Vincent Millot (; born 30 January 1986, in Montpellier, France) is a French professional tennis player.
Dot Hacker is an American experimental rock band from California, formed in 2008. The band consists of Josh Klinghoffer , Clint Walsh , Jonathan Hischke  and Eric Gardner .
The Tamil National Liberation Alliance  was a Sri Lankan political alliance representing the Sri Lankan Tamil ethnic minority in the country. It was launched on 22 February 2010 as breakaway faction of the Tamil National Alliance . 
7 Walkers was an American rock band featuring former Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann, guitarist Papa Mali, multi-instrumentalist Matt Hubbard and bassist George Porter Jr.
KIX is a Southeast Asian pay television channel owned by Celestial Tiger Entertainment. Its programming is targeted towards 18- to 45-year-old adults. 
Mariabad is an inner eastern suburb of Quetta, capital of Pakistan's Balochistan province. The majority of the population are Hazara people. 
The All Malaysia Indian Progressive Front , abbrev: AMIPF, or better known just as the "Indian Progressive Front" , is a Malaysian political party. It is a splinter party of the Malaysian Indian Congress  formed by M. G. Pandithan in 1990. 
Stephen James Lippard is the Arthur Amos Noyes Emeritus Professor of Chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is considered one of the founders of bioinorganic chemistry, studying the interactions of nonliving substances such as metals with biological systems.
Mosby is an academic publisher of textbooks and academic journals based in the United States.
Peter Gene Hernandez (born October 8, 1985), known professionally as Bruno Mars, is an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and dancer. He is known for his stage performances, retro showmanship and for performing in a wide range of musical styles, including R&B, funk, pop, soul, reggae, hip hop, and rock. 
Tomori Stadium  is a multi-use stadium in Berat, Albania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Tomori. 
Nicholas Lawrence Bonino (born April 20, 1988) is an American professional ice hockey center for the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League . He has also played for the Anaheim Ducks, Vancouver Canucks and Pittsburgh Penguins. Bonino was born in Hartford, Connecticut and grew up in Farmington, Connecticut.
Simeon ben Eleazar  was a Jewish Tanna sage of the fifth generation.
Cecilia Cheung Pak-chi (, born 24 May 1980) is a Hong Kong-Australian actress and cantopop singer. Cheung is considered a "Sing girl"—an actress who first received media attention through starring alongside Stephen Chow, and later went on to her own successful career.
The was a minor political party in Japan.
The Hongorai River is a river on the southern coast of Bougainville Island.
Forest Range is a small town in the Adelaide Hills, South Australia.
Horst Jakob Rosenkranz (born 16 April 1943 in Harmannsdorf, Lower Austria) is an extreme right publisher and former politician in Austria. He is married to Freedom Party  leader Barbara Rosenkranz.
Antigua Barracuda were an Antiguan professional soccer team based in St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda. Founded in 2010, the team played in USL Pro, the third tier of the United States soccer league system from 2011 to 2013.
North Koel River flows through the Indian state of Jharkhand.
Laura Natalie Siegemund (born 4 March 1988 in Filderstadt) is a German professional tennis player.
The Keele River is a tributary of the Mackenzie River, about long, in the western part of the Canadian Northwest Territories. Flowing in a generally northeast direction, it drains a sparsely populated, rugged area of the Mackenzie Mountains.
The Lilājan River  is a river that flows through the Chatra and Gaya districts in the Indian states of Jharkhand and Bihar. It is also referred to as the Nilanjan, Niranjan or Falgu River.
Ian Tattersall (born 1945) is a British-born American paleoanthropologist and a curator emeritus with the American Museum of Natural History in New York City, New York. In addition to human evolution, Tattersall has worked extensively with lemurs. Tattersall is currently working with The Templeton Foundation.
Zoilo Lucas Saldombide  (March 18, 1905 - December 4, 1981) was a Uruguayan footballer. He was part of the team that won the first ever World Cup in 1930 for Uruguay, but he did not play any matches in the tournament. He was a club player of Montevideo Wanderers and Nacional.
Chanthaburi Football Club  is a Thai professional football club based in Chanthaburi Province. The club currently plays in the Thai League 4 Eastern Region.
Nora Nova  (born 8 May 1928) is a Bulgarian-born singer. She was the first Bulgarian to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest 1964, although she then represented West Germany.
Phitsanulok Football Club , or Phitsanulok Football Club 2015, formerly Phitsanulok TSY Football Club, is a Thai semi professional football club based in city of Phitsanulok in Phitsanulok Province. The club currently plays in the Thai League 4 Northern Region.
The Bushwackers Band, often simply "The Bushwackers", is an Australian folk and country music band or Bush band founded at La Trobe University in Melbourne in 1971.
Pacific Coast Jet manages and operates private jets based in the San Francisco Bay area and is focused on Cessna Citation Mustang, Embraer Phenom 100, and Eclipse 500 jets.
The Subbaetic or Sub-Baetic System  is one of the three systems of mountain ranges of the Baetic System in the southern Iberian Peninsula. Highest point high Peña de la Cruz in Sierra Arana. 
Josef Stalder (6 February 1919 – 2 March 1991) was a Swiss gymnast and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, where he received a gold medal on the horizontal bar, a silver medal in team combined exercises, and a bronze medal on the parallel bars. 
The San Jose State Spartans football team represents San José State University in NCAA Division I FBS college football as a member of the Mountain West Conference.
The New Zealand Under-23 Football Team, informally known as the "Oly-Whites", represents New Zealand Football and New Zealand in international Under-23 football  events, such as the Summer Olympics.
China International Marine Containers  Co., Ltd   is a Chinese company principally engaged in the manufacture and sale of transportation equipment, such as containers, road transport vehicles and airport ground-handling equipment.
Doris Chepkwemoi Changeywo (born 12 December 1984 in Chebyuk, Mount Elgon District) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specialises in the 10,000 metres and cross country running.
The Indians are an uninhabited small archipelago of islets in the British Virgin Islands in the Caribbean. They are west of the small British Pelican Island and east of the small US Flanagan Island. 
Henri Daniel-Rops (Épinal, 19 January 1901 – Aix-les-Bains, 27 July 1965) was a French Roman Catholic writer and historian whose real name was Henri Petiot.
Alan Yelizbarovich Dzagoev (, ; ; romanized as Dzagoyev; born 17 June 1990) is a Russian international footballer who plays as a central midfielder for PFC CSKA Moscow and the Russia national football team.
Joseph Smith often known as Consul Smith, (ca 1682 – Venice, 6 November 1770), the British consul at Venice, 1744–1760, was a patron of artists, most notably Canaletto, and a collector and connoisseur, banker to the British community at Venice and a major draw on the British Grand Tour. His collection of drawings were bought for George III of Great Britain and form a nucleus of the Royal Collection of drawings in the Print Room at Windsor Castle.
Chiangmai Football Club  is a Thai professional football club based in Chiang Mai Province, a province located in the very northern part of Thailand. The club plays in Thai League 1. Their main home ground at 700th Anniversary Stadium.
Sakon Nakhon Football Club , is a Thai semi professional football club based in Sakon Nakhon Province. The club currently plays in Thai League 4 North Eastern Region.
Konstantin Viktorovich Rausch (, ; born 15 March 1990) is a Russian-German professional footballer of German ancestry who plays as a left back for Russian Premier League side Dynamo Moscow and the Russia national team. He has also operated as a left midfielder.
KDCZ (107.7 FM, "Z Rock 107.7") is a radio station broadcasting a mainstream rock format. KDCZ is licensed to St. Charles, Minnesota, and serves the Rochester, Minnesota metropolitan area. The station is owned by Townsquare Media.
Aristeidis  Grigoriadis  (born 6 December 1985) is a Greek swimmer from Thessaloniki.
El Loa Airport  , is the major airport serving Calama, a city in the Antofagasta Region of Chile. It is one of the largest airports in Chile.
Duke of York Bay is an arm of Foxe Basin, in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It is located in northeastern Southampton Island. The bay is directly south of the southern end of White Island, with Comer Strait at the western entrance and Falcon Strait at the eastern entrance.
Tres de Mayo Airport is an airport serving the town of Puerto Asís in the Putumayo District of Colombia.
Guasdualito Airport , also known as "Vare Maria Airport", is an airport serving Guasdualito in the Apure state of Venezuela.
Ocean Reef Club Airport is a private-use airport located northeast of the central business district of the island of Key Largo in Monroe County, Florida, United States. The airport is privately owned.
Universiti Malaysia Sarawak  is a Malaysian public university located in Kota Samarahan, Sarawak. UNIMAS was officially incorporated on 24 December 1992. 
The River Lyde is a river in Buckinghamshire and tributary of the River Thame. It rises at springs in Bledlow  then flows due north west to join the Cuttle Brook about a mile east of Towersey in Oxfordshire. It then goes to the north of Thame to join the River Thame.
Meghan Marguerite McCain (born October 23, 1984) is an American columnist, author, co-host of "The View," and an ABC News contributor.
Ahmed Shawki Museum is a writer's house museum dedicated to the poet and dramatist Ahmed Shawki (1869–1932).
Taha Hussein Museum is a historic house museum and biographical museum in Cairo, Egypt.
Didrichsen Art Museum  is an art museum in Helsinki, Finland. 
The Museum of Popular Music Instruments , is a museum and Research Centre for Ethnomusicology in the Lassanis Mansion, Plaka, Athens, Greece. It displays about 600 Greek musical instruments from the last 300 years and has as many more in store.
Torralba is a municipality in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It had a population of 191 in 2004.
Svetlana Vladimirovna Medvedeva (, ; née Linnik, ; born 15 March 1965) is the wife of current Russian Prime Minister and former President, Dmitry Medvedev.
Alexis Kay'ree Hornbuckle (born October 16, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who played several seasons in the Women's National Basketball Association. She is the only player to win a NCAA title and WNBA title in the same year (2008 - with the University of Tennessee and the Detroit Shock).
Tamera Young (born October 30, 1986) is an American basketball player for the Las Vegas Aces of the Women's National Basketball Association .
Jean-Loup Dabadie (born 27 September 1938) is a French journalist, writer, lyricist, award-winning screenwriter and member of the Académie française.
Moodie Island is one of Baffin Island's small, uninhabited, offshore islands and is a part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago within the territory of Nunavut. Located on the southern side of Cumberland Sound, it separates Littlecote Channel to the west from Neptune Bay to the east.
White Lies are an English post-punk band from Ealing, London. Formerly known as Fear of Flying, the core band members are Harry McVeigh , Charles Cave , and Jack Lawrence-Brown . 
Fetter Lane is a street in the ward of Farringdon Without in the City of London. It forms part of the A4 road and runs between Fleet Street at its southern end and New Fetter Lane, which continues north towards Holborn Circus.
Jungle Rot is an American death metal band from Kenosha, Wisconsin, United States, formed in 1992.
WYFN (980 AM) is a radio station serving the Nashville, Tennessee area with a religious radio format. It is a Bible Broadcasting Network  owned-and-operated station.
CHBD-FM (92.7 FM, "Pure Country 92.7") is a radio station in Regina, Saskatchewan. Owned by Bell Media, it broadcasts a country music format. Its studios are located at 4303 Albert Street in south Regina.
WLOG (89.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Markleysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. The station is currently owned by Edgewater Broadcasting, Inc.
Chun In-soo (born July 13, 1965) is a South Korean archer and Olympic champion. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, and won a gold medal with the South Korean archery team.
Wabtec Corporation  is an American company formed by the merger of the Westinghouse Air Brake Company  and MotivePower Industries Corporation in 1999. It is headquartered in the Pittsburgh suburb of Wilmerding, Pennsylvania, USA.
Jessica Adele Hardy (born March 12, 1987) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in breaststroke and freestyle events. Hardy earned a bronze medal in the 4×100-meter freestyle and a gold medal in the 4×100-meter medley relays at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Sa Dingding , ) is a Chinese folk singer and songwriter. She is of mixed Han Chinese and Mongol ancestry, and sings in languages including Mandarin Chinese, English, Sanskrit, Standard Tibetan, as well as an imaginary self-created language to evoke emotions in her songs. 
Yevgeny Yevgeniyevich Korotyshkin, occasionally spelled "Evgeny",  (born 30 April 1983) is a Russian swimmer from Moscow. He specialises in the butterfly stroke, winning the silver medal in the 100 m butterfly at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Aramean Democratic Organization   also known as ArDO, was founded in 1988 and is a Syriac Aramean political party in Lebanon.
Foley Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) northwest of the central business district of Foley, a city in Baldwin County, Alabama, United States.
Lanett Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Lanett, a city in Chambers County, Alabama, United States. According to the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013, it is categorized as a "general aviation" facility.
Coolidge Municipal Airport is a city-owned public airport southeast of Coolidge, in Pinal County, Arizona.
North Pickens Airport is a county-owned public-use airport in Pickens County, Alabama, United States. It is located one nautical mile (1.15 mi, 1.85 km) north of the central business district of Reform, Alabama. The airport is included in the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
1485 ABC Eyre Peninsula & West Coast to give it its full name, is an ABC Local Radio station based in Port Lincoln, South Australia. The station broadcasts to the Eyre Peninsula and western coastal region of South Australia, including the towns of Tumby Bay, Cummins, Ceduna and Streaky Bay.
3PAR Inc. was a manufacturer of systems and software for data storage and information management headquartered in Fremont, California, USA. 3PAR produced computer data storage products, including hardware disk arrays and storage management software.
Lesley Leigh Bush (born September 17, 1947) is an American diver and Olympic champion. She represented the USA at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, where she received a gold medal in Platform Diving. 
The Hongu River is a major river and valley in the Sankhuwasawa District. It is a tributary of the Hinku River, which subsequently flows into the Dudh Kosi.
The Federation of State Medical Boards  of the United States is a national non-profit organization that represents the 70 state medical and osteopathic boards of the United States and its territories and co-sponsors the United States Medical Licensing Examination. Medical boards license physicians, investigate complaints, discipline those who violate the law, conduct physician evaluations, and facilitate the rehabilitation of physicians where appropriate. 
Matthias Kaburek (9 February 1911 – 17 February 1976) was an Austrian football player.
The San Diego Museum of Man is a museum of anthropology located in Balboa Park, San Diego, California and housed in the historic landmark buildings of the California Quadrangle.
Asira ash-Shamaliya  is a Palestinian town in the Nablus Governorate, located 3.5 kilometers north of Nablus in the northern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of approximately 7,556 inhabitants in 2007.
KFXR-FM (107.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Chinle, Arizona. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and licensed to CC Licenses, LLC. It airs a Country music format.
Patrice Neveu (born 29 March 1954) is a French football coach and former player. who manages the national team of Gabon.
Huang Bowen (; born 13 July 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League. He holds the record as the youngest ever goalscorer in top tier Chinese football aged 16 years and 317 days.
Hubert Baumgartner (born 25 February 1955) is an Austrian former football player and manager. As a player, Baumgartner played professionally as a goalkeeper in both Austria and Spain; he also played at international level and was a squad member at the 1978 FIFA World Cup. 
The Seoul Museum of Art is an art museum operated by Seoul City Council and located in central of Seoul, South Korea. 
KRDA is licensed to Clovis, California. It serves the Fresno, California, area and broadcasts at 92.1 FM. 
The Kamma Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County and Humboldt County, Nevada. The ghost town and railroad siding at Sulphur, Nevada is on the west side of the Kamma Mountains at the eastern edge of the Black Rock Desert playa.
ABC North Queensland is an ABC Local Radio station based in Townsville broadcasting to North Queensland. This includes the towns of Bowen, Charters Towers, Ingham and Ayr.
In September 1939, when the Second World War begun, then General Alfred Keller commanded the 4th Air Corps during the invasion of Poland, assuming this command on 13 October 1939. The following campaigns, during campaigns against Norway, the Netherlands, Belgium and the Battle of France, he commanded "Luftflotte 2" with General Albert Kesselring as his superior. 
2WZD, which is branded as hit93.1 Riverina, is an Australian radio station that transmits on 93.1 MHz FM and is owned by Southern Cross Media.
Antonio J. Ledesma (born March 28, 1943) is a Filipino Roman Catholic clergyman who is currently the Archbishop of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro in the Philippines.
Cow Island is a island in Casco Bay, Maine, off Great Diamond Island, about northeast of downtown Portland, and is part of the Town of Long Island in Cumberland County. A non-profit youth development organization called Rippleffect owns the island and has the responsibility to protect the island's natural ecosystem as well as the island's public access. 
KLNQ (106.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian contemporary format as an affiliate of K-LOVE. Licensed to Atlanta, Louisiana, United States, the station serves Natchitoches and surrounding areas. The station is currently owned by Educational Media Foundation.
The Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, commonly known as MPEA or McPier, is a corporation that owns Navy Pier and McCormick Place in Chicago. It also manages the city's collection of taxes for vehicles picking up passengers  for O'Hare International Airport and Midway International Airport.
Yves Boisset (born 14 March 1939) is a French film director and scriptwriter.
Transvolga Region or Transvolga  is a territory to the East of Volga River bounded by Volga, Ural Mountains, Northern Ridge, and Caspian Depression.
KZAR (97.7 FM) is an Air 1 affiliate radio station licensed to McQueeney, Texas, United States. The station serves the San Antonio area with a Christian Worship format. The station is currently owned by Educational Media Foundation.
KTYL-FM (93.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40  format to the Tyler-Longview, Texas area. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and is licensed to Townsquare Media Tyler License, LLC. 
Sharon Lynn Wichman (born May 13, 1952), also known her married name Sharon Jones, is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic champion.
Buturlinovka  is a town in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, on the Ossered River, a tributary of the Don. It serves as the administrative center of Buturlinovsky District. Its population stands at about 25,000.
WYTE (106.5 FM, Y106.5) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Marshfield, Wisconsin, United States, the station serves the Wausau-Stevens Point area. The station is currently owned by NRG Media, LLC.
The Libertarian Party of Kansas  is the Kansas affiliate of the Libertarian Party. Since 2007 the Libertarian Party of Kansas has been the fastest growing political party in the state of Kansas. 
Outer Sister Island, part of the Sister Islands Conservation Area, is a granite and dolerite island, with an area of , located in Bass Strait, Tasmania, Australia. 
Panargiakos Football Club is a Greek football club, based in Argos, Greece. The association was founded in 1926. The club is a founder member of the Argolida Football Clubs Association.
KMYY (92.3 FM, 92.3 "The Wolf") is a hot country music formatted radio station broadcasting in the Monroe, Louisiana, radio market. It is owned by Mapleton Communications, through licensee Mapleton License of Monroe, LLC.
The Blackall Range is a mountain range in South East Queensland, Australia. The first European explorer in the area was Ludwig Leichhardt. It was named after Samuel Blackall, the second Governor of Queensland.
John Joseph "John Joe" Nevin (born 7 June 1988), is an Irish professional boxer. He is a two-time Olympian, and a London 2012 silver medalist.
Blue Heron, also known as Mine 18, is a former coal mining community or coal town on the banks of the Big South Fork of the Cumberland River in McCreary County, Kentucky, United States, that has been recreated and is maintained as an interpretive history area in the Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area.
Desmond Evelyn Otho Cockburn Dickinson B.S.C. (1902–1986) was a British cinematographer.
AutoWeb  is an automotive media and marketing services company based in Irvine, California.
Plai Nern Palace  is a former residence of Prince Narisara Nuwattiwong, who was the son of King Mongkut in Khlong Toei District, Bangkok. The palace was built in 1914. 
The Southeast Asian Ceramics Museum is a history museum in Bangkok University, Pathum Thani, Thailand, displaying Southeast Asian ceramics.
The Twin Islands  are similarly shaped Arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. They are located in central James Bay, north east of Akimiski Island, and west of Quebec. The group includes North Twin and South Twin islands.
Leopold Hasner von Artha (15 March 1818, Prague – 5 June 1891, Bad Ischl) was an Austrian civil servant and statesman. He served as the 4th Minister-President of Cisleithania.
Robert Arthur Kardashian (born March 17, 1987) is an American television personality and businessman. He is known for appearing on "Keeping Up with the Kardashians", a reality television series that centers upon his family, as well as its spin-offs. 
The Roe River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.
Gadsden State Community College is a community college in Gadsden, Anniston, and Centre, Alabama. The college's service area includes Calhoun, Cherokee, Cleburne, Etowah, and parts of St. Clair counties.
Unión Deportiva Los Barrios is a Spanish football team based in Los Barrios, Province of Cádiz, in the autonomous community of Andalusia. Founded in 1993, it plays in Tercera División – Group 10, the sixth level of football in Spain. The team holds home games at "Estadio San Rafael", with a 3,000-seat capacity.
Beatrice Heuser (born 15 March 1961 in Bangkok), is an historian and political scientist. She holds the chair of International Relations at the University of Glasgow.
The Broadmeadow Basketball Stadium, also known as the Newcastle Basketball Stadium, is an indoor basketball stadium located in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia and was the original home of the Newcastle Falcons of the National Basketball League from the origin of the league in 1979 until they moved to the newly built Newcastle Entertainment Centre in 1992. The stadium is currently the home of the Newcastle Basketball Association and can hold approximately 2,200 spectators.
FC Zarya Leninsk-Kuznetsky  is an association football team from Leninsk-Kuznetsky, Russia. It played professionally from 1990 to 1999 and from 2005 to 2007, including 5 seasons (1993–1997) in the second-highest Russian First Division.
FK Radnik Surdulica  is a professional football club based in Surdulica, Serbia. They currently compete in the Serbian SuperLiga, the highest level of the national league system.
Presidential Palace Historical Site , which is located in Hanoi, Vietnam, is the place where Ho Chi Minh lived and worked in most of his revolutionary life (from December 19, 1954, to September 2, 1969). This site was listed by the Ministry of Culture and Information of Vietnam in 1975.
Aruba Networks, formerly known as Aruba Wireless Networks, is a Santa Clara, California-based wireless networking subsidiary of Hewlett Packard Enterprise company. 
Nina Alexeevna Zhuk  (, born 9 July 1934 in Savino, Yaroslavl Oblast) is a pair skater who represented the Soviet Union in competition. With skating partner and husband Stanislav Zhuk, she is the 1958-1960 European silver medalist. They placed 6th at the 1960 Winter Olympics.
Gabala City Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Gabala, Azerbaijan. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Gabala FK. 
Louis Emile Marie Madelin (8 May 1871 – 18 August 1956) was a French historian  and a Republican Federation deputy for Vosges from 1924 to 1928. He is buried at the Cimetière de Grenelle.
Frank Joseph Caggiano (born March 29, 1959) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He currently serves as the Bishop of Bridgeport. 
Pou Chen Corporation  (Taiwan Stock Exchange Stock Code: 9904), or Pou Chen, is a leading footwear manufacturer in Taiwan, and the largest branded athletic and casual footwear manufacturer in the world. It is headquartered in Taichung City, Taiwan.
The Fitzroy River, a perennial river of the Glenelg Hopkins catchment, is located in the Western District of Victoria, Australia.
Nneka Egbuna (born 24 December 1980) is a Nigerian singer, songwriter and actress. She sings in English, Igbo and Nigerian Pidgin.
Princess Marie Adelheid Amalie "Clotilde" of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, full German name: "Marie Adelheid Amalie Clotilde, Prinzessin von Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha, Herzogin zu Sachsen" (8 July 1846, Neuilly-sur-Seine, Île-de-France, Kingdom of the French – 3 June 1927, Alcsút, Hungary) was a Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha by birth and an Archduchess of Austria through her marriage to Archduke Joseph Karl of Austria.
Winaq is a left-wing political party in Guatemala whose most notable member is Rigoberta Menchú, who is ethnically K'iche'. Its name comes from the K'iche'ean word for "people", "winaq". 
The Lempa River  is a long river in Central America.
Daniel Ernesto Flores (born August 28, 1961) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He has been the Bishop of Brownsville since December 2009. He had previously served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Detroit.
Mandeville Films is an American independent film production company headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios. Founded in 1995 by film producer David Hoberman, the company re-formed as Mandeville Films and Television in 2002 after a short hiatus, with Hoberman and Todd Lieberman as partners and co-owners.
John Anthony Dooher (born May 3, 1943) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Boston.
Refik Koraltan (1889 – June 17, 1974) was a Turkish politician, having served as the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey  from May 22, 1950 to May 27, 1960.
Exchange Place, formally Exchange Passage, is a pedestrian zone in the French Quarter of New Orleans, Louisiana.
Henri de Schomberg, Comte de Nanteuil (1575 – 17 November 1632), was a Marshal of France during the reign of Louis XIII.
The Brigham Young University Museum of Paleontology was started in 1976 around the collection of James A. Jensen. For many years, it was known as the "BYU Earth Science Museum", and most of the collection was in storage under the LaVell Edwards Stadium.
Stefan Herbst (born 17 May 1978 in Leipzig, Germany) is a 2-time Olympics swimmer from Germany. He swam for Germany at the 2000 and 2004 Olympics. He is the brother of fellow Olympic swimmer Sabine Herbst and uncle of young swimmer Ramon Klenz.
The Susan River is a river located in the Wide Bay–Burnett region of Queensland, Australia.
Qian Mountains or Qianshan , a branch of the Changbai Mountains on the China-North Korea border, start from eastern Jilin Province, China, and extend to eastern and southern Liaoning Province, down to Liaodong Peninsula.
University of Bengkulu  is a public university in Bengkulu, Bengkulu, Indonesia. It was established on 24 April 1982. 
Hijos de Yurimaguas is a Peruvian football club, playing in the city of Callao, Lima.
FBC Aurora is a Peruvian football club, playing in the city of Arequipa, Peru. The club were founded 1916 and play in the Copa Perú which is the third division of the Peruvian league.
Highlands Park F.C. was a professional association football club in Johannesburg, South Africa, that existed from November 1959 to February 1983. In 1971, Highlands Park F. C. merged with Powerlines F. C. from Nigel – a city located 61 km southeast of Highlands North in Johannesburg, and also playing in the top flight National Football League.
B2W is an online retail company in Latin America, as a result of the merger between Americanas.com and Submarino.com. Lojas Americanas are the controlling shareholder, with about 60% of the new company, while 40% is a free float.
Sergey Vasilyevich Bakulin (; born 13 November 1986 in Insar, Mordvin ASSR) is a male race walker from Russia.
WGMF-FM (103.9 FM, "Yes FM") is a radio station licensed to serve Dushore, Pennsylvania, United States. The station is owned by Geos Communications. WGMF-FM broadcasts an adult contemporary music format to the Northern Tier of Pennsylvania, area.
The Ben Uri Gallery is a registered museum and charity currently sited at 108a Boundary Road, off of Abbey Road in St John's Wood, London, England. It features the work and lives of émigré artists in London, and describes itself as "The Art Museum for Everyone".
Alexander Dercho (born 21 January 1987) is a German footballer playing for VfL Osnabrück. He was born Alexander Krük, before taking his wife's name in 2013.
Glenora Distillers is a distiller based in Glenville, Nova Scotia, Canada on Cape Breton Island. Their most prominent product is Glen Breton Rare whisky, made in the Scottish-style in that it is a single malt whisky, not a rye, as is traditional in Canada. 
The Dick Institute is a museum in Kilmarnock, Scotland. It is an important cultural venue in the south-west of Scotland, featuring the largest museum and art gallery space in Ayrshire as well as the central library for East Ayrshire.
The Noosa River is a river situated in South East Queensland. The catchment starts in Wahpoonga Range near Mount Elliot in the coastal Great Sandy National Park and meanders south through a lakes district around Tewantin.
Shenzhen International Holdings Limited is engaged in the investment, construction and operation of logistics infrastructure facilities, third party logistics services and logistics information services. It is held by Shenzhen Investment Holding Corporation, an investment holding institution owned by Shenzhen Government and Cheung Kong Holdings.
The Modbury Football Club  is an Australian rules football club based in Modbury, a suburb of Adelaide in South Australia.
BabyTV is a television channel for babies, toddlers, and parents, owned by Fox Networks Group, a subsidiary of Walt Disney Direct-to-Consumer & International, ultimately owned by The Walt Disney Company. Launched in 2003, BabyTV is distributed in over 100 countries, broadcasting in 18 languages (as of 2013). 
Matakana Nominees Pty. Ltd., trading as King Island Airlines, is a small regional airline based in Moorabbin, Australia. 
Sledge Island, or Ayak Island, is a small island in the Bering Sea. It is located from the southwestern shore of the Seward Peninsula, off the shores of Alaska.
The Principality of Salm was a short-lived client state of Napoleonic France located in Westphalia.
Kingspan Off-Site was a manufacturer of timber and steel building systems. It was a division of the Kingspan Group plc.
The Charlton Athletic Academy refers to the teams and players in the youth system of English professional football club Charlton Athletic F.C.; they play the majority of their home games at the club's training ground in New Eltham, London.
Gordon Terry (October 7, 1931–April 9, 2006) was an adept American bluegrass and country music fiddler and guitarist. He was a member of Merle Haggard's backing band The Strangers. 
Bakhtar University  is an established private university in Afghanistan. It is in the capital city, Kabul. 
North Star Bay , also known as Thule Harbor and Wolstenholme Bay, is a bay off the mouth of Wolstenholme Fjord, Greenland.
The Grose River, a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.
Liri Ballabani Stadium  is a multi-purpose stadium in Burrel, Albania. The stadium is the home ground of KS Burreli and has a capacity of 3,000.
Seongmu Airport is a "baie groot" which is used by the Korea Air Force Academy for flight training. The airfield has a single runway (16/34).
Sophia Vossou (; born 5 December 1961) is a Greek singer best known abroad for representing Greece at the Eurovision Song Contest 1991 where she was placed 13th with the song "I Anixi".
The Wannon River, a perennial river of the Glenelg Hopkins catchment, is located in the Western District of Victoria, Australia.
Solomon Warriors FC are a Solomon Islands football club based in Honiara. They were formerly known as Uncles FC and have also played in the S-League under the name "Wantoks".
Tawa AFC is an association football club in Tawa, Wellington, New Zealand. They are competing the Central Premier League, which they last won in 1994.
Daejan Holdings is a British-based property business, part of the Freshwater Group of companies. It has its headquarters at Freshwater House, Shaftesbury Avenue and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The Tenniseum, also known as the Musée du Tennis or the Musée de Roland-Garros, is a tennis museum located in the Stade Roland Garros in the 16th arrondissement at 2, avenue Gordon-Bennett, Paris, France. It is open daily except Mondays; an admission fee is charged.
Georg August Zinn (27 May 1901 – 27 March 1976) was a German lawyer and a politician of the SPD. He was a member of the Bundestag from 1949-1951, the 2nd Minister-President of Hesse from 1950 to 1969 and served as the 5th and 16th President of the Bundesrat in 1953/54 and 1964/65. 
Daniel Brands (born 17 July 1987) is a German professional tennis player. His career-high singles ranking is world No. 
Victor Leandro Bagy (born 21 January 1983), known as Victor, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a goalkeeper.
Andis Shala  (born 15 November 1988) is a German footballer, playing as a striker for FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt. His father is former Croatian international Kujtim Shala.
Bompiani is an Italian publishing house based in Milan. It was founded in 1929 by Valentino Bompiani.
Dae-ho Lee (Hangul: 이대호, Hanja: 李大浩; ; born June 21, 1982) is a South Korean professional baseball first baseman for the Lotte Giants of the KBO League. Lee has previously played for the Orix Buffaloes and Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks of Nippon Professional Baseball , and the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball .
Lady Franklin Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. The bay is located in Nares Strait northwest of Judge Daly Promontory and is an inlet into the northeastern shore of Ellesmere Island.
The Nymboida River, a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment, is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.
Hermann Kulke (born 1938 in Berlin) is a German historian and Indologist, who was professor of South and Southeast Asian history at the Department of History, Kiel University (1988–2003). After receiving his PhD in Indology from Freiburg University in 1967, he taught for 21 years at the South Asia Institute of Heidelberg University .
The Netherlands Institute for Advanced Study in the Humanities and Social Sciences  in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is an independent research institute in the field of the humanities and social and behavioural sciences founded in 1970. The Institute offers advanced research facility for international scholars of all of the humanities and social sciences. It is a member of Some Institutes for Advanced Study  and the Network of European Institutes for Advanced Studies .
The Hovgaard Islands are a Canadian Arctic island group in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut Territory. They were named after Andreas Hovgaard, a Polar explorer and officer of the Danish Navy who led an expedition to the Kara Sea on steamship "Dijmphna" in 1882-83.
Andriy Yarmolenko (; born 23 October 1989) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for English club West Ham United and the Ukraine national team.
Rashaya, Rachaya, Rashaiya, Rashayya or Rachaiya , also known as Rashaya al-Wadi or Rachaya el-Wadi , is a town of the Rashaya District in the south of the Beqaa Governorate of Lebanon. It is situated at around above sea level on the western slopes of Mount Hermon, south east of Beirut near the Syrian border, and approximately halfway between Jezzine and Damascus.
Hardy Oil and Gas plc is a leading British-based oil and gas exploration and production business. It is headquartered in Aberdeen and is a former constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The Revolutionary Febrerista Party  is a democratic socialist party of Paraguay.
Rachel Laura Atherton (born 6 December 1987) is a British professional downhill mountain bike racer, and is a multiple time UCI World Champion.
The Illyrian deciduous forests form a terrestrial ecoregion of Europe according to both the WWF and Digital Map of European Ecological Regions by the European Environment Agency. It belongs to the biome of Mediterranean forests, woodlands, and scrub, and to the Palearctic ecozone.
Pingtan or Haitan Island is an island off the east coast of Fujian Province, China, south of the complex estuary of the Min River. It is the largest island in Fujian and the fifth-largest island in China.
Cecil Richard Rutt CBE (27 August 1925 – 27 July 2011) was an English Roman Catholic priest and a former Anglican bishop.
Riffa , formerly known in English as Ruffin, is the second largest city in the Kingdom of Bahrain. Riffa is divided into two parts: and . The city is completely located in the Southern Governorate after the abolition of the Central Governorate.
Pontardawe Town F.C.  are a football club based in the town of Pontardawe. They play in the Welsh Football League Division One.
Table Island is an uninhabited island within the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. It lies in Norwegian Bay, north of Devon Island, and is also south Cornwall Island, separated by Belcher Channel. Ekins Island is a small islet about to the southwest.
Cup and Saucer Creek, an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment, is located in the Canterbury-Bankstown region of Sydney, in New South Wales, Australia.
Score Group plc is an international engineering business based in Peterhead, Scotland.
POP ETC , formerly known as The Morning Benders, is an indie rock band from Berkeley, California, later based in Brooklyn, New York.
The Shelonsky Islands  is an island group in the Laptev Sea. It is located in the coastal lowlands of the Yana Bay, east of the mouths of the Yana river.
WNAW (1230 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to North Adams, Massachusetts, United States, the station serves northern Berkshire County. The station is owned by Townsquare Media , and features programming from ABC News Radio.
Charles Fulton Oursler (January 22, 1893 – May 24, 1952) was an American journalist, playwright, editor and writer. Writing as Anthony Abbot, he was an author of mysteries and detective fiction. 
Maltz Performing Arts Center at Temple–Tifereth Israel built in 1924 is a historic synagogue building located on University Circle at Silver Park in Cleveland, Ohio. In 1963, a branch synagogue, Tifereth-Israel, was established in suburban Beachwood, which is now the main place of worship. 
Jan Martyniak (born 1939, Poland) became the archbishop and Metropolitan of the Ukrainian Catholic Archeparchy of Przemyśl–Warsaw in Poland on its establishment on 24 May 1996 and was previously archbishop of the Eparchy of Przemyśl, recreated after the fall of communism in 1991. 
Mariya Vasiliyevna Abakumova (; born 15 January 1986) is a Russian track and field athlete who competes in the javelin throw. 
Aixtron SE is a German-based European technology company, which specialises in manufacturing metalorganic chemical vapour deposition  equipment, for clients in the semiconductor industry. The company's shares are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
Frederick William of Brandenburg-Schwedt (17 November 1700, Oranienbaum Castle (modern-day Oranienbaum-Wörlitz, Wittenberg) – 4 March 1771, Wildenbruch Castle) was a German nobleman. In his lifetime, from 1711 to 1771, he held the titles Prince in Prussia and Margrave of Brandenburg, with the style Royal Highness. He was made a knight of the Order of the Black Eagle. 
Southwestern Railways ,  headquartered in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine, is a component part of the Ukrzaliznytsia company, its regional branch. 
The uninhabited Knight Islands are members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. They are located in Gray Strait, an arm of the Labrador Sea. The Knight Islands measure .
Zhang Qingwei (; born 7 November 1961) is a Chinese politician, business executive, and aerospace engineer. He is the Communist Party Secretary of Heilongjiang, former Governor of Hebei, and former chairman of the Commission for Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense . Prior to his government career he was president of China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation  and chairman of Comac, an aerospace manufacturer.
David Libai (, born 22 October 1934) is an Israeli jurist and former politician. He was a member of the Knesset and served as Minister of Justice from 1992 to 1996.
Chang Wanquan (; born January 1949) is the former Minister of Defense and State Councilor of the People's Republic of China and a general in the People's Liberation Army. He has been a member of the Central Military Commission of the People's Republic of China and helped to manage China's space program.
Birch Evans Bayh III (; born December 26, 1955) is an American lawyer, lobbyist, and politician of the Democratic Party who served as the junior United States Senator from Indiana from 1999 to 2011 and the 46th Governor of Indiana from 1989 to 1997.
The Hieroglyphic Mountains are a mountain range located in central Arizona. The Hieroglyphics roughly straddle the border between Maricopa and Yavapai counties and form an effective physical barrier northwest of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area. 
Milan Badelj (born 25 February 1989) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Lazio and the Croatia national team. He is a member of the Croatian squad which finished as runners-up to France in 2018 FIFA World Cup.
PinchukArtCentre is a centre of contemporary art, located in Kyiv with a collection of works by Ukrainian and international artists. The museum was opened on 16 September 2006 by the steel billionaire Victor Pinchuk.
Columbia College is a privately owned two-year university transfer college located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The college is owned and administered by the Columbia College Society, a non-profit academic society composed of all Columbia College employees.
Brian Auger and the Trinity was a British musical ensemble led by keyboardist Brian Auger. His duet with Julie Driscoll, the Bob Dylan-penned "This Wheel's On Fire", was a #5 hit on the 1968 UK Singles Chart.
KATS (94.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a mainstream rock format. Licensed to Yakima, Washington, United States, the station serves Yakima and Kittitas Counties. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
Adam Michael Blythe (born 1 October 1989) is an English professional road and track racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . Blythe began racing at a young age and went on to become a member of British Cycling's Olympic Development Programme. 
Adolf Karl Friedrich Ludwig Prinz zu Hohenlohe-Ingelfingen (29 January 1797, in Breslau, Prussia – 24 April 1873, in Koschentin, Prussia) was a Prussian nobleman, soldier, and politician. He briefly served as Minister-President of Prussia in 1862 and was succeeded by Otto von Bismarck.
Colin Morgan (born 1 January 1986) is an actor from Northern Ireland, best known for playing the title character in the BBC fantasy series "Merlin".
Yussef Etessami , Iranian journalist, official, publisher, translator, and writer, was born in 1874 and died in 1938. His father Ebrahim was from Ashtian and the head of finance of the Iranian province of Azerbaijan. 
XHLE-FM  is an FM radio station in Ciudad Cuauhtémoc, Veracruz that serves the Tampico, Tamaulipas market.
Hansung University is a university in South Korea. It was founded on December 21, 1972. 
Vietnam Mobile Telecom Services One Member Limited Liability Company  is a major Vietnamese mobile network operator headquartered in Trung Hoa Nhan Chinh, Hanoi. Founded on 16 April 1993, as a Global System for Mobile Communications launcher, MobiFone is the first and currently third largest telecommunications provider in Vietnam.
Canyon Creek is located in the Mogollon Rim area of the state of Arizona. The closest town, Young, is away. The facilities are maintained by Tonto National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.
KHEY (1380 AM) is a Fox Sports Radio affiliate in the El Paso, Texas, United States, area. The station is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.. The station is also broadcast on HD radio.
Glenloth is a locality in Victoria, Australia, located approximately from the regional centre of Bendigo.
The National University of Lomas de Zamora  is an Argentine state national university located in Lomas de Zamora, Buenos Aires Province. Maintaining extensive research facilities, and with over 30,000 students, UNLZ is one of the most important universities of the Greater Buenos Aires area.
The National University of Austral Patagonia  is an Argentine national university in Santa Cruz Province. The university is divided into four campuses, located in the cities of Caleta Olivia , Río Gallegos , San Julián  and Río Turbio , and was founded in 1995, by national law 24.446.
Giacomo Gentilomo (5 April 1909 – 16 April 2001) was an Italian film director and painter.
Johann Ludwig Reichsgraf von Wallmoden-Gimborn (22 April 1736 in Hanover – 10 October 1811 in Hanover) was a German lieutenant-general and art collector.
Eagle Pass is a city in and the county seat of Maverick County in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 26,255 as of the 2010 census (2013 estimate 27,708).
The Kech River  flows in the Makran region, of southeastern Iran and the southwestern area of Balochistan Province in southwestern Pakistan.
Hopetoun Airport is an airport in Hopetoun, Victoria, Australia. Currently, no scheduled passenger services operate at the airport.
Princess Marie Louise of Hanover and Cumberland (11 October 1879 – 31 January 1948) was the eldest child of Ernest Augustus, Crown Prince of Hanover, and Princess Thyra of Denmark, the youngest daughter of Christian IX of Denmark and Louise of Hesse-Kassel. Through her father, Marie Louise was a great-great-granddaughter of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. She was a first cousin of Nicholas II.
Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band is the name taken by Conor Oberst and his backing band, which is composed of Nik Freitas , Taylor Hollingsworth , Macey Taylor , Nate Walcott  and Jason Boesel . The band was formed to back Oberst on his 2008 solo album but soon evolved into a band of its own with all members singing and providing songs for 2009's Outer South.
The United States Naval Support Activity Panama City , is located just outside Panama City, Florida and is a United States Navy military base. It is located within Bay County. Among other commands, it houses Naval Surface Warfare Center Panama City Division  and the Navy Experimental Diving Unit .
Vitamin Cottage Natural Food Markets, Inc   is a Colorado based health food chain.
WNBP (1450 AM, 106.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Newburyport, Massachusetts, United States and serving the Boston market. The station is owned by Bloomberg L.P.. The station carries financial news from Bloomberg Radio. 
Surda  is a Palestinian town in the Ramallah and al-Bireh Governorate, located northeast of Ramallah in the northern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics , the town had a population of 1,031 inhabitants in 2007.
Ush Island  is an island in the northern coast of Sakhalin. Ush Island is located between a shallow bay and the Sea of Okhotsk, at the mouth of the Sakhalin Gulf.
Des Voeux Island is a member of the Queen Elizabeth Islands and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the territory of Nunavut. It is an irregularly shaped island located in the Queens Channel, closer to Bathurst Island than to Devon Island.
Taffuh   is a Palestinian town located eight kilometers west of Hebron.The town is in the Hebron Governorate in the southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of over 10,597 in 2007.
Fahid Ben Khalfallah  (born 9 October 1982) is a Tunisian international footballer who currently plays for and is head coach of Nunawading City.
Luis Federico Franco Gómez (born 24 July 1962) is a Paraguayan politician who was President of Paraguay from June 2012 until August 2013. A member of the Authentic Radical Liberal Party , he was elected as Vice President of Paraguay in the 2008 presidential election as the running mate of Fernando Lugo; he took office in August 2008. Following Lugo's impeachment by the Senate on 22 June 2012, he succeeded Lugo as President to complete the presidential mandate until 15 August 2013.
Babək  is a city and municipality in and the capital of Babek Rayon, in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan.
Pakistan Herald Limited, doing business as the Dawn Media Group, is a Pakistani media company based in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It publishes the Dawn newspaper, Herald magazine among other publications and operates a TV channel, radio stations and websites. 
Arnold Harris Mathew, self-styled of Thomastown (7 August 1852 – 19 December 1919), was the founder and first bishop of the Old Catholic Church in the United Kingdom and a noted author on ecclesiastical subjects.
Alan Baker (19 August 1939 – 4 February 2018) was an English mathematician, known for his work on effective methods in number theory, in particular those arising from transcendental number theory.
Anita Thallaug (born 14 February 1938 in Bærum) is a Norwegian actress and singer.
Summerlee Museum of Scottish Industrial Life, formerly known as Summerlee Heritage Park, is an industrial museum in Coatbridge, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is situated on the site of the Victorian Summerlee Iron Works and incorporated the main workshop of the former Hydrocon Crane factory. 
Chen Weixing (Simplified Chinese: 陈卫星 Hanyu Pinyin: Chén Wèixīng, born April 27, 1972, Inner Mongolia, China) is an Austrian table tennis player of Chinese origin. He has played for SVS Lower Austria for several years.
Pulsnitz  is a town in the district of Bautzen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the small river Pulsnitz, 11 km southwest of Kamenz, and 24 km northeast of the centre of Dresden.
Thomas Bach, (born 29 December 1953) is a German lawyer and former Olympic fencer. Bach is the ninth and current President of the International Olympic Committee, and a former member of the German Olympic Sports Confederation Executive Board.
Westover is a city in Shelby County, Alabama, United States. It was officially incorporated on January 31, 2001 although it was established in 1901 and had a population of 961 when it was incorporated in 2001.
Sheikh Jaber Al-Mubarak Al-Hamad Al-Sabah (, born 4 January 1942) is a Kuwaiti politician and the Prime Minister of Kuwait since 2011. Previously he served as Minister of Defense as well as Deputy Prime Minister.
Joe Renzetti is an American Academy Award-winning film composer, and session musician.
Tobias Constantin Hauke (born 11 September 1987) is a German field hockey player who plays as a defender for Harvestehude and the Germany national team.
Anastasia Olegovna Pivovarova (, born 16 June 1990) is a professional tennis player from Russia who reached a career high of 93 in May 2011. During a successful junior career, Pivovarova was ranked as high as No. 
William Christoph of Hesse-Homburg (13 November 1625, Ober-Rosbach – 27 August 1681, then in Bingenheim, now in Echzell) was the second Landgraf of Hesse-Homburg  during 1648-1669. 
Admiral of the Fleet Sir William Rowley KB (c. 1690 – 1 January 1768) was a Royal Navy officer. He distinguished himself by his determination as commander of the vanguard at the Battle of Toulon in February 1744 during the War of the Austrian Succession. 
Libania Grenot Martinez (born 12 July 1983) is a Cuban-born Italian female athlete specialising in the 400 metres.
KTSM (690 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to El Paso, Texas. KTSM is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and airs a talk radio format. 
Oksana Fadeyeva (born 16 March 1975)  is a Russian table tennis player.
Bezdonys  is a town in Lithuania, located to the north of Vilnius, within the Vilnius district municipality. It is best known for the 1908 Bezdany raid, one of the most daring and successful train robberies in history. 
Shawn Machel Johnson East (born January 19, 1992) is an American former artistic gymnast. She is the 2008 Olympic balance beam gold medalist and team, all-around and floor exercise silver medalist. 
Camille du Locle (16 July 18329 October 1903) was a French theatre manager and a librettist. He was born in Orange, France. 
Rudolf Simek (born 21 February 1954 in Eisenstadt, Burgenland) is an Austrian Germanist and philologist.
The Tenth Island, sometimes called Barrenjoey, part of the Waterhouse Island Group, is a uninhabited granite islet and nature reserve, situated in Bass Strait, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania, Australia. The islet has no vegetation and much of it is wave-washed in winter storms. 
Aron Yakovlevich Gurevich (also spelled Aaron Gurevich ; May 12, 1924, Moscow – August 5, 2006, Moscow) was a Russian medievalist historian, working on the European culture of the Middle Ages.
The Baynes Island, part of the Waterhouse Island Group, are a group of three granite uninhabited islets connected at low tide, with a combined area of , situated in Banks Strait, part of Bass Strait, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania, Australia. 
The Unirea  is a right tributary of the river Mureș in Transylvania, Romania. It discharges into the Mureș in Unirea.
Swan Island, part of the Waterhouse Island Group, is a granite island situated in Banks Strait, part of Bass Strait, lying close to the north-eastern coast of Tasmania, Australia. 
Hindustan Football Club is an Indian football club from Delhi. Formed in 1948 the club usually played in the I-League 2nd Division.
Jakobstads BK, also known as JBK, is a Finnish soccer team from Jakobstad currently playing in Kakkonen, a third tier soccer league in Finland. The club's home venue is Västra plan and the head coach is Craig Ramsay.
The Air Force Medical University , formerly known as the Fourth Military Medical University  until 2017, is a Chinese military institution of higher learning, affiliated to the People's Liberation Army Air Force.
The Paramounts were an English beat group, based in Southend-on-Sea, Essex. They had one hit single with their cover version of "Poison Ivy", which reached #35 on the UK Singles Chart in 1964, but are primarily known as the forerunner to Procol Harum.
The Air Force of the Dominican Republic or "Fuerza Aérea de República Dominicana", is one of the three branches of the Military of the Dominican Republic, together with the Army and the Navy.
Ionel Tersinio Gane (born 12 October 1971) is a Romanian football coach and former player.
Campo Arenal Aerodrome  is an airport in Campo Arenal in the Catamarca Province of Argentina.
Marcus Ehning (born April 19, 1974 in Südlohn, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German show jumping champion, Olympic champion from 2000. He is married to Nadia Ehning . 
Sociedad Deportiva Tenisca is a Spanish football team club from the city of Santa Cruz de La Palma, on the island of La Palma . It was founded in 1922 and currently plays in the Canary group of the Tercera División – Group 12 of Spain.
Luciano Pigozzi, also known professionally as Alan Collins (10 January 1927 – 14 June 2008), was an Italian character actor. A long-time staple of Italian genre cinema, Pigozzi was noted for his resemblance to Peter Lorre and appeared in such films as "Human Cobras", "Yor, the Hunter from the Future", "Ivanhoe, the Norman Swordsman", "Blood and Black Lace", "Libido" and perhaps his goriest role in "Baron Blood".
Ronald Brunmayr (born 17 February 1975 in Steyr, Upper Austria) is an Austrian retired football player.
Miroslav Koubek (born 1 September 1951) is a Czech former goalkeeper and manager.
The Punpun River is a tributary of the Ganges. It originates in Palamu district of Jharkhand and flows through Chatra, Aurangabad, Gaya and Patna districts of the Indian states of Jharkhand and Bihar.
The Southern California Marine Institute  is a multi-campus research facility and non-profit oceanographic institution headquartered in Terminal Island, California.
Daniel Birnbaum (born 10 July 1963) is a Swedish art critic. Since 2010, he has been director of the Moderna Museet, the museum of modern art in Stockholm.
Nigel Adams (born 30 November 1966) is a British politician serving as the Member of Parliament  for Selby and Ainsty in North Yorkshire since 2010. A member of the Conservative Party, he was Assistant Government Whip from 15 June 2017 to 8 January 2018 and again from 5 November 2018 until 3 April 2019. 
Samuel Phillip Gyimah (; born 10 August 1976) is a Conservative politician who has served as the Member of Parliament  for East Surrey since the 2010 general election.
Anne Marie Morris (born 5 July 1957) is a British Conservative Party politician and former lawyer. She has been the Member of Parliament  for Newton Abbot since 2010. 
Alison McGovern (born 30 December 1980) is a British Labour politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Wirral South since 2010.
Simon Anthony Hart (born 15 August 1963) is a British Conservative Party politician, who was elected in the 2010 general election and re-elected in the 2015 general election as the Member of Parliament  for Carmarthen West and South Pembrokeshire, defeating the previous Labour MP Nick Ainger who had represented the constituency since its creation in 1997.
Yvonne Helen Fovargue (born 29 November 1956) is a British Labour Party politician who was elected Member of Parliament  for Makerfield in 2010, succeeding Ian McCartney, who stepped down due to ill health.
Horst Matthai Quelle (30 January 1912 – 27 December 1999) was a Spanish-speaking German philosopher.
Michael Richard Weatherley (born 2 July 1957) is a British Conservative Party politician who was the Member of Parliament  for Hove in East Sussex from the 2010 to the 2015 general election.
Steven John Baker (born 6 June 1971) is a British politician, former Royal Air Force engineer, consultant and bank worker serving as Deputy Chairman of the European Research Group  since 2018. A member of the Conservative Party, he has been the Member of Parliament  for Wycombe since 2010.
Teresa Pearce (born 1 February 1955) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament  for Erith and Thamesmead since 2010, who was appointed as a Shadow Minister for Housing and Planning in September 2015. In the reshuffle of October 2016, Pearce was appointed as acting Shadow Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government, standing down after the 2017 general election to concentrate on her constituency.
VV Baronie is a Dutch amateur association football club based in Breda.
Qeqertarsuatsiaq Island  is an isolated and uninhabited island in the Avannaata municipality, in Baffin Bay off the western shore of Greenland.
The International Council for Philosophy and Humanistic Studies  is a non-governmental organization within UNESCO. It embraces hundreds of learned societies in the field of philosophy, human sciences and related subjects.
Karel Kroupa (born 15 April 1950) is a former Czech football player, considered as legendary player of Zbrojovka Brno.
FC Dinamo MVD Bishkek is a Kyrgyzstani football club based in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan that played in the top division in Kyrgyzstan, the Kyrgyzstan League. The club plays its home games at Dynamo Stadion.
Georg Otto Hermann Struve (; 29 December 1886 – 10 June 1933) was a German astronomer from the Struve family and the son of Hermann Struve.
Fort Ramon Magsaysay, also known as Fort Magsaysay Military Reservation  and Fort Mag, is the largest military reservation in the Philippines, and is a key training areas of the Philippine Army. The Fort Magsaysay is located in Nueva Ecija, Philippines.
Vatroslav Mimica (born 25 June 1923) is a Croatian film director and screenwriter.
AO Chania, short for "Athlitikos Omilos Chania" , was an association football club based in Chania on the island of Crete. It was officially founded in 1945, and has consistently represented the city in various levels of the Greek football league system, most notably the Football League (2nd National Division). 
Central University of Kashmir, formerly Central University of Jammu and Kashmir, is a central university located in Jammu and Kashmir, India. It currently operates from a transit campuses at Sonwar Bagh, Srinagar, with a planned campus in Ganderbal.
Martin Fischer (; born 21 July 1986) is an Austrian retired professional tennis player. His career-high ranking was no. 
Georg Gradnauer (16 November 1866 – 18 November 1946) was a German newspaper editor and politician for the Social Democratic Party of Germany , and the first elected Minister-President of Saxony following the abolition of the Kingdom of Saxony.
The National University of Tierra del Fuego, Antarctica and South Atlantic Islands  is an Argentine national university in Tierra del Fuego Province. The campus university is located in the city of Ushuaia. 
Betrest  was a royal queen of Ancient Egypt. She lived during the First Dynasty.
Kim Hyung-jun (; born August 3, 1987) is a South Korean entertainer, lead rapper and youngest member of boyband SS501 and SS301.
The Universidade Feevale   is a Brazilian university in the city of Novo Hamburgo  in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul. The selection process is through entrance exam and continuous assessment.
The Pirate Party of Belgium  is a political party in Belgium. Based on the model of the Swedish Pirate Party, it supports reform of copyright law, the abolition of patents, and respect for privacy. It was a founding member of Pirate Parties International.
Mary Cyrene Burch Breckinridge (August 16, 1826 – October 8, 1907) was the wife of John C. Breckinridge and served as the Second Lady of the United States from March 4, 1857 until March 4, 1861, while her husband was the 14th Vice President of the United States.
Dr Csaba Hende (born 5 February 1960) is a Hungarian politician who served as Minister of Defence of Hungary from 29 May 2010 to 9 September 2015 when he resigned.
Kawama Airport  is an airport serving Varadero, in the Matanzas Province in Cuba.
An-Sophie Mestach (born 7 March 1994) is a retired Belgian tennis player.
Jovit Baldivino is a Filipino singer and actor. He was the first winner of "Pilipinas Got Talent".
Tuen Mun Sports Association  is a Hong Kong football club which currently competes in the Hong Kong Second Division. It is run by the Tuen Mun District Council. 
The Swisshelm Mountains are a small mountain range adjacent to the southwest corner of the Chiricahua Mountains of eastern Cochise County, Arizona. They are separated from the Pedrogosa Mountains to the southeast, the Chiricahua's to the northeast, and by Leslie Creek, bordering the south and east; the area is now notable for the Leslie Canyon National Wildlife Refuge.
The Federal State of Austria  was a continuation of the First Austrian Republic between 1934 and 1938 when it was a one-party state led by the clerico-fascist Fatherland Front. The concept, derived from the notion of , was propaganda advocated by leading regime politicians such as Engelbert Dollfuss and Kurt Schuschnigg. 
Nicholas Christopher McNeil (born August 19, 1981) is a retired American professional wrestler and former professional football player, signed to WWE under the ring name Percy Watson as a commentator on Worlds Collide. In the past he has been a commentator on the NXT brand, 205 Live and WWE Main Event.
The Minilya River is a river in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia.
Son Seung-lak  (born March 4, 1982 in Daegu) is a South Korean closer who plays for the Lotte Giants in the Korea Professional Baseball. He bats and throws right-handed.
Jang Hoon (born May 4, 1975) is a South Korean film director. He directed the films "Rough Cut" (2008), "Secret Reunion" (2010), "The Front Line" (2011), and "A Taxi Driver " (2017).
WXKB (103.9 MHz, "B1039") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Cape Coral, Florida, broadcasting to Fort Myers and Southwest Florida. WXKB is owned by the Beasley Broadcast Group and airs a Top 40 music format branded as "B-103.9 All the Hits", sometimes called "The Killer B."
Weaverville Joss House State Historic Park is a state park located in the center of the town of Weaverville, California. The site is a Taoist temple which is still in use, and is the oldest Chinese temple in California.
The Party of the Democratic Left  is a centre-left political party in Slovakia. It is the reformation of another party by the same name, which had been founded in 1990.
Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation is a state-government Public Sector Undertaking of the Government of Tamil Nadu located in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Tamil Nadu has been entrusted with the promotion of tourism and development of tourist related infrastructure.
The Blacktown Spartans Football Club are an Australian semi-professional association football club currently playing in the NSW Premier League, the top tier of association football in New South Wales and the 2nd tier including the fully professional top tier, the A-League. They are based in Blacktown, located in the Greater Western Sydney area of Sydney, New South Wales.
The Icarian Sea  is a subdivision of the Mediterranean Sea that lies between the Cyclades and Asia Minor. It is described as the part of the Aegean Sea to the south of Chios, to the east of the Eastern Cyclades and west of Anatolia. It contains the islands of Samos, Cos, Patmos, Leros, Fournoi Korseon and Icaria.
The Zhongnan Mountains , sometimes called the Taiyi Mountains  or Zhounan Mountains , are a branch of the Qin Mountains located in Shaanxi Province, south of Xi'an, China that extend from Wugong County in the east of the province to Lantian County. At 2604 meters the range's highest point is the Cui Hua Mountain. 
Constance of Sicily (1304/1306 – after 19 June 1344) was Queen of Cyprus and Jerusalem by marriage to Henry II of Cyprus and Queen of Armenia by marriage to Leo IV of Armenia. 
Uukwambi is a traditional kingdom of the Ovambo people in what is today northern Namibia. Its capital is Elim.
Cape Bruce forms the northern tip of a small island lying at the eastern side of Oom Bay, separated from the mainland rocks just west of Taylor Glacier in Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.
Wilhelmina of Hesse-Kassel (25 February 1726 – 8 October 1808) was a Prussian princess, married to Prince Henry of Prussia.
Weesperzijde  is a neighborhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands.
The Laguna Mountains are a small, approximately circular mountain range of extreme southwest Arizona northeast of Yuma and east of Winterhaven, California on the Colorado River. The Colorado forms the western perimeter of the mountains; Mittry Lake, on the Colorado is on its northwest.
Misr Lel Makkasa Sporting Club , simply known as El Makkasa, is an Egyptian sports club based in Faiyum, Egypt. The club is mainly known for its professional football team, which currently plays in the Egyptian Premier League, the highest league in the Egyptian football league system.
The Wanted is a British-Irish boy band consisting of members Max George, Siva Kaneswaran, Jay McGuiness, Tom Parker and Nathan Sykes. They formed in 2009 and were signed worldwide to Universal Music subsidiaries Island Records and Mercury Records, and managed by Scooter Braun.
Skycraft Air Transport Inc. was a Canadian airline based at Oshawa Municipal Airport in Oshawa, Ontario, that operated between 1979 and 1994.
The 1796 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held on December 15, 1796 to elect ten U.S. Representatives to represent the State of New York in the United States House of Representatives of the 5th United States Congress. 
Nal Airforce Station, also Bikaner Air Force Station, is located west of Bikaner in the state of Rajasthan, India. The civil enclave within is operated by the Airports Authority of India  and regular scheduled flight under UDAN scheme were inaugurated in 2017.
SC Kuopio Futis-98 (abbreviated SC KuFu-98 or KuFu-98) is a football club from Kuopio, Finland. The club was formed in 1998 and their home ground is Savon Sanomat Areena.
The Kanhar River  is a tributary of the Son River and flows through the India states of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh.
Pensacola State College, formerly known as Pensacola Junior College, is a public state college in Pensacola, Florida. It is a member institution of the Florida College System.
Diodes Incorporated is an American manufacturer and supplier of discrete, logic, analog and mixed-signal semiconductors. Its headquarters is located in Plano, Texas, United States.
The Little Harquahala Mountains are a small, arid, low-elevation mountain range of western-central Arizona, in the southeast of La Paz County.
The Sumatran tropical pine forests is a subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia.
The University of Maryland Art Gallery is the flagship art museum on the campus of the University of Maryland, College Park. The Gallery is a member of the American Alliance of Museums, Association of Academic Museums and Galleries, and the National Art Education Association. 
Felipe Azevedo dos Santos (born 10 January 1987), known as Felipe Azevedo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for América Mineiro as an attacking midfielder.
Consumer Alert was an American non-profit organization which advocated on business and consumer issues. It was primarily funded by corporations. It was founded in 1977 by Barbara A. Keating-Edh and John Henry Sununu, who would later go on to become Governor of New Hampshire (1983–89) and White House Chief of Staff during the George H. W. Bush administration.
Richard Madden (born 18 June 1986) is a Scottish actor. Born and raised near Glasgow, in Renfrewshire, he made his screen debut as a child actor and stage debut whilst a student at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. In 2007, he toured with Shakespeare's Globe company as Romeo in "Romeo and Juliet", a role he reprised in the West End in 2016.
Dorothea of Denmark (1 August 1504 – 11 April 1547), was a Duchess of Prussia by marriage to Duke Albert, Duke of Prussia. She was the daughter of King Frederick I of Denmark and Anna of Brandenburg.
William Douglas, 4th Duke of Queensberry KT (16 December 172423 December 1810) was a Scottish nobleman. He was popularly known as Old Q, and was famous for being a great gambler.
Wang Lin (born March 30, 1989 in Hangzhou) is a badminton player from China. Wang Lin was crowned the world champion after winning the gold medal at the 2010 BWF World Championships held at Paris defeating fellow Chinese Wang Xin 21-11, 19-21, 21-13.
Annfield Plain Football Club is an amateur association football club based in Annfield Plain, near Stanley, County Durham, England. The club are currently members of the and play at Derwent Park. 
Robeson Community College  is a public community college in Lumberton, North Carolina. RCC has over 1700 students enrolled.
SF Grei is a Norwegian sports club from Rødtvet, Oslo. It currently has sections for association football, floorball, gymnastics and skiing.
Alexander Koch (born 22 February 1969) is a German fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Baojun  is a Chinese automobile marque owned by a joint venture of General Motors and SAIC Motor, SAIC-GM-Wuling Automobile.
Bengbu Airport is a dual-use  airport in Bengbu, Anhui Province, China.
The Ducal Palace of Nancy  is a former princely residence in Nancy, France, which was home to the Dukes of Lorraine. It houses the Musée Lorrain, one of Nancy's principal museums, dedicated to the art, history and popular traditions of Lorraine until the early 20th century. It has been listed since 1840 as a "monument historique" by the French Ministry of Culture.
Woodstock is a town in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 5,884 at the 2010 census, down from 6,241 at the 2000 census. 
Heart Essex was a local radio station owned and operated by Global Radio as part of the Heart network. It broadcast to Essex and East Hertfordshire from studios in Chelmsford. 
Lehtisaari  is an island and part of Munkkiniemi, a neighborhood in western Helsinki, Finland.
KF Ballkani , commonly known as Ballkani is a professional football club based in Suva Reka, Kosovo. The club play in the Football Superleague of Kosovo, which is the top tier of football in the country.
Grorud Idrettslag is a Norwegian sports club from Grorud borough, Oslo. It has sections for association football, skiing, gymnastics and tennis.
Svenja Anette Huth (; born 25 January 1991) is a German footballer, currently playing for Turbine Potsdam and the Germany women's national football team.
Museum of Caricature  is a museum in Warsaw, Poland. The museum was established in 1978. 
Onrusrivier is a settlement in Overberg District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Kylemore  is a settlement in Cape Winelands District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Chatsworth is a settlement in West Coast District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Kalbaskraal is a settlement in the Swartland Local Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It was established during 1898 when a railway crossing was erected between Malmesbury and Cape Town on the farm Spes Bona. 
Buffelsbaai  is a small seaside village 20 kilometres from Knysna in the Garden Route District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa. The village is named after Buffelsbaai which stretches east of the village.
Sportsklubben Nationalkameratene is a Norwegian sports club from Trondheim, Sør-Trøndelag. It has sections for association football and team handball.
The was a short-lived political party in Japan. The party was the first of the proletarian parties that emerged in the country after the enactment of the Universal Manhood Suffrage Act of 1925. 
Yelyzaveta Viktorivna Bryzhina (; born November 28, 1989 in Luhansk) is a Ukrainian sprint athlete, who specializes in the 100 metres.
Union Sportive Granville, commonly referred to as US Granville or simply Granville, is a French football club based in Granville in the Lower Normandy region.
The Bahrain national under-17 football team is the selection of under 17 players who represent the Bahrain Football Association for two years in competition. They have once been finalists in the AFC U-16 Championship and once finished fourth at the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The River Robe  is a river in County Mayo, Ireland. 
The East Central Texas forests (33) is a small temperate broadleaf and mixed forests ecoregion almost entirely within the state of Texas, United States. The northern forests perimeter is partially within the southeast Oklahoma border.
Ongley Island is a rugged rocky island lying off the north coast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica. Extending in west-northwest direction and wide, with a surface area of . 
Trigger the Bloodshed are a British death metal band from Bath, England, formed in 2006. The band comprises guitarist Rob Purnell, vocalist Jonny Burgan, bassist Dave Purnell and drummer Dan Wilding. 
Al-Ahli Club  also known as Al Ahli Khartoum is an association football club from Khartoum, Sudan. They play in the top level of Sudanese professional football, the Sudan Premier League. Their home stadium is Khartoum Stadium.
Jessica Steen (born December 19, 1965) is a Canadian film and television actress, noted for her roles in "Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future", "Homefront", "Earth 2", "Armageddon", "", "NCIS", "Flashpoint" and the CBC series "Heartland".
The Gulf of Khambhat, also known as the Gulf of Cambay, is a bay on the Arabian Sea coast of India, bordering the state of Gujarat. The Gulf of Khambhat is about long, about wide in the north and up to wide in the south. Major rivers draining Gujarat are the Narmada, Tapti, Mahi and Sabarmati that form estuaries in the gulf.
Venezia Football Club, commonly referred to as Venezia, is an Italian football club based in Venice, Veneto, that currently plays in Serie C.
The Wabash Railroad was a Class I railroad that operated in the mid-central United States. It served a large area, including track in the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, and Missouri and the province of Ontario. Its primary connections included Chicago, Illinois; Kansas City, Missouri; Detroit, Michigan; Buffalo, New York; St. Louis, Missouri; and Toledo, Ohio.
Christopher David Allen (13 January 1938 – 13 March 2015), known as Daevid Allen, sometimes credited as Divided Alien, was an Australian poet, guitarist, singer, composer and performance artist. He was co-founder of the psychedelic rock groups Soft Machine (in the UK, 1966) and Gong (in France, 1967).
Rock FM is an Independent Local Radio station broadcasting to Lancashire, North West England and some parts of North Wales. Its output is mainly contemporary pop and current chart hits. 
Farah Pahlavi (, née Seyyedeh Farah Tabatabaeei Diba ; born 14 October 1938) is the widow of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and the former "shahbanu"  of Iran.
Gregory Lloyd Campbell (born 15 February 1953) is a Northern Ireland unionist politician, and the Democratic Unionist Party  Member of Parliament for East Londonderry. He has referred to himself as a loyalist.
Kenneth Alan "Ken" Ribet (; born June 28, 1948) is an American mathematician, currently a professor of mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley. His mathematical interests include algebraic number theory and algebraic geometry.
The Pine River, formerly known as the South Branch Manistee River, is a tributary of the Manistee River in the U.S. state of Michigan. It forms at the confluence of the North Branch and East Branch of the Pine River in northwest Osceola County, flows southwest, then west and north through the northeast corner of Lake County and into southwest Wexford County, emptying into the Tippy Dam Pond on the Manistee River in Manistee County. The Pine River watershed drains an area of .
Ludvika FK is a Swedish football club located in Ludvika in Dalarna County.
The Dutch Caribbean  are the territories, colonies, and countries, both former and current, of the Dutch Empire and the Kingdom of the Netherlands that are located in the Lesser Antilles archipelago of the Caribbean Sea. 
Arkadiusz Godel (born 4 February 1952) is a Polish former fencer. He won a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He also holds a law degree from the University of Warsaw.
The 2012 United States House of Representatives election in South Dakota was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012 to elect the single U.S. Representative from South Dakota's At-large congressional district, comprising the entire state of South Dakota. The election coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including a quadrennial presidential election.
Rai Ladinia is an Italian television channel broadcasting to people in South Tyrol and Province of Belluno. The channel is owned by RAI, the public broadcaster of Italy. 
The is a river in Toyama Prefecture, Japan. The river rises from Mount Daimon on the border of Ishikawa Prefecture and enters the sea at Toyama Bay.
Malcolm is an abandoned town located between Leonora and Laverton in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
Magdalena Antoinette Maria 'Marleen' Barth (born 21 March 1964) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party  and trade unionist, and a former journalist.
Theodore Skoutariotes  was a Byzantine cleric and official during the reign of Michael VIII Palaiologos (r. 1259–1282).
Centre Island is a small, uninhabited island, in the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands, Australia. An automated weather station run by the Bureau of Meteorology has been operating on the island since 1968. 
Espinosa de los Monteros is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain, with a population of c. 2,100 inhabitants.
Hontanas is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 70 inhabitants.
Huerta de Rey is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 1,208 inhabitants.
Junta de Villalba de Losa is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 115 inhabitants.
Merindad de Cuesta-Urria is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 500 inhabitants. Its seat is in Nofuentes.
Monasterio de la Sierra is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 43 inhabitants.
Navas de Bureba is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 46 inhabitants.
Sauchy-Cauchy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Pradoluengo is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 1,651 inhabitants.
Saulty is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Hohen Demzin is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Revillarruz is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 178 inhabitants.
Santa Cruz de la Salceda is a municipality and town in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 178 inhabitants.
Solarana is a municipality and town located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 104 inhabitants.
Trespaderne is a town and municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 1,049 inhabitants.
Valle de Sedano is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 541 inhabitants.
Viloria de Rioja is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2014 census , the municipality has a population of 41 inhabitants. It was the birthplace of Saint Dominic de la Calzada, in 1019.
Villaldemiro is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 70 inhabitants.
Schorssow is a municipality in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Villazopeque is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 78 inhabitants.
Joon Park (Korean name: Park Joon-hyung, ; born July 20, 1969) is a Korean-American singer, actor and entertainer based in South Korea. As a singer, he is best known as the leader and rapper of the Korean pop group g.o.d.
Becedas is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 355 inhabitants.
Hoyos del Espino is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2011 census , the municipality has a population of 444 inhabitants. The area is located at an elevation of above sea level.
Salobral is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 120 inhabitants.
Tardinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Zouafques is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Almunia de San Juan is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 660 inhabitants.
Bierge  is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census , the municipality has a population of 258 inhabitants.
Castigaleu  is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 115 inhabitants.
El Grado is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to 2009 data , the municipality has a population of 506 inhabitants.
Laperdiguera is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 103 inhabitants.
Peralta de Calasanz  or Peralta de Calassanç  is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 274 inhabitants.
Santa Cilia  is a municipality located in Jacetania, province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. It is 14 km from the town of Jaca between the River Aragon and the national highway N-240.
Valle de Hecho  is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 984 inhabitants.
Albalate del Arzobispo is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 2,180 inhabitants.
Arcos de las Salinas is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2018 census , the municipality had a population of 105 inhabitants.
Camarena de la Sierra is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 166 inhabitants.
La Cerollera  or La Sorollera  is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 122 inhabitants.
Fuentes Claras is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 571 inhabitants.
Jatiel is a municipality located in the Bajo Martín comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census the municipality has a population of 52 inhabitants. Its postal code is 44592.
Mezquita de Jarque is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 123 inhabitants.
Ojos Negros is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 531 inhabitants.
El Pobo is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 137 inhabitants.
Santa Cruz de Nogueras is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 32 inhabitants.
Torrecilla del Rebollar is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 178 inhabitants.
Valdelinares is a municipality and ski resort located in the Sierra de Gúdar range of the Sistema Ibérico, in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 141 inhabitants.
Villel is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. , the municipality has a population of 366 inhabitants.
Alconchel de Ariza is a municipality in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 128.
Aranda de Moncayo is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 220 inhabitants.
Botorrita is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.
Carenas is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain, on the river Piedra. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 239 inhabitants.
Embid de Ariza is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 84 inhabitants.
Gallocanta is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 158 inhabitants.
Lagata is a municipality located in the Campo de Belchite comarca, province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 132 inhabitants.
Mainar is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 162 inhabitants.
Morata de Jiloca is a municipality on the river Jiloca, located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. At the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 307 inhabitants.
Oseja is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 52 inhabitants.
Pina de Ebro is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 2,352 inhabitants.
Ricla is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 2,653 inhabitants.
Talamantes is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 65 inhabitants.
Tosos is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 217 inhabitants.
Villadoz is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census, the municipality has a population of 83 inhabitants.
La Peraleja is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 139 inhabitants.
Puebla de Almenara is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2009 census , the municipality has a population of 474 inhabitants.
Talayuelas, pronounced [ta'la'you'ellas] is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 1,144 inhabitants.
Vara de Rey is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 637 inhabitants.
Villarejo de Fuentes is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2015 census , the municipality has a population of 519 inhabitants.
Albendiego is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 38 inhabitants. It contains the Hermitage of Santa Coloma de Albendiego.
Alustante is a municipality located in the judicial region of Molina de Aragón, in province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2008 census , the village has a population of 236 inhabitants.
Cabanillas del Campo is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2016 census , the municipality had a population of 9,794 inhabitants. 
Cogolludo is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 623 inhabitants. The historic Church of Santa María stands in the town.
Gajanejos is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 68 inhabitants.
Matillas is a municipality in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 171 inhabitants.
Orea is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 258 inhabitants.
Poveda de la Sierra is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 179 inhabitants.
Santiuste is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 24 inhabitants.
Tortuera is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 226 inhabitants.
Yebra is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 508 inhabitants.
Almeida de Sayago is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 619 inhabitants.
Bustillo del Oro is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2009 census , the municipality had a population of 106 inhabitants.
Coreses is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2009 census , the municipality has a population of 1,156 inhabitants.
Fresno de la Ribera is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2009 census , the municipality has a population of 397 inhabitants.
Luelmo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain; and in the territorial area of Sayago. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 228 inhabitants.
Molacillos is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 286 inhabitants.
Muelas de los Caballeros is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 246 inhabitants.
Peleas de Abajo is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 268 inhabitants.
Quiruelas de Vidriales is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 934 inhabitants.
San Miguel del Valle is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 214 inhabitants.
Santovenia is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 367 inhabitants.
Villamayor de Campos is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 492 inhabitants.
Alconada de Maderuelo is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 52 inhabitants.
Carbonero el Mayor is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 2,469 inhabitants.
Encinas is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2014 census , the municipality has a population of 52 inhabitants.
Grajera is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 103 inhabitants.
Moral de Hornuez is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 93 inhabitants.
Rebollo is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 126 inhabitants.
Sauquillo de Cabezas is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 231 inhabitants.
Villeguillo is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2008 census , the municipality has a population of 191 inhabitants.
Almarza is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 609 inhabitants.
Buitrago is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Soria, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 55 inhabitants.
Estepa de San Juan is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 12 inhabitants.
Montenegro de Cameros is a municipality located in the midst of the Iberian System mountains, province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 99 inhabitants.
La Riba de Escalote is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 25 inhabitants.
Vadillo is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 137 inhabitants.
Villar del Campo is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 35 inhabitants.
Larrodrigo is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 190 inhabitants.
Monsagro is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 148 inhabitants.
Pedraza de Alba is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 248 inhabitants.
Poveda de las Cintas is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 242 inhabitants.
Saelices el Chico is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 152 inhabitants.
Sando is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 132 inhabitants.
Tabera de Abajo is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 111 inhabitants.
Valdelacasa is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 242 inhabitants.
Villar de Peralonso is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 249 inhabitants.
Almenara de Adaja is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 37 inhabitants.
Bustillo de Chaves is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 102 inhabitants, and in 2012 it had 79 residents.
Corrales de Duero is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 119 inhabitants.
Llano de Olmedo is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality had a population of 82 inhabitants.
Moral de la Reina is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 245 inhabitants.
Pollos is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 780 inhabitants.
Salvador de Zapardiel is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 188 inhabitants.
Tiedra is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 394 inhabitants.
Valdestillas is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2008 census , the municipality has a population of 1,818 inhabitants.
Villafrades de Campos is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 101 inhabitants.
Villaverde de Medina is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 587 inhabitants.
Blievenstorf is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Gresse is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. During World War II one of the German death marches passed through the town. 
Pritzier is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Scandicci Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Scandicci, Tuscany. It currently plays in Serie D.
Tubersent is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Aore Island is an island in Sanma Province, Vanuatu. It is located opposite Luganville on Espiritu Santo and has an area of 58 km. The estimated terrain elevation above sea level is some 89 meters.
WBXR (1140 AM) is a radio station licensed to Hazel Green, Alabama, that serves the greater Tennessee Valley area. WBXR is licensed to New England Communications, Inc. It airs a Christian ministry format.
The Granitic Seychelles are the islands in the Seychelles which lie in central position on the Seychelles Bank and are composed of granite rock. They make up the majority of the Inner Islands, which in addition include the coral islands along of the rim of the Seychelles Bank, namely Bird Island and Denis Island. 
Meco is a municipality in the eastern part of the Autonomous Community of Madrid, . In 2006, Meco had a population of 11,094 .
Hohenzieritz is a municipality in the district Mecklenburgische Seenplatte, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Voigtsdorf is a municipality in the district Mecklenburgische Seenplatte, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Buchholz is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Vipperow is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Schwarz is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Penkow is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Karnin is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Benz is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. 
Niendorf is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Bernstorf is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Dragun is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Hornstorf is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Testorf-Steinfort is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
WAYS AM 1500, known as 1500 The Fan, is a radio station serving the Macon, Georgia area with a sports radio format. This station is under ownership of Cumulus Media.
Grammendorf is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Papenhagen is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Zarrendorf is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Shaanxi Normal University   is a key institution of higher education in People's Republic of China authorized to grant degrees in various subjects. It was included in the 211 Project in 2006 and started its high-speed development. 
Sheri-Ann Brooks (born 11 February 1983 in Kingston) is a Jamaican sprinter, who specializes in the 100 metres.
Simone Laudehr (born 12 July 1986) is a German footballer. She plays as a central midfielder or winger for Bayern Munich and the German national team.
Stolpe is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. Nearby are the ruins of Stolpe Abbey.
Zirchow is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Rubkow is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Loissin  is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Iven is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. 
Boldekow is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Dobin am See is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Kreien is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
KNSH (1550 AM, "Talk 1550") is a radio station serving the Amarillo, Texas, area with a talk radio format. This station broadcasts on AM frequency 1550 kHz and is under ownership of Cumulus Media. 
KYYI (104.7 FM), branded as "104.7 The Bear", is a radio station serving Wichita Falls, Texas, and vicinity with a classic rock format. It operates on FM frequency 104.7 MHz and is under ownership of Cumulus Media. KYYI's transmitter is located northeast of Electra in northwestern Wichita County.
Heinrich Harder (2 June 1858 – 5 February 1935) was a German artist and an art professor at the Prussian Academy of Arts in Berlin.
Arnold Stadler is a German writer, essayist and translator.
Mustin is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Nazran Airport  is a civil airport located near Nazran, Russia.
Ziegendorf is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Torcy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department of northern France.
Ramin is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Nadrensee is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Ferdinandshof is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Rappin is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Gustow is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
WOTJ (90.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting family Christian programming. Licensed to Morehead City, North Carolina, United States, it serves the Greenville-New Bern, North Carolina area. 
Doris Fitschen (born 25 October 1968 in Zeven) is a retired German football midfielder.
Huwara  is a Palestinian town located in the Nablus Governorate of the northern West Bank, south of Nablus, on the main road connecting Nablus southwards to Ramallah and Jerusalem. It is approximately from Jacob's Well. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of 5,800 in 2006.
Joseph John Heck (born October 30, 1961) is a American U.S. Army Brigadier General, physician, and politician who served as the U.S. Representative for Nevada's 3rd congressional district from 2011 to 2017. Heck, a Republican, is a board-certified physician and served as a Nevada State Senator from 2004 to 2008. He ran for the United States Senate in 2016.
The University of Nicosia  is the largest university in Cyprus. It was established in 1980 and its main campus is located in Nicosia, the capital city of Cyprus. 
Berga is a municipality in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Wallers-en-Fagne  is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Indira Kala Sangeet Vishwavidyalaya , also Indira Kala Sangeet University, is a public university located in Khairagarh, Rajnandgaon district, Chhattisgarh, India.
Philadelphia University is a university in Amman, Jordan.
Buno-Bonnevaux is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Broye-Aubigney-Montseugny is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Lirac is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Le Garn is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Domessargues is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Codolet is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Le Cailar is a commune in the Gard department in southern France. It is located at the confluence of the River Vistre and the River Rhôny. 
Jean-Claude Petit (born 14 November 1943) is a French composer and arranger, born in Vaires-sur-Marne. After accompanying jazzmen in his childhood, Petit went to the Conservatoire de Paris, where he studied harmony and counterpoint. 
Crown Prince Frederik Island  is an island in Nunavut, Canada. It is located off the southern coast of western Baffin Island, in the Qikiqtaaluk Region's side of the Gulf of Boothia. It has an area of .
WNYC-FM (93.9 MHz) is a non-profit, noncommercial, public radio station licensed to New York City. It is owned by New York Public Radio along with WNYC , Newark, New Jersey-licensed classical music outlet WQXR-FM (105.9 MHz), New Jersey Public Radio, and the Jerome L. Greene Performance Space.
The Imprensa Nacional-Casa da Moeda , is the Portuguese mint and national press, owned by the Portuguese Government and administratively subordinated to the Portuguese Ministry of Finance. It is located in Lisbon in the São Mamede  neighborhood.
Britannia Hotels is a British hotel group with 53 hotels across the country. It includes the Pontins Holiday Park portfolio. 
Linga is one of the Shetland Islands, in Yell Sound.
The Breaza is a left tributary of the river Olt in Romania. It discharges into the Olt in Voila. Its source is in the Făgăraș Mountains.
Indy Eleven is an American professional soccer team based in Indianapolis, Indiana. Founded in 2013, the team made its debut in the North American Soccer League in 2014, before moving to the United Soccer League in 2018. The franchise plays its home games at Lucas Oil Stadium, with plans for a new stadium in the city's downtown district.
Hoàng Anh Attapeu F.C. or HAA is a football club, based in Attapeu, Laos, that will compete in the Lao League in 2013. The club plays its home games at Attapeu Stadium.
Makadi Bay is a resort town in Egypt. It is located about 30 kilometers south of Hurghada on the Red Sea.
Maasranga Television  is an HDTV television channel in Bangladesh. The channel got permission from Bangladeshi Government to telecast broadly in 2010. 
Wilhelm von Brandenburg (30 June 1498 – 4 February 1563) was the Archbishop of Riga from 1539 to 1561.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 to elect the 27 U.S. Representatives from the state of New York, one from each of the state's 27 congressional districts. The elections coincided with other elections to the United States Senate and House of Representatives and various state and local elections, including the Governor of New York, Attorney General of New York, and Comptroller of New York.
Radhia Nasraoui (; born in 1953), is a Tunisian lawyer, specializing in human rights, which militates particularly against the use of torture.
Valery Nikolayevich Likhachov (; born 5 December 1947) is a retired Russian cyclist. He was part of the Soviet team that won the 100 km team time trial event at the 1970 UCI Road World Championships and the 1972 Summer Olympics; individually, he finished in 34th place in the road race in 1972.
Metrotown is a town centre serving the southwest quadrant of Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada. It is one of the city's four officially designated town centres, as well as one of Metro Vancouver's regional town centres.
2GO Group Inc. is a Philippines-based company engaged in transporting people and cargo using the fleet of inter-island ferries and cargo ships of the former ATS –-which owned the brands SuperFerry, Cebu Ferries and SuperCat—and Negros Navigation. The China-Asean Investment Cooperation Fund, an investment fund set up by the Chinese government, is the controlling stockholder.
Adrian Hasler (born 11 February 1964) is a politician from Liechtenstein and the current Prime Minister of Liechtenstein.
Song Ok-sook (born August 14, 1960) is a South Korean actress. She has appeared in supporting roles in numerous television dramas, including "Winter Sonata", "Beethoven Virus", "More Charming by the Day", and "Missing You".
Valerian Vladimirovich Kuybyshev (; – 25 January 1935) was a Russian revolutionary, Red Army officer, and prominent Soviet politician.
Technical University of Kenya  is a public university in Nairobi, Kenya. It was chartered in January 2013 by then-president Mwai Kibaki.
Africa International University is a Christian university in Karen, Nairobi, Kenya.
Milton Hatoum (born August 19, 1952) is a Brazilian writer, translator and professor. Hatoum is one of Brazil's most eminent contemporary writers.
Georgy Maximilianovich Malenkov ( – 14 January 1988) was a Soviet politician who briefly succeeded Joseph Stalin as the leader of the Soviet Union. However, at the insistence of the rest of the Presidium, he relinquished control over the party in exchange for remaining first among equals as the country's Premier. 
The Alliance for Real Change  is a Kenyan political party founded in 2010 but registered in 2012, by Mohammed Abduba Dida a candidate in the March 2013 Kenyan Presidential election.
Jessica "Jessie" Diggins (born August 26, 1991) is an American cross country skier. She and teammate Kikkan Randall won the United States' first ever cross-country skiing gold medal at the Winter Olympics in women's team sprint at Pyeongchang in 2018. Diggins was named to the United States Ski Team in 2012.
Association Sportive de Pikine or simply AS Pikine is a Senegalese football club based in Pikine. They play at Stade Alassane Djigo, which has a capacity of 5,000.
The Communist Labour Party was a small Communist Party in Scotland. It was formed in September 1920 by the Scottish Workers' Committee and the Scottish section of the Communist Party  ), some members of the Socialist Labour Party  and various local communist groups. In the same month, the Communist Party of South Wales and the West of England was founded, with a very similar programme.
Ardahan University is a university located in Ardahan, Turkey. It was established in 2008.
The Open Dictionary of English  is a multimedia learners' dictionary, published by 5013 nonprofit organization LearnThat Foundation. It is fully integrated with LearnThatWord, the vocabulary and spelling tutoring program by LearnThat Foundation, and can also be used as a standalone dictionary.
Johannes Leunclavius (c.1533'/41–1594) was a German historian and orientalist. He was an expert in Turkish history, republishing and annotating Ottoman sources. He also edited Xenophon, Cassius Dio and other classical authors.
Chelsea Light Moving is an American alternative rock band formed in 2012 in New York. The band consists of Samara Lubelski, John Moloney, Thurston Moore, and Keith Wood. The band's eponymous debut album was released in 2013 on Matador Records.
The Fall River is a river in southern Vermont and northern Massachusetts, joining the Connecticut River just downstream from Turners Falls, Massachusetts.
Edinburgh Skeptics  is a nonprofit organisation that promotes science, reason and critical thinking in Edinburgh and throughout Scotland. It was founded in 2009. 
The is a river located on the southeast side of the island of Iriomote, one of the Yaeyama Islands of Japan.
Federal University of Technology Minna  is a Federal Government established post-secondary educational institution located in Minna, Nigeria.
Bailey Peninsula is a rocky peninsula, about long and wide, on the Budd Coast of Wilkes Land in Antarctica. It is the site of Australia’s Casey Station.
The Al-Ansar Party is a Salafist political party in Egypt. It is one of three parties that are part of Hazem Salah Abu Ismail's network of political parties; the other two parties are the Egyptian Nation Party and the Flag Party. The party would have been part of a coalition including the People Party, the Building and Development Party and the Virtue Party; however Hazem Salah Abu Ismail formed a coalition called the Nation Alliance without the Al Ansar Party.
The Missouri Western Griffons football program represents Missouri Western State University in college football and competes in the Division II level  of the National Collegiate Athletics Association . In 1989, Missouri Western became a member of the Missouri Intercollegiate Athletic Association, which was renamed the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association , and has remained in the league. 
Harimau Muda C is the team name for the former Malaysia national under-19 club. Football Association of Malaysia managed the Malaysia U-19 team as a football club that took part in Malaysia FAM League from 2013 season. 
The Chila mountain range lies in the Arequipa Region in the Andes of Peru. It extends between 15°02' and 15°26'S and 71°43' and 72°37'W for about 80 km. The range is located in the provinces of Castilla and Caylloma.
The Huallanca mountain range ; also called Chaupi Janca or Shicra Shicra  lies in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Ancash Region, Bolognesi Province. 
Antainambalana  is a river in the region of Analanjirofo in north-eastern Madagascar. It flows down from the highlands to flow into the Bay of Antongil and the Indian Ocean near Maroantsetra.
Lockhart River is a river in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. It is a sub-catchment of the Avon River, and has an area of . 
Tarmac is a British building materials company headquartered in Solihull, England. The company was formed as Lafarge Tarmac in March 2013, by the merger of Anglo American's Tarmac UK and Lafarge's operations in the United Kingdom. 
Aleksandr Gennadyevich Anyukov (; born 28 September 1982) is a Russian association football coach and a former player, who played as a right-back. He is an assistant coach for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg.
The Artsakh national football team  is the national representative of the Republic of Artsakh , which is internationally unrecognized. Consequently, it is not a member of FIFA or UEFA and is therefore not eligible to enter the World Cup or the European Championship.
Omaka Aerodrome is a New Zealand airfield owned by the Marlborough Aero Club. Located two nautical miles to the Southwest of Blenheim, New Zealand at the northern end of the South Island it is the home of the Omaka Aviation Heritage Centre and the Classic Fighters biennial airshow.
Lightworkers Media is an American faith and family film and television production company helmed by President Roma Downey and her husband Mark Burnett and owned by MGM Holdings through MGM Television. LightWorkers Media produced the emmy nominated "The Bible" on the History channel as well as "A.D. The Bible Continues" on NBC, "The Dovekeepers" on CBS , "Women of the Bible" on Lifetime, and Answered Prayers on TLC. They also produced the feature films "Ben-Hur", "Son of God", Little Boy and "Woodlawn".
The Government Affairs Institute  at Georgetown University is a non-profit, non-partisan organization whose mission is to provide education and training about congressional processes, organization, and practices, and about selected legislative policy issues. GAI is affiliated with the McCourt School of Public Policy and Georgetown University in Washington, DC. 
Universal Animation Studios, formerly known as Universal Cartoon Studios, is an American animation studio which is a division of Universal Studios. It has produced sequels to Universal-released feature films, such as "The Land Before Time", "An American Tail", "Balto", as well as other films and television series.
Bandanaira Airport  is the airport in the Banda Islands of Maluku, Indonesia and one of the smallest airports in the country. The Banda Islands are a popular tourist destination for divers and snorkelers.
Quero is a municipality in the province of Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, in central Spain. According to the 2012 census the municipality has a population of 1,311 inhabitants, down from a total of 3,101 in the 1930 census.
Pressed Metal Corporation was an Australian automotive body building and assembly operation based in New South Wales.
Jakab Industries was an Australian coachbuilder in Tamworth, New South Wales.
Inishlyre  is one of the last inhabited small islands in Clew Bay, Ireland, with a population of about 4 people in 2011.
Coach Design is an Australian bus bodybuilder in Archerfield, Brisbane. Until 1992 it traded as GBW.
Express Coach Builders is an Australian bus bodybuilder in Macksville.
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in Louisiana were held on Tuesday, November 4, 2014 to elect the six U.S. Representatives from the state of Louisiana, one from each of the state's six congressional districts. The elections coincided with the elections of other federal and state offices, including the United States Senate.
Symphony Technology Group is an American private equity firm based in Palo Alto, California. Its managing partner is Romesh Wadhwani, who founded the firm in 2002.
HiSilicon  is a Chinese fabless semiconductor company based in Shenzhen, Guangdong and fully owned by Huawei.
Bel RTL is a commercial radio network broadcasting in Brussels and Wallonia . The station is owned by the Radio H holding company, which is part of the Luxembourg-based RTL Group.
Primrose is a suburb of Germiston in Ekurhuleni South Africa.
Coachmaster was an Australian bus bodybuilder in Sydney.
The China Railway Seventh Group  is a subsidiary of the construction conglomerate, China Railway Group Limited .
Pwani University is a public university in the Kilifi County in Kenya, located 60 km north of Mombasa in the resort town of Kilifi, within the larger Kilifi County. Prior to the award of a charter, the university was a constituent college of Kenyatta University. 
Causeway Link  is a public bus operator in Johor Bahru, Malaysia. It operates cross-border services into Singapore via the Johor-Singapore Causeway and Malaysia-Singapore Second Link. 
DHL de Guatemala S.A. is a cargo airline based in Guatemala City, Guatemala. It is wholly owned by Deutsche Post World Net and provides services for the group's DHL-branded logistics network in Guatemala.
The Chalcedon Foundation is an American Christian Reconstructionist organization founded by Rousas John Rushdoony in 1965. Named for the Council of Chalcedon, it has also included theologians such as Gary North, who later founded his own organization, the Institute for Christian Economics.
Diamond Shamrock Corp. or Diamond Shamrock Refining and Marketing was an oil refinery and gas station company in the United States, headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.
WLTL Radio , and formerly known as "Rock88" is a nonprofit high school educational radio station located in LaGrange, Illinois, and run out of Lyons Township High School. WLTL has won several national and local awards.
"This name uses Portuguese naming customs: the first or maternal family name is Fudut and the second or paternal family name is Imbali."
Agropoli  is a town and "comune" located in the Cilento area of the province of Salerno, Campania, Italy. It is situated at the start of the Cilentan Coast, on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
VocalTec Communications Inc. is an Israeli telecom equipment provider. The company was founded in 1989 by Alon Cohen and Lior Haramaty, who patented the first Voice over IP audio transceiver. VocalTec has supplied major customers such as Deutsche Telekom, Telecom Italia, and many others.
Samuel Adjei (born 1 September 1980 in Accra, Ghana) is a Ghanaian retired footballer who last played for Accra Hearts of Oak SC.
Lang Lang is a town in Victoria, Australia, 73 km south-east of Melbourne's Central Business District, located within the Shires of Bass Coast, Cardinia and South Gippsland local government areas. Lang Lang recorded a population of 1,585 at the 2016 Census.
KALC (105.9 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station located in Denver, Colorado. Owned and operated by Entercom, it airs a Top 40  radio format. 
Gareth Cooper (born 7 May 1979 in Bridgend) is a former Wales international rugby union player who played in the scrum-half position.
The French Institute of Petroleum  is a public research organisation in France founded in 1944 as Institute of Oil, Fuels and Lubricants .
Maria Isabel of Braganza (Maria Isabel Francisca de Assis Antónia Carlota Joana Josefa Xavier de Paula Micaela Rafaela Isabel Gonzaga; 19 May 1797 – 26 December 1818) was an Infanta of Portugal who became the Queen of Spain as the second wife of Ferdinand VII of Spain.
Riccardo Montolivo (; born 18 January 1985) is an Italian professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for the Italy national team.
Cabrerets  is a commune in the Lot department in southwestern France.
Guiseley Association Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Guiseley, West Yorkshire, England. They are currently members of and play at Nethermoor Park.
The Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company was a Company in England, formed in 1846, which managed several canals and railways. It intended to convert a number of canals to railways, but was leased by the London and North Western Railway  from 1847, and although they built one railway in their own right, the LNWR were keen that they did not build any more. 
Margaret Theresa of Spain (, ; 12 July 1651 – 12 March 1673) was, by marriage, Holy Roman Empress, German Queen, Archduchess of Austria and Queen of Hungary and Bohemia. She was the daughter of King Philip IV of Spain and the elder full-sister of Charles II, the last of the Spanish Habsburgs. 
The Vesle is the river on which the city of Reims stands. It is a fourth order river of France and a left-bank tributary of the Aisne. 
Vision Vancouver is a social democratic and green liberal municipal political party in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Vision was formed in the months leading up to the 2005 municipal election.
Metro Broadcast Corporation Ltd.  is one of Hong Kong's three radio broadcasting corporations. It was founded on 1 July 1991, and is owned by the Hong Kong-listed Cheung Kong  Limited and Hutchison Whampoa Limited now.
WSMW ("98.7 Simon FM") is an adult hits station licensed to Greensboro, North Carolina and serving the Piedmont Triad region, including High Point and Winston-Salem. The Entercom outlet broadcasts at 98.7 MHz and uses the slogan "We Play Everything!"
Marcel Reinier Wouda (born 23 January 1972, Tilburg) is a former Dutch swimmer, who became the first Dutch world champion in men's swimming when he won the world title in the 200 m individual medley at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships in Perth, Australia. He was the coach of Olympic champions Maarten van der Weijden and Hinkelien Schreuder at the Nationaal Zweminstituut Eindhoven.
Penteli  is a town and a municipality in the North Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece. It belongs to the Athens metropolitan area. It takes its name from Mount Pentelicus.
Jonathan Frederick Togo (born August 25, 1977) is an American actor, best known for his role in "" as Ryan Wolfe.
Santa Clara Island  is a tiny, uninhabited island in the Pacific Ocean, off the coast of Robinson Crusoe Island in a group of islands known as the Juan Fernández Islands. The island is of volcanic origin and is approximately long and wide. The island group is politically part of the South American country Chile, and is administratively assigned to the Region of Valparaíso.
William Lorimer (April 27, 1861September 13, 1934) was a U.S. Representative from the State of Illinois. He subsequently served in the United States Senate and was known as the "Blond Boss" in Chicago. 
Gabriele Veneziano (; ; born 7 September 1942) is an Italian theoretical physicist and one of the pioneers of string theory. He has conducted most of his scientific activities at CERN in Geneva, Switzerland, and held the Chair of Elementary Particles, Gravitation and Cosmology at the Collège de France in Paris from 2004 to 2013.
Estanislao Struway Samaniego (born 25 June 1968) is a former football  midfielder from Paraguay, who was nicknamed Taní during his career.
Cape Woolamai is a small town and headland at the south eastern tip of Phillip Island in Victoria, Australia. It is home to Cape Woolamai State Faunal Reserve, and the Phillip Island Airport. 
Abercrombie River, a perennial river that is part of the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.
Bloemfontein Celtic is a South African football club based in Bloemfontein that plays in the Premier Soccer League.
Augustus William of Prussia (German: "August Wilhelm"; 9 August 1722 – 12 June 1758) was Prince of Prussia and a younger brother and general of Frederick II.
Orcon Limited  is a New Zealand telecommunications company. It is New Zealand's fourth largest Internet service provider . 
Robert John Aumann (Hebrew name: , Yisrael Aumann; born June 8, 1930) is an Israeli-American mathematician, and a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences. He is a professor at the Center for the Study of Rationality in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel. He also holds a visiting position at Stony Brook University, and is one of the founding members of the Stony Brook Center for Game Theory.
Ataun is a town located at the foot of the Aralar Range in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, in the north of Spain.
Elgeta  is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Irura is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Mutiloa is a town and municipality located in the Goierri region of the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.
Soraluze  or Placencia de las Armas , officially Soraluze-Placencia de las Armas, is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Basque Country, Spain.
Dolores Candelaria Mora Vega (November 17, 1866 - June 7, 1936) known professionally as Lola Mora, was a sculptor born in El Tala, Salta Province in Argentina. She is known today as a rebel and a pioneer of women in her artistic field.
The Museum of Marrakech is an art museum located in the old center of Marrakesh, Morocco. 
Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bonnyrigg, Sydney, New South Wales, playing in the National Premier Leagues NSW. The club was founded in 1968 as Avala Sports Club and took its current name in 1992.
Claudia Karvan (born 19 May 1972) is an Australian actress, best known for her roles in the television series "The Secret Life of Us", "Newton's Law" and "Love My Way". She was also a producer and writer on "Love My Way". 
Areatza  is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Bedia is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Erandio is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Gatika  is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain. As of 2009, it has 1,559 inhabitants.
Kortezubi is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Autonomous Community, northern Spain. It has 412 inhabitants.
Maruri-Jatabe is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Muskiz is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Società Sportiva Dilettantistica Acireale Calcio 1946 is an Italian association football club, based in Acireale, a city of 67,000 inhabitants 18 km away from Catania in Sicily. The club currently plays in Serie D but it have spent most of their history in Serie C, although they have played for two seasons in Serie B.
Michael Weiss (born August 2, 1976) is an American former competitive and currently professional figure skater. He is in the U.S. Figure Skating Hall of Fame and is a three-time national champion (1999, 2000, 2003) a two-time World bronze medalist (1999, 2000), and a two-time Olympic team member.
Solidere s.a.l. is a Lebanese joint-stock company in charge of planning and redeveloping Beirut Central District following the conclusion, in 1990, of the devastating Lebanese Civil War. 
KTBZ-FM (94.5 MHz "94.5 The Buzz") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Houston, Texas. It is owned by iHeartMedia, and airs an Active Rock/Alternative Rock radio format. 
The Menomonee River is one of three primary rivers in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
WNSW (1430 AM) is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Newark, New Jersey, serving the New York Metropolitan area. Since 2014, the station has been owned and operated by Starboard Broadcasting's Relevant Radio Roman Catholic radio network. Its transmitters are located in Clifton, New Jersey.
Aremberg is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Joseph Francis Mazzello III (born September 21, 1983) is an American actor, director, and screenwriter. He is best known for his roles as Tim Murphy in "Jurassic Park", Eugene Sledge in the HBO miniseries "The Pacific", Dustin Moskovitz in "The Social Network" and Queen bass player John Deacon in the biopic "Bohemian Rhapsody".
Artena is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome, Italy. It is situated in the northwest of Monti Lepini, in the upper valley of the Sacco River. 
The Austrian Littoral  was a crown land  of the Austrian Empire, established in 1849. It consisted of three regions: the Istria peninsula, Gorizia and Gradisca, and the Imperial Free City of Trieste. 
KOKH-TV, virtual channel 25 (UHF digital channel 24), is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States. The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, as part of a duopoly with CW affiliate KOCB (channel 34). 
Christopher Andrew Egan (born 29 June 1986) is an Australian actor. He played Nick Smith in the Australian soap opera "Home and Away" from 2000 to 2003, and David Shepherd on the NBC television drama "Kings". 
Sukarrieta  is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Zeberio  is a municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.
Artziniega  is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.
Elvillar  is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.
Oquendo  is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.
Jonzun Crew was an electro and early funk–hip hop group that was active in the 1980s. The group was led by Michael Jonzun, his brothers Maurice Starr and Soni Jonzun, and Carl .
Allo is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. It had a population of 1,075 in 2011.
Aras is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Areso is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Azagra is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Basaburua is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Alan Joseph Shatter (born 14 February 1951) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served as Minister for Justice and Equality and Minister for Defence from 2011 to 2014. He was a Teachta Dála  for the Dublin South constituency from 1981 to 2002, again from 2007 to 2016.
Andrzej Bartkowiak, A.S.C. (born 6 March 1950) is a Polish cinematographer and director.
Vyacheslav Ivanovich Ivanov (; – 16 July 1949) was a Russian poet and playwright associated with the Russian Symbolist movement. He was also a philosopher, translator, and literary critic.
Baztan is a municipality from the Chartered Community of Navarre, northern Spain. It is located from Pamplona, the capital of Navarre. 
Società di Educazione Fisica Torres 1903  is an Italian association football club based in Sassari, Sardinia. The team currently plays in Serie D.
William Walden Rubey (December 19, 1898 – April 12, 1974) was an American geologist.
The Forest of Argonne is a long strip of rocky mountain and wild woodland in north-eastern France, approximately east of Paris, France.
Anadarko Petroleum Corporation is a company engaged in hydrocarbon exploration. It is organized in Delaware and headquartered in two skyscrapers in The Woodlands, Texas: the Allison Tower and the Hackett Tower, both named after former CEOs of the company.
The Lakshmana Tirtha  is a river of Karnataka, India. It rises in Kodagu district and flows eastward. It joins the Kaveri in the Krishna Raja Sagara lake.
Delphine Combe (born December 6, 1974 in Aubenas, Ardèche) is a French sprinter. She won a bronze medal in 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics and a gold medal in the same event at the 2002 European Championships in Athletics.
George of Pisidia  was a Byzantine poet, born in Pisidia, who flourished during the 7th century AD. 
Patrick Doyle (born 6 April 1953) is a Scottish film composer. A longtime collaborator of actor-director Kenneth Branagh, Doyle is known for his work composing for films such as "Henry V" (1989), "Sense and Sensibility" (1995), "Hamlet" (1996), and "Gosford Park" (2001), as well as "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" (2005), "Eragon" (2006), "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" and "Thor" (both 2011). 
The University for Foreigners Perugia , established in 1921, is the oldest university oriented towards study by foreign students for the Italian language and culture. The university is located in Perugia, Italy, a city rich in history and culture.
Platy  is a town and a municipality in eastern Imathia, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Alexandreia, of which it is a municipal unit. 
Coleambally  is a small town in the Riverina of New South Wales, Australia, in Murrumbidgee Council.
Prince Valdemar of Denmark, (27 October 1858 – 14 January 1939) was the third son and youngest child of Christian IX and Louise of Hesse-Kassel. He had a lifelong naval career.
Eboli  is a town and "comune" of Campania, southern Italy, in the province of Salerno, on the south edge of the hills overlooking the valley of the Sele.
Impellitteri is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California, United States, formed and led by guitarist Chris Impellitteri. It has released ten studio albums featuring Chris Impellitteri's speed/shred style of playing.
Axel Paulsen (18 July 1855 – 9 February 1938) was a Norwegian figure skater and speed skater. He invented the figure skating Axel jump and held the world title in speed skating from 1882 to 1890. In 1976 he was inducted into the World Figure Skating Hall of Fame.
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited  operates a stock market and futures market in Hong Kong through its wholly owned subsidiaries The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited  and Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited .
The Union for the Republic and Democracy  is a political party in Mali, led by Soumaïla Cissé.
Caparroso is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in the north of Spain.
Donamaria is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Etayo  is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Garralda is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Ituren is a Basque town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Ituren sits on a westernmost outlying area of the Pyrenees, 56.5 km north of Pamplona. 
Legaria is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. A stream passes on the north side of the town. Nearby towns are Ancín and Murieta.
Mendavia is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. The Postal code is 31587.
Murieta is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. It covers an area of 4,51 km². 
Olejua  is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Chevrainvilliers is a commune in the department in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Sesma is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Ultzama  is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Ultzama is also the name of the river from which the valley takes its name. It is located 22km North of Pamplona, the capital city of Navarre.
Raphael Homer "Ray" Bryant (December 24, 1931 – June 2, 2011) was an American jazz pianist, composer, and arranger.
Horst Lorenz Seehofer (born 4 July 1949) is a German politician serving as Leader of the Christian Social Union  from 2008 to 2019 and Minister of the Interior, Building and Community since 2018 under Chancellor Angela Merkel. From 2008 to 2018, he was Minister President of Bavaria; he also served as President of the Bundesrat between 2011 and 2012.
Qingdao Liuting International Airport is the main international airport serving the city of Qingdao in Shandong Province, China. It is about from the city center and serves as a hub for Shandong Airlines, Beijing Capital Airlines and Qingdao Airlines as well as a focus city for China Eastern Airlines.
Naval Station Mayport is a major United States Navy base in Jacksonville, Florida. It contains a protected harbor that can accommodate aircraft carrier-size vessels, ship's intermediate maintenance activity  and a military airfield  with one asphalt paved runway (5/23) measuring .
Annibale de Gasparis (9 November 1819, Bugnara – 21 March 1892, Naples; ) was an Italian astronomer, born in Bugnara to parents originally from Tocco da Casauria.
Jerrel "Jimmy" Floyd Hasselbaink (born 27 March 1972) is a Dutch former professional footballer and current manager.
Rufino del Carmen Arellanes Tamayo (August 25, 1899 – June 24, 1991) was a Mexican painter of Zapotec heritage, born in Oaxaca de Juárez, Mexico. Tamayo was active in the mid-20th century in Mexico and New York, painting figurative abstraction with surrealist influences.
Joshua Brewster Bolten (born August 16, 1954) is an American lawyer and politician. Bolten served as the White House Chief of Staff to U.S. President George W. Bush, replacing Andrew Card on April 14, 2006.
The Scottish Labour Party , also known as the Scottish Parliamentary Labour Party, was formed by Robert Bontine Cunninghame Graham, the first socialist MP in the parliament of the United Kingdom, who later went on to become the first president of the Scottish National Party, and Keir Hardie, who later became the first leader of the British Labour Party.
Charles Theophilus Metcalfe, 1st Baron Metcalfe, (30 January 1785 – 5 September 1846), known as Sir Charles Metcalfe, Bt between 1822 and 1845, was a British colonial administrator. He held appointments including acting Governor-General of India, Governor of Jamaica and Governor General of the Province of Canada.
James Hoban (1755 – December 8, 1831) was an Irish architect, best known for designing the White House in Washington, D.C.
Thomas Graves, 1st Baron Graves KB (23 October 1725 – 9 February 1802) was a British Admiral of the Royal Navy and colonial official. He served in the Seven Years' War and the American War of Independence. 
Richard Bassett (April 2, 1745 – September 15, 1815) was an American lawyer and political figure from the state of Delaware who, as a veteran of the Revolutionary War and delegate to the Constitutional Convention of 1787, is considered one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. A member of the Federalist Party, he served in the Delaware General Assembly, as Governor of Delaware, and as U.S. Senator from Delaware. He holds the Senate Rank of 1, as the most senior United States Senator during the First Congress of the United States.
Michael Daniel Higgins (; born 18 April 1941) is an Irish politician who has served as the President of Ireland since November 2011.
Greenock Juniors Football Club are a Scottish football club based in Greenock, Inverclyde. They compete in Central League Division One of the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region and play home matches at Ravenscraig Stadium, on Auchmead Road - a five-minute walk from Branchton railway station. The club were recently decanted as the venue was upgraded in preparation for the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Gerardo Murillo Cornado (October 3, 1875 – August 15, 1964) was a Mexican painter and writer who signed his works "Dr. Atl".
Doris Batcheller Humphrey (October 17, 1895 – December 29, 1958) was an American dancer and choreographer of the early twentieth century. Along with her contemporaries Martha Graham and Katherine Dunham, Humphrey was one of the second generation modern dance pioneers who followed their forerunners – including Isadora Duncan, Ruth St. Denis, and Ted Shawn – in exploring the use of breath and developing techniques still taught today. 
Montagu Island  is the largest of the South Sandwich Islands, located in the Weddell Sea off the coast of Antarctica. It is a part of the British Overseas Territory, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. It is located northeast from Bristol Island and south from Saunders Island.
The Manx Labour Party is a political party on the Isle of Man that was founded in 1918.
The Barbara Hepworth Museum and Sculpture Garden in St Ives, Cornwall preserves the 20th-century sculptor Barbara Hepworth's studio and garden much as they were when she lived and worked there. She purchased the site in 1949 and lived and worked there for 26 years until her death in a fire on the premises in 1975.
John Marc DeMatteis (; born December 15, 1953) is an American writer of comic books, television and novels.
Mark Alan Webber (born 27 August 1976) is an Australian former professional racing driver, who last competed in the FIA World Endurance Championship as a Porsche works driver in LMP1, in which he won the championship in 2015. Webber won nine Formula One Grands Prix and finished third in the championship in , and , all of which achieved while driving for Red Bull Racing.
Ammanford  is a town and community in Carmarthenshire, Wales, with a population of 5,411 at the 2011 census. It is a former coal mining town.
Woodstock is a market town and civil parish northwest of Oxford in Oxfordshire, England. The 2011 Census recorded the parish population as 3,100.
Pender Island  is one of the Southern Gulf Islands located in the Gulf of Georgia, British Columbia, Canada. Pender Island is approximately in area and is home to about 2,250 permanent residents, as well as a large seasonal population. 
Colleville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in Normandie region in northwestern France.
Emily Howard Stowe (née Jennings, May 1, 1831 – April 30, 1903) was the first female physician to practise in Canada, the second licensed female physician in Canada and an activist for women's rights and suffrage. Stowe helped found the women's suffrage movement in Canada and campaigned for the country's first medical college for women.
Alexander Dubin (June 10, 1891 – February 11, 1945) was an American lyricist. He is best known for his collaborations with the composer Harry Warren.
The airline operates flights from Chōfu Airport, in Tokyo and west of the 23 Special Wards to the following destinations within Japan (as of June 2014):
Alexandre Daigle (born February 7, 1975) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Drafted first overall by the Ottawa Senators in the 1993 NHL Entry Draft, Daigle failed to live up to the high expectations, achieving a career-high of only 51 points in three separate National Hockey League  regular seasons. 
The Ghana Air Force  is the aerial warfare organizational military branch of the Ghanaian Armed Forces . The GHF, along with the Ghanaian army  and Ghanaian navy , make up the Ghanaian Armed Forces  which are controlled by the Ghanaian Ministry of Defence .
Heckmondwike is a town and electoral ward in the metropolitan borough of Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England, south west of Leeds. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it is close to Cleckheaton and Liversedge. 
Cordebugle  is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Ludovico Maria Enrico Einaudi OMRI (; born 23 November 1955) is an Italian pianist and composer. Trained at the Conservatorio Verdi in Milan, Einaudi began his career as a classical composer, later incorporating other styles and genres such as pop, rock, folk, and world music.
Crouay is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Aviogenex  was a Serbian and Yugoslavian charter airline based at Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport. It operated regular and ad hoc charter flights as well as wet-lease services. 
BBC Wiltshire is the BBC Local Radio station and BBC Online service for the English county of Wiltshire.
Jade Errol Puget (born November 28, 1973) is an American musician and producer, best known as the guitarist for the rock band AFI (joined in 1998), the guitarist/writer for the straight edge hardcore band XTRMST, and the keyboardist/synthesizer operator for the electronic duo Blaqk Audio. Puget is vegetarian and straight edge.
The Victorian Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of Victoria in Australia; the upper house being the Victorian Legislative Council. Both houses sit at Parliament House in Spring Street, Melbourne.
Ernst Bloch (; July 8, 1885 – August 4, 1977) was a German Marxist philosopher.
The BBC Home Service was a British national radio station that broadcast from 1939 until 1967, when it became the current BBC Radio 4.
Marion Anne Perrine "Marine" Le Pen (; born 5 August 1968) is a French politician and lawyer serving as President of the National Rally political party  since 2011, with a brief interruption in 2017. She has been the member of the National Assembly for Pas-de-Calais's 11th constituency since 18 June 2017.
James Alward Van Fleet (March 19, 1892 – September 23, 1992) was a U.S. Army officer during World War I, World War II and the Korean War. Van Fleet was a native of New Jersey, who was raised in Florida and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy. He served as a regimental, divisional and corps commander during World War II and as the commanding General of U.S. Army and other United Nations forces during the Korean War.
Miami-Dade Transit  is the primary public transit authority of Miami, Florida, United States and the greater Miami-Dade County area. It is the largest transit system in Florida and the 15th-largest transit system in the United States.
South Carolina State University  is a public historically black university in Orangeburg, South Carolina. It is the only public, historically black land-grant institution in South Carolina, is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund, and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools .
Friedrich Gustav Maximilian Schreck (6 September 1879 – 20 February 1936), known professionally as Max Schreck, was a German actor, best known for his lead role as the vampire Count Orlok in the film "Nosferatu" (1922).
Bernhard Langer (; born 27 August 1957) is a German professional golfer. He is a two-time Masters champion and was one of the world's leading golfers throughout the 1980s and 1990s. 
Ptolemy IX Soter II , commonly nicknamed Lathyros , reigned twice as king of Ptolemaic Egypt. He took the throne after the death of his father Ptolemy VIII in 116 BC, in joint rule with his mother Cleopatra III. 
Lesko (or "Lisko" until 1926; , alias "Olesco Lescovium"; ) is a town in south-eastern Poland with a population of 5,755 situated in the Bieszczady mountains. It is located in the heartland of the Doły , and its average altitude is above sea level, although there are some hills located within the confines of the city. Since 2002 it has been the capital of Lesko County.
The Jebel Akhdar , is part of Al Hajar Mountains range in Ad Dakhiliyah Governorate of Oman. It extends about northwest to southeast, between inland from the coast of the Gulf of Oman. 
Frithjof Schuon  (June 18, 1907 – May 5, 1998), also known as Īsā Nūr al-Dīn, was an author of German ancestry born in Basel, Switzerland. He was a philosopher and metaphysician inspired by the Hindu philosophy of Advaita Vedanta and Sufism and the author of numerous books on religion and spirituality. He was also a poet and a painter.
Cuenca  is a city in the autonomous community of Castile–La Mancha in central Spain. It is the capital of the province of Cuenca.
Mamayev Kurgan  is a dominant height overlooking the city of Volgograd  in Southern Russia. The name in Russian means "tumulus of Mamai". 
East Falkland  is the largest island of the Falklands in the South Atlantic, having an area of or 54% of the total area of the Falklands. The island consists of two main land masses, of which the more southerly is known as Lafonia; it is joined by a narrow isthmus that was the scene of the Battle of Goose Green during the Falklands War.
Robert Hobart, 4th Earl of Buckinghamshire, (6 May 17604 February 1816), styled Lord Hobart from 1793 to 1804, was a British Tory politician.
H.P. Bulmer is a cider-making company founded in 1887 in Hereford, England. 
The House of Assembly, or lower house, is one of the two chambers of the Parliament of South Australia. The other is the Legislative Council. It sits in Parliament House in the state capital, Adelaide.
David Bryan Rashbaum (born February 7, 1962), best known as simply David Bryan, is an American musician and songwriter, best known as the keyboard player for the rock band Bon Jovi, with which he has also co-written songs and performed backing vocals. He is the writer of the successful Broadway musical "Memphis". In 2018, Bryan was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Bon Jovi.
The Mad Capsule Markets  were a Japanese band that formed in 1985 and were active until 2006. The band became known for their experimental style, which melded various kinds of electronic music and punk rock.
The Engine Alliance  is an American aircraft engine manufacturer based in East Hartford, Connecticut. The company is a 50/50 joint venture between GE Aviation, a subsidiary of General Electric, and Pratt & Whitney, a subsidiary of United Technologies. 
Rachel Sweet (born July 28, 1962 in Akron, Ohio) is an American singer, television writer and actress.
Rhenish Hesse or Rhine-Hesse  is a region and a former government district  in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate, made up of those territories west of the Upper Rhine river that from 1816 were part of the Grand Duchy of Hesse and of the People's State of Hesse until 1945. The hilly countryside is largely devoted to vineyards, comprising the Rheinhessen wine region.
Sinharaja Forest Reserve is a national park and a biodiversity hotspot in Sri Lanka. It is of international significance and has been designated a Biosphere Reserve and World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
Ducy-Sainte-Marguerite is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
The Shiant Isles  are a privately owned island group in the Minch, east of Harris in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. They are five miles south east of Lewis.
Cornelius Alexander McGillicuddy III (born October 29, 1940), popularly known as Connie Mack III, is an American Republican former politician. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Florida from 1983 to 1989 and then as a Senator from 1989 to 2001. 
Walter Garrison Runciman, 3rd Viscount Runciman of Doxford, (born 10 November 1934), usually known informally as Garry Runciman, is a leading British historical sociologist.
Dennis Frank Wise (born 16 December 1966) is an English former football player and manager, and former Executive Director of Football at Newcastle United.
Karelia , the land of the Karelian people, is an area in Northern Europe of historical significance for Finland, Russia, and Sweden. It is currently divided among the northwestern Russian Federation  and Finland .
José Bento Renato Monteiro Lobato (April 18, 1882 – July 4, 1948) was one of Brazil's most influential writers, mostly for his children's books set in the fictional Sítio do Picapau Amarelo  but he had been previously a prolific writer of fiction, a translator and an art critic. He also founded one of Brazil's first publishing houses  and was a supporter of nationalism.
Jerome Bernard Orbach (October 20, 1935 – December 28, 2004) was an American actor and singer, described at the time of his death as "one of the last" bona fide" leading men of the Broadway musical and global celebrity on television" and a "versatile stage and film actor".
Daniel Francis Haggerty (November 19, 1941 – January 15, 2016) was an American actor who is best known playing the title role in the film and television series "The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams".
Henri Queuille (; 31 March 1884 – 15 June 1970) was a French Radical politician prominent in the Third and Fourth Republics. After World War II, he served three times as Prime Minister.
Thomas Sturges Watson (born September 4, 1949) is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour Champions, formerly on the PGA Tour.
The Kishon River  is a river in Israel that flows into the Mediterranean Sea near the city of Haifa.
The New River is a 50-mile (80-km) long river in southeastern North Carolina in the United States. It empties into the Atlantic Ocean.
Naushon Island is the largest of the Elizabeth Islands in southeastern Massachusetts. It is part of the town of Gosnold, Massachusetts, and owned by the Forbes family. As of the 2000 census, the island had a permanent population of 30 persons.
Carl Jakob Sundevall (22 October 1801, Högestad – 2 February 1875) was a Swedish zoologist.
Harold Brown (September 19, 1927 – January 4, 2019) was an American nuclear physicist who served as United States Secretary of Defense from 1977 to 1981, under President Jimmy Carter. Previously, in the John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson administrations, he held the posts of Director of Defense Research and Engineering (1961–1965) and United States Secretary of the Air Force (1965–1969).
The Christian Coalition was an Evangelical Christian political party operating in New Zealand. It was an alliance of the now-defunct Christian Heritage Party and the Christian Democrats, New Zealand's two theologically conservative Christian parties. 
The Beloved are a British electronic group best known for the singles "Sweet Harmony", "The Sun Rising", "Hello", "Your Love Takes Me Higher", and "Satellite".
Comerica Incorporated is a financial services company headquartered in Dallas, Texas. It has retail banking operations in Texas, Michigan, Arizona, California and Florida, with select business operations in several other U.S. states, as well as in Canada and Mexico.
Gerhard Rohlfs (Berlin-Lichterfelde, July 14, 1892 – Tübingen, September 12, 1986) was a German linguist. He taught Romance languages and literature at the universities of Tübingen and Munich in Germany. 
Robert Trujillo (; ; born October 23, 1964), is an American musician and songwriter. He has been the bassist of the American heavy metal band Metallica since 2003. He was also a member of crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies, funk metal supergroup Infectious Grooves, heavy metal band Black Label Society, and has worked with Jerry Cantrell and Ozzy Osbourne.
Nazareth are a Scottish hard rock band formed in 1968, that had several hits in the United Kingdom, as well as in several other West European countries in the early 1970s, and established an international audience with their 1975 album "Hair of the Dog", which featured their hits "Hair of the Dog" and a cover of the ballad "Love Hurts". The band continues to record and tour.
Michael Amott (born 28 July 1969) is a Swedish guitarist, songwriter, founding member of the bands Arch Enemy, Spiritual Beggars, and Carnage, as well as a former member of the extreme metal band Carcass. He is the older brother of Christopher Amott. Some major influences in his music have been Tony Iommi, Michael Schenker, Uli Jon Roth and Dave Mustaine.
The Edgware, Highgate and London Railway was a railway in north London. The railway was a precursor of parts of London Underground's Northern line and was, in the 1930s the core of an ambitious expansion plan for that line which was thwarted by the Second World War. 
Christine Truman Janes (born 16 January 1941) is a former tennis player from the United Kingdom who was active from the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s. She won a singles Grand Slam title at the French Championships in 1959 and was a finalist at Wimbledon and the U.S. Championships. She helped Great Britain win the Wightman Cup in 1958, 1960 and 1968.
The Union for Democracy and National Solidarity  is an oppositional political party in Benin.
Frain is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Overstock.com, Inc. is an American internet retailer headquartered in Midvale, Utah, near Salt Lake City. 
Hettstedt is a town in Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, on the Wipper.
Simonne Mathieu (; 31 January 1908 – 7 January 1980) was a female tennis player from France, born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine who was active in the 1930s. Her first name is spelled "Simone" in many sources.
Garcelle Beauvais (: born November 26, 1966) is a Haitian-American actress and former fashion model. She is best known for her roles as Francesca "Fancy" Monroe on The WB television sitcom, "The Jamie Foxx Show", which ran from 1996 to 2001, and as Valerie Heywood on the ABC crime drama, "NYPD Blue".
Communist Labour Party of Turkey  is an illegal communist party in Turkey. TKEP was founded on May 1, 1980 by the People's Liberation Army of Turkey-Unity in Struggle . 
USC Pacific Asia Museum is an Asian art museum located at 46 N. Los Robles Avenue, Pasadena, California, United States.
Norwood Green is a place in the London Borough of Ealing in London, England. It is a suburban development centred west of Charing Cross and ENE of Heathrow Airport. 
Time Requiem is a Swedish neoclassical power metal band created by Richard Andersson in 2001. Andersson created the band that summer, when he felt that his previous project - Majestic - had come to a dead end.
De Witt Island, also known as Big Witch, is an island located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia. The island is the largest of the Maatsuyker Islands Group, and comprises part of the Southwest National Park and the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Site. The island is listed on the Australian Register of the National Estate.
Jonatan Lillebror Johansson (born 16 August 1975) is a Finnish former football player and coach.
Abu Kalijar Marzuban (died October 1048) was the Buyid amir of Fars (1024–1048), Kerman (1028–1048) and Iraq (1044–1048). He was the eldest son of Sultan al-Dawla.
The National Federation of the Blind  is an organization of blind people in the United States. It is the oldest and largest organization led by blind people in the United States. Its national headquarters are in Baltimore, Maryland.
Laurent Terzieff (27 June 1935, in Toulouse – 2 July 2010, in Paris) was a French actor.
Padiham Football Club are an English football team based in Padiham, Lancashire. As of 2017–18, they play in the 
WPIT (730 AM) is a hybrid religious and Christian contemporary radio station based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The station is licensed to Pennsylvania Media Associates, Inc which is wholly owned by Salem Communications Holding Corporation, which is, in turn, owned by Salem Communications Corporation. 
Banon is a commune in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.
WPKV is an American radio station, serving the Pittsburgh area. The station operates at 98.3 MHz with an ERP 3.5 kW and is licensed to Duquesne, Pennsylvania. Its transmitter is located in Pittsburgh. 
Brownsville/South Padre Island International Airport is five miles (7 km) east of downtown Brownsville, Cameron County, Texas.
WPTS-FM is a non-commercial radio station owned by the University of Pittsburgh, and offers a mix of student-run programming, ranging from music programming to news and sports coverage. The station operates at 92.1 MHz with an ERP of 16 watts, and is licensed to Pittsburgh. Its transmitter is located on the top of the university's Cathedral of Learning in Pittsburgh.
Arthur Harbour  is a small harbour entered between Bonaparte Point and Amsler Island on the south-west coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.
The Weinviertel  or Viertel unter dem Manhartsberg  is located in the northeast of Lower Austria.
Martin van Marum (20 March 1750, Delft – 26 December 1837, Haarlem) was a Dutch physician, inventor, scientist and teacher, who studied medicine and philosophy in Groningen. Van Marum introduced modern chemistry in the Netherlands after the theories of Lavoisier, and several scientific applications for general use. 
Litchfield Island is a rocky island long and rising to , lying in Arthur Harbour, south of Norsel Point, off the south-west coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.
Jeffrey "Jeff" Young (born March 31, 1962) is an American guitarist. He graduated from Musicians Institute in 1985, and is best known for his time with the thrash metal band Megadeth, appearing on the 1988 album "So Far, So Good... So What!". 
The Bad Axe River is a tributary of the Mississippi River in southwestern Wisconsin in the United States. "Bad axe" is a translation from the French, "la mauvaise hache", but the origin of the name is unknown. 
Communist Party of Argentina   is a political party in Argentina founded at the Congress held in "Casa Suiza", Buenos Aires, on December 1–2, 1996, following a split from the Communist Party of Argentina. It is led by Pablo Pereyra.
Katja Kipping (born 18 January 1978) is a German politician who is chairperson of The Left and a member of the Bundestag .
Nesle  is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Mona Iannotti, who goes by Mona Marshall, is an American voice actress known for her work in a number of cartoons, anime shows, films and video games. Her major credits include "South Park", where she voices many of the female characters on the show; "", "CBS Storybreak", and "Digimon". She has also appeared on-stage for television shows such as "Cheers" and "Who's the Boss?"
Charnoz-sur-Ain is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Collonges is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France. Just outside the village is Fort l'Écluse.
Dompierre-sur-Chalaronne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Giron is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Lhuis is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Mionnay is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Neuville-sur-Ain is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Marguerite de Navarre (, "Marguerite d'Alençon"; 11 April 149221 December 1549), also known as Marguerite of Angoulême and Margaret of Navarre, was the princess of France, Queen of Navarre, and Duchess of Alençon and Berry. She was married to Henry II of Navarre. 
Central Ohio Technical College  is a public two-year technical college located in Newark, Ohio, with extended campuses in Pataskala, Knox, and Coshocton. Founded in 1971, COTC is located on a shared campus with Ohio State University at Newark and currently offers 31 associate degree programs and 12 certificate programs, including the Associate of Applied Science , Associate of Applied Business , and Associate of Technical Studies  degrees.
Choi Min-sik (born May 30, 1962) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his critically acclaimed roles in "Oldboy" (2003), "I Saw the Devil" (2010), and "" (2014). He also starred alongside Scarlett Johansson in the 2014 film "Lucy".
Princess Louise Auguste of Denmark and Norway (7 July 1771 – 13 January 1843) was the daughter of the Queen of Denmark, Caroline Matilda of Great Britain. Though officially regarded as the daughter of King Christian VII, it is widely accepted that her biological father was Johann Friedrich Struensee, the king’s royal physician and "de facto" regent of the country at the time of her birth. 
Venasque  is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
The Kentucky Railway Museum, now located in New Haven, Kentucky, United States, is a non-profit railroad museum dedicated to educating the public regarding the history and heritage of Kentucky's railroads and the people who built them. Originally created in 1954 in Louisville, Kentucky, the museum is at its third location, in extreme southern Nelson County. 
Plagne is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Reyrieux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
The Party for Democracy and Progress  was a political party in Burkina Faso (former Upper Volta. 
Hugh Edward McElhenny Jr. (born December 31, 1928) is a former professional American football player who was a halfback in the National Football League  from 1952 to 1964 for the San Francisco 49ers, Minnesota Vikings, New York Giants, and Detroit Lions. He was noted for his explosive, elusive running style and was frequently called "The King" and "Hurryin' Hugh". A member of San Francisco's famed Million Dollar Backfield and one of the franchise's most popular players, McElhenny's number 39 jersey is retired by the 49ers and he is a member of the San Francisco 49ers Hall of Fame.
Saint-Jean-de-Niost is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Oneida County Airport was a public airport in Whitestown in Oneida County, New York, six miles (10 km) northwest of downtown Utica. The airport covered and had two runways.
Tramoyes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Lionsgate Home Entertainment  is the home video distribution arm of Lionsgate.
Lee Eul-Yong  (born September 8, 1975) is a South Korean former football player and a coach who is currently coaching FC Seoul since 20 January. 
The International Centre of Insect Physiology and Ecology  is an international scientific research institute, headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya that works towards improving lives and livelihoods of people in Africa. 
Francis Lawrence (born March 26, 1971) is an American filmmaker and producer. After establishing himself as a director of music videos and commercials, Lawrence made his feature length directorial debut with the supernatural thriller "Constantine" (2005) and has since directed the post-apocalyptic horror film "I Am Legend" (2007), the romantic drama "Water for Elephants" (2011), three of the four films in the "Hunger Games" film series, and the spy thriller "Red Sparrow" (2018).
WILL is the call sign of the three public broadcasting stations owned by the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and licensed to Urbana, Illinois, United States. It consists of PBS member station WILL-TV (VHF digital channel 9, virtual channel 12) and NPR member stations WILL  (580 kHz) and WILL-FM (90.9 MHz). 
Ari-Juhani Hjelm (born 24 February 1962) is a Finnish football coach and former player. He was the head coach of home-town club Tampere United in Finland's Veikkausliiga.
Vongnes is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Zell  is a town in the Cochem-Zell district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Zell has roughly 4,300 inhabitants and is the seat of the like-named "Verbandsgemeinde".
KCNS, virtual channel 38 (UHF digital channel 39), is a Sonlife Broadcasting Network-affiliated television station licensed to San Francisco, California, United States and serving the San Francisco Bay Area. The station is owned by NRJ TV, LLC, as part of a duopoly with Concord-licensed KTNC-TV (channel 42). 
Shelekhov  is a town and the administrative center of Shelekhovsky District in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located southwest of Irkutsk, the administrative center of the oblast. It is located on the plains between the rivers Irkut and Olha. 
Ely Rangers Association Football Club are a Welsh association football team founded in 1965. They are based in Ely, Cardiff and they play at Station Road, Wenvoe near Cardiff.
Powelltown is a town in Victoria, Australia, 70 km east of Melbourne's central business district. Its local government area is the Shire of Yarra Ranges. At the 2016 Census, Powelltown had a population of 217.
Rosa Elena García Echave (born 16 September 1964), better known as Rossy de Palma, is a Spanish actress.
Swift Air is an American airline based in Phoenix, Arizona, United States. It operates a fleet of business and commercial jets available for charter and private use. Its main hub is Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.
The Cats were a Dutch rock band formed in Volendam in 1964.
Johann Ernst III, Duke of Saxe-Weimar (Weimar, 22 June 1664 – Weimar, 10 May 1707), was a duke of Saxe-Weimar.
Kirensk  is a town and the administrative center of Kirensky District in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Kirenga and Lena Rivers, north of Irkutsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Avraam Papadopoulos (; born 3 December 1984) is a Greek footballer who plays as a central defender for Olympiacos and the Greek national team. He was born in Melbourne, Australia to Greek parents.
The Walter Reed Army Institute of Research  is the largest biomedical research facility administered by the U.S. Department of Defense . The institute is centered at the Forest Glen Annex, part of the unincorporated Silver Spring urban area in Maryland just north of Washington, DC, but it is a subordinate unit of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Development Command , headquartered at nearby Fort Detrick, Maryland. 
The Sippican River  is a short river in Massachusetts, United States.
Aaron Michael Gray (born December 7, 1984) is an American former professional basketball player who played eight seasons in the National Basketball Association . A heart condition forced him into early retirement in 2015.
Sovetsky  is a town and the administrative center of Sovetsky District in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located west of Khanty-Mansiysk, the administrative center of the autonomous okrug. Population: 
Neath Football Club  was a Welsh professional association football club based in Neath last playing in the Welsh Premier League.
Tungamah is a town in the Goulburn Valley region of northern Victoria, Australia. The town is located in the Shire of Moira local government area, from the state capital, Melbourne. Tungamah is situated on the banks of Boosey Creek and at the , Tungamah had a population of 355..
La Aldehuela  is a municipality of Spain in the province of Ávila, in the Autonomous Community of Castile and León. It has a 17.04 km² area, a population of 233 inhabitants (2005) and a density of 13.91 people/km².
Dandenong Thunder SC is a soccer club from Dandenong, a suburb in the South-East region of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. They are an Albanian Australian-backed club. Thunder compete in the National Premier Leagues Victoria. 
Manfred Beer (born 2 December 1953) is a former East German biathlete. During his career he won a bronze medal at the 1976 Winter Olympics as part of the East German 4 × 7.5 km relay team and two gold medals and one bronze medal in World Championships, also as part of the 4 × 7.5 km relay team.
Eyeworks is an Amsterdam-based international television production company founded by Reinout Oerlemans, Robert van den Bogaard and Ronald van Wechem. As of June 2014, it is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Warner Bros. Television Group and rebranded as Warner Bros. International Television Production.
Cudot is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Saint-Charles River is a river of Quebec , which passes through Quebec City. Its Huron-Wendat name is "Akiawenrahk".
Preservation Island is a low and undulating granite and calcarenite island, with an area of 207 ha, in south-eastern Australia. It is part of Tasmania’s Preservation Island Group, lying in eastern Bass Strait south-west of Cape Barren Island in the Furneaux Group, and is an important historic site.
Tarrawarra is a town in Victoria, Australia, 45 km north-east of Melbourne's central business district. Its local government area is the Shire of Yarra Ranges.
Halmstad Airport , also known as Halmstad City Airport, is an airport situated northwest of Halmstad, a city in the Halmstad Municipality of Halland County, Sweden. The airport has been managed by Halmstad Municipality since 2006.
Duke John Albert of Mecklenburg (; given names "John Albert Ernest Constantine Frederick Henry"; 8 December 1857 – 16 February 1920) was a member of the House of Mecklenburg-Schwerin who served as the regent of two states of the German Empire. Firstly from 1897 to 1901 he was regent of Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin for his nephew Frederick Francis IV, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg, and from 1907 to 1913 he was Regent of the Duchy of Brunswick.
Sandra D. Thompson Field is a multi-purpose stadium located on the campus of Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Virginia where it is home to the Hokies soccer and lacrosse teams.
Vilimoni Waqatabu Delasau (born 12 July 1977 in Sorokaba, Ba) is a Fijian former rugby union footballer. He played as a wing. 
Gregor Schlierenzauer (; born 7 January 1990) is an Austrian ski jumper. He is one of the sport's most successful athletes of all time, having won the Ski Jumping World Cup overall title, the Four Hills Tournament, and Nordic Tournament twice each; the Ski Flying World Cup overall title three times; as well as four medals at the Winter Olympics, twelve at the Ski Jumping World Championships, and five at the Ski Flying World Championships.
Heinrich Friedrich Weber (; ; 7 November 1843 – 24 May 1912) was a physicist born in the town of Magdala, near Weimar. 
FC Tranzit is a Latvian football club that is based in Ventspils. Prior to 2010 it was known as FC Tranzīts.
Giambettino Cignaroli (Verona, July 4, 1706 – Verona, December 1, 1770) was an Italian painter of the Rococo and early Neoclassic period.
The Montana Grizzlies football program  represents the University of Montana in the Division I Football Championship Subdivision  of college football. The Grizzlies have competed in the Big Sky Conference since 1963, where it is a founding member. 
Linda Grubben (née Linda Tjørhom; 13 September 1979 in Stavanger) is a retired Norwegian biathlete.
Robert Aloysius Roe (February 28, 1924 – July 15, 2014) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey in the United States House of Representatives for over 23 years, serving from November 4, 1969 to January 3, 1993.
Kachkanar  is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located between the Isa and Vyya Rivers in the Tura River's basin, north of Yekaterinburg, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Community Newspaper Company, or CNC, was the largest publisher of weekly newspapers in eastern Massachusetts in the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century. It also published several daily newspapers in Greater Boston.
Berliner Sport-Club, commonly known as Berliner SC, is a German association football club based in Berlin. The team is part of a sports club which also has departments for badminton, hockey, and rugby.
Ivdel  is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Ivdel River  near its confluence with the Lozva River, north of Yekaterinburg, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Cheboksary International Airport  is a small airport located southeast of Cheboksary, a city in Chuvashia, Russia. It services medium-sized airliners. 
Cynthia Jane Kenyon (February 21, 1954) is an American molecular biologist and biogerontologist known for her genetic dissection of aging in a widely used model organism, the roundworm "Caenorhabditis elegans" and professor at the University of California, San Francisco .
Penza Airport  is a small airport in Penza Oblast, Russia located 10 km south of Penza. It is a civilian airport with modest apron space.
Stavropol Shpakovskoye Airport  is an airport in Stavropol Krai, Russia located 13 km northeast of Stavropol.
Ricky Owens  (April 24, 1939 - December 6, 1996) was an American R&B and soul singer better known as the first tenor and lead singer of the doo-wop/R&B group The Vibrations and, briefly, as member of The Temptations, the first replacement of original Temptations founding member Eddie Kendricks. He was then soon afterwards replaced by Damon Harris in the group while he returned to The Vibrations.
Luis Antonio Carniglia (4 October 1917 – 22 June 2001) was an Argentine football striker and manager. He played for Boca Juniors in the 1930s, but is probably best known for managing Real Madrid in the 1950s.
Daniel Fox (born 29 May 1986) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Wigan Athletic. He represented England at under-21 international level, has since been selected for Scotland, making his debut in the November 2009 loss against Wales.
Ostravice  is a river in Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic. It originates in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids and then flows through Ostravice, Frýdlant nad Ostravicí, Frýdek-Místek and Paskov to Ostrava where it enters the Oder as its right tributary.
Pera Museum  is an art museum in the Tepebaşı quarter of the Beyoğlu  district in Istanbul, Turkey, located at Meşrutiyet Avenue No. 65  It has a particular focus on Orientalism in 19th-century art.
Sheghnan Airport is located in the extreme northeast section of Afghanistan deep within Pamir mountain ranges in the Badakhshan Province of Afghanistan. The airport is close to the border with Tajikistan; to the east and parallel of the Shighnan airport is Khorog Airport in Tajikistan. 
The Social Democratic Students of Sweden  is the student organisation of the Swedish Social Democratic Party. The organisations acronym is SSF, this acronym is most commonly used in international organisations such as IUSY or YES.
Artyomovsky  is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Bobrovka River , northeast of Yekaterinburg. Population: 
The Ten Mile River is a river within the U.S. states of Massachusetts and Rhode Island. It flows approximately and drains a watershed of .
Walter Fritzsch (21 November 1920 – 15 October 1997) was a German football player and manager.
Pazarspor is a sports club located in Rize, Turkey. The football club plays in the TFF Third League. It was founded in 1973 by the people of Rize, Pazar.
Lois Arlene Smith (née Humbert; born November 3, 1930) is an American character actress, whose career spans seven decades. She made her film debut in the 1955 drama film "East of Eden", and later played supporting roles in a number of movies, include "Five Easy Pieces" (1970), "Resurrection" (1980), "Fatal Attraction" (1987), "Fried Green Tomatoes" (1991), "How to Make an American Quilt" (1995), "Dead Man Walking", "Twister" (1996), "Minority Report" (2002), "The Nice Guys" (2016) and "Lady Bird" (2017). 
Kogalym Airport  is an airport in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia located 9 km southeast of Kogalym. It accommodates medium-sized airliners.
Siirt S.K. was a sports club located in Siirt, Turkey. The football club plays in the Iddaa League B. It was founded as Siirt YSE  in 1969. 
Renate Lingor (born October 11, 1975 in Karlsruhe, Germany) is a retired female German international football player.
Randolph College is a private liberal arts and sciences college in Lynchburg, Virginia. Founded in 1891 as Randolph-Macon Woman's College, it was renamed on July 1, 2007, when it became coeducational.
Nightmare of You is an American indie rock band from New York City. Formed in 2004, the band currently consists of original founder vocalist Brandon Reilly, guitarist Joseph McCaffrey, and drummer Michael Fleischmann.
The Isle of Wight football team represents the Isle of Wight at the biannual Island Games, which it won in 1995 and 2011. The Isle of Wight is not a member of FIFA or UEFA, it is an island within England and plays under the auspices of the Football Association, the governing body for football in England. 
Severo-Evensk Airport is an airport serving and located northwest of Evensk in Severo-Evensky District, Magadan Oblast, Russia. It is a small engineered airfield with concrete parking area. It handles small transport aircraft.
Jyoti Prakash Dutta (born 3 October 1949) is an Indian Bollywood film producer, writer and director, best known for making patriotic action war films.
Daniel René Claude Sangouma (born 7 February 1965 in Saint-Denis, Réunion) is a retired French sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.
Palana Airport  is an airport in Koryak Okrug, Russia located 4 km west of Palana. It services small transports. 
Lieutenant-Colonel Lord William Charles Augustus Cavendish-Bentinck (3 October 1780 – 28 April 1826), known as Lord Charles Bentinck, was a British soldier and politician and a great-great-grandfather of Queen Elizabeth II.
The Egypt River is a stream in Ipswich, Massachusetts, United States.
Amora Futebol Clube commonly known as simply as Amora is a Portuguese sports club from the city of Amora, Setúbal. The club was founded on the 1 May 1921 and its founders were Mário de Carvalho, Guilherme Pestana, João Baptista, Julião Garcia, Tomás Alves, António Soares, Joaquim Monteiro, Oswaldo Reuter, Guilherme Reuter, Joaquim Zacarias, Leopoldo Grilo, Carlos de Azeitão, António Policia, Álvaro dos Santos, Jacinto Caixeiro, Alberto Malacato, Tomás da Cachamouca and António Manta. 
Paul Oskar Kristeller (May 22, 1905 in Berlin – June 7, 1999 in New York, United States) was an important scholar of Renaissance humanism. He was awarded the Haskins Medal in 1992. He was last active as Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at Columbia University in New York, where he mentored both Irving Louis Horowitz and A. James Gregor.
Ertil  is a town and the administrative center of Ertilsky District in Voronezh Oblast, Russia, located on the Ertil River , east of Voronezh, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Van Ferit Melen Airport is an airport in Van, the city in eastern region of Turkey. It is named after the Turkish politician and former prime minister Ferit Melen (1906–1988).
Obukhov State Plant  is a major Russian metallurgy and heavy machine-building plant in St. Petersburg, Russia.
The Democratic Labor Party  was an Australian political party. The party came into existence following the 1955 Labor split as the Australian Labor Party , was renamed the Democratic Labor Party in 1957 and continued to exist until 1978.
Desmond Mpilo Tutu (born 7 October 1931) is a South African Anglican cleric and theologian known for his work as an anti-apartheid and human rights activist. He was the bishop of Johannesburg from 1985 to 1986 and then the archbishop of Cape Town from 1986 to 1996, in both cases being the first black African to hold the position. 
The Sibun River  is a river in Belize which drains a large central portion of the country. The Sibun  where ancient Maya people who inhabited the region.
Joseph Michael Staten is an American writer best known for his work at video game studio Bungie.
The Mitchell River is a river in Chatham, Massachusetts on Cape Cod. It is an estuary connecting Mill Pond to Stage Harbor.
Northeast Agricultural University  was established in 1948 in Harbin, Heilongjiang Province, People's Republic of China. 
Samuel Shaw  Arentz (January 8, 1879 – June 17, 1934) was a United States Representative from Nevada. A Republican, he served 10 years in Congress.
The Chonburi Stadium  is a multi-use stadium in Chonburi Province, Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Chonburi Football Club. 
Maharaja Ganga Singh University , formerly University of Bikaner , is a university located in Bikaner in the state of Rajasthan, India. The university was established in 2003 and marks an important milestone in the evolution of tertiary education in Rajasthan. 
John Nicolas Rea, 3rd Baron Rea (born 6 June 1928), commonly known as Nicolas Rea, is a British peer, doctor and politician.
Abraham Jacob van der Aa (7 December 1792, Amsterdam – 21 March 1857, Gorinchem) was a Dutch writer best known for his dictionaries, one of notable people and the other of notable places in the Netherlands.
Taksimo Airport is an airport in Russia located 3 km northeast of Taksimo. It is a paved airport with a parking apron. 
Hasheem Thabeet (born Hashim Thabit Manka on 16 February 1987) is a Tanzanian professional basketball player who is currently a free agent. He played college basketball for Connecticut before being drafted second overall in the 2009 NBA draft by the Memphis Grizzlies.
Broome International Airport is a regional airport located west of the Broome GPO, Western Australia.
Steven Arnold Defour (born 15 April 1988) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club Burnley.
Cleveland City Stars were an American professional soccer team based in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Founded in 2006, the team played in the USL First Division (USL-1), the second tier of the American Soccer Pyramid in 2009. 
Cherith Baldry (born 21 January 1947) is a British writer of children's fiction and fantasy fiction. Beside publication under her own name she is the author of some works published under each of the house pseudonyms Adam Blade, Jenny Dale, Jack Dillon, and Erin Hunter.
WTSO (1070 kHz "The Big 1070") is a commercial AM radio station in Madison, Wisconsin. The station is owned and operated by iHeartMedia, Inc., and airs a sports radio format. 
The North Branch of the Westfield River starts at the town of Savoy, Massachusetts in the Berkshires. It flows southeasterly to the town of Cummington where it follows Route 9 to the junction with the Swift River.
The Danish Wadden Sea Islands  are a group of islands on the western coast of Jutland, Denmark. They have belonged to the region of "Southern Denmark" since January 1, 2007. Previously they belonged to the counties of "South Jutland" and "Ribe".
Chistopol was an airport in Russia located 7 km southwest of Chistopol. It was a small airport, with a single tarmac runway with one building.
Saedinenie (, until 1934 Golyamo Konare ) is a town in the Plovdiv Province, central Bulgaria. As of 2006 it has 6 302 inhabitants. 
The Mumford River is an river in south-central Massachusetts. It is a tributary of the Blackstone River. 
Neferneferure (14th century BCE) was an Ancient Egyptian princess of the 18th dynasty. She was the fifth of six known daughters of Pharaoh Akhenaten and his Great Royal Wife Nefertiti.
Ochanomizu University is one of the top national universities in Japan.
Simone Pepe (; born 30 August 1983) is an Italian retired footballer who played as a winger, on either side of the pitch.
Sheffield Inner Ring Road is a dual-carriageway circling central Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England. Built from the 1960s onwards the Ring Road connects to the Sheffield Parkway, which itself connects with the M1 motorway. 
Republic Bank is a bank and financial service provider in Trinidad and Tobago and one of the largest in the Eastern Caribbean. It has branches in Grenada, Guyana, Barbados, and offshore banking operations incorporated in the Cayman Islands. It was formerly a division of Barclays Bank in Trinidad and Tobago,
Franco Colomba (born 6 February 1955 in Grosseto) is an Italian football coach and former player, most recently in charge of Serie B club Livorno.
John Martin Henni (June 15, 1805 – September 7, 1881) was a Swiss-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the first Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Milwaukee, Wisconsin from 1843 until his death in 1881.
Jon Istad (29 July 1937 – 17 May 2012) was a Norwegian biathlete and sport shooter.
Tulun  is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Iya River , northwest of Irkutsk. Population: 
Epfenbach is a municipality in south western Germany. It is located between Heidelberg and Sinsheim in the Rhein-Neckar district in the state of Baden-Württemberg. 
KUWR (91.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to Laramie, Wyoming. The station is owned by the University of Wyoming, and is the flagship of Wyoming Public Radio , airing a format consisting of news, jazz, adult album alternative and classical music. 
The Black River is a blackwater river in South Carolina in the United States. It courses through Sumter, Clarendon, and Williamsburg counties before merging with the Great Pee Dee River in Georgetown County. The river was once called the Wee Nee by the Native Americans who once inhabited the area. 
The McKeen Motor Car Company of Omaha, Nebraska, was a builder of internal combustion-engined railroad motor cars , constructing 152 between 1905–1917.
Taproot is a four-piece nu metal band from Ann Arbor, Michigan. They are most known for their hit single "Poem" (#5 most played rock track in 2002), as well as a number of other singles from 2000 to the present.
The Ian Gillan Band were a British rock band formed by singer Ian Gillan of Deep Purple in 1975.
Fontenay-aux-Roses  is a commune in the southwestern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris.
Olympia & York  was a major international property development firm based in Toronto, Canada. The firm built major financial office complexes including Canary Wharf in London, the World Financial Center in New York City, and First Canadian Place in Toronto. 
Tan Sri Datuk Tiong Hiew King PSM PGBK KBE (; born 1935) is the Malaysian Chinese founder and chairman of the Rimbunan Hijau Group, a timber company founded in 1975. Its overseas timber operations in Papua New Guinea is the largest in that country. 
Megan Marie Ward (born September 24, 1969) is an American actress best known for her numerous credits in science fiction and horror movies and television series. In 2007, she joined the cast of the American daytime drama "General Hospital" as Kate Howard.
William Plumer (June 25, 1759December 22, 1850) was an American lawyer, Baptist lay preacher, and politician from Epping, New Hampshire. He is most notable for his service as a Federalist in the United States Senate (1802–1807), and Governor of New Hampshire as a Democratic-Republican (1812–1813, 1816–1819).
Akim Mikhailovich Tamiroff (, ; birth name Hovakim Tamirian, ; 29 October 1899 – 17 September 1972) was an Armenian-American actor. He won the first Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor, was nominated twice for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, and appeared in at least 80 American motion pictures in a career spanning thirty-seven years.
Piero Franco Rodolfo Fassino (born 7 October 1949 in Avigliana, Piedmont) is an Italian politician with the Democratic Party. He was Mayor of Turin from 2011 until 2016 and is a former national secretary of the Democrats of the Left party.
Lucky Philip Dube (pronounced "duu-beh"; 3 August 1964 – 18 October 2007) was a South African reggae musician and Rastafarian. He recorded 22 albums in Zulu, English and Afrikaans in a 25-year period and was South Africa's biggest-selling reggae artist. Dube was murdered in the Johannesburg suburb of Rosettenville on the evening of 18 October 2007.
Jean Marie Behra (16 February 1921 – 1 August 1959) was a Formula One driver who raced for the Gordini, Maserati, BRM, Ferrari and Porsche teams.
Raul de Mesquita Boesel (, born 4 December 1957 in Curitiba, Brazil) 
Kaufbeuren  is an independent town in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Swabia, Bavaria. The town is completely enclaved within the district of Ostallgäu.
Stephen Staunton (born 19 January 1969) is an Irish association football manager and former professional footballer who played as a defender. He earned 102 caps for the Republic of Ireland national football team, captained his team to the knock-out stage of the 2002 FIFA World Cup and earned his place in the FIFA Century Club.
Emilio de Villota Ruíz (born 26 July 1946) is a former racing driver from Spain, born in Madrid. He entered 15 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix between 1976 and 1982, qualifying twice. 
Muriwai, also called Muriwai Beach, is a coastal community on the west coast of the Auckland Region in the North Island of New Zealand. The black-sand surf beach and surrounding area is a popular recreational area for Aucklanders. 
Gila Almagor (; born Gila Alexandrowitz; July 22, 1939) is an Israeli actress, film star, and author. In Israel, she is known as "queen of the Israeli cinema and theatre".
Irun  is a town of the Bidasoaldea region in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Basque Autonomous Community, Spain. It lies on the foundations of the ancient Oiasso, cited as a Roman-Vasconic town during the period.
The Knickerbockers were an American rock band, formed in Bergenfield, New Jersey, in 1964. They were best remembered for their 1965 Beatles sound-alike hit single "Lies".
Mark John Cueto (born 26 December 1979 in Workington, Cumbria) is a former English international rugby union player. He played on the wing for Sale Sharks and England. 
CFMJ (640 kHz "Global News Radio 640 Toronto") is a news talk AM radio station, licensed to Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada. It is owned by Corus Entertainment with studios and offices in the Corus Quay Building at 25 Dockside Drive in Toronto. The station airs a news talk radio format targeted to the Greater Toronto Area.
Baron Dominique Jean Larrey (; 8 July 1766 – 25 July 1842) was a French surgeon in Napoleon's Grande Armée and an important innovator in battlefield medicine and triage. He is often considered the first modern military surgeon.
Jim Hall (born July 23, 1935 in Abilene, Texas) is a former racecar driver and constructor from the United States. He competed in Formula One from to , participating in 12 World Championship Grands Prix and numerous non-Championship races. 
Kim Jaewon (born 18 February 1981) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for the television dramas "Romance" (2002), "Listen to My Heart" (2011), "May Queen" (2012), and "The Scandal" (2013).
Avishai Cohen (; born April 20, 1970) is an Israeli jazz double bassist, composer, singer, and arranger.
Butjadingen is a peninsula and municipality in the Wesermarsch districts, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Paul Alexandre Belmondo (born 23 April 1963) is a French racing driver who raced in Formula One for the March and Pacific Racing teams. He was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine, the son of actor Jean-Paul Belmondo and grandson of sculptor Paul Belmondo. 
Vernon "Vern" Schuppan (born 19 March 1943 in Booleroo Centre, South Australia) is a retired Australian motor racing driver. Schuppan drove in various categories, participating in Formula One, the Indianapolis 500 and most successfully in sports car racing.
Troy Ruttman (born March 11, 1930 in Mooreland, Oklahoma – May 19, 1997) was an American race car driver. He was the older brother of NASCAR driver Joe Ruttman, Jerry Ruttman & Jimmie Ruttman
Apolo is a location in the Franz Tamayo Province in the La Paz Department, Bolivia, South America, with a population of 2,123 in the year 2001. It is the seat of the Apolo Municipality.
Cliff Martinez (born February 5, 1954) is an American musician and composer. Early in his career, Martinez was known as a drummer notably with the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Captain Beefheart. Since the 1990s he has worked primarily as a film score composer, writing music for "Spring Breakers", "The Foreigner", and multiple films by Steven Soderbergh  and Nicolas Winding Refn . 
Ernst Friedrich August Rietschel (15 December 1804 – 21 January 1861) was a German sculptor.
Emil Maurice (19 January 1897 – 6 February 1972) was an early member of the National Socialist German Workers' Party  and a founding member of the "Schutzstaffel" . He was Hitler's first personal chauffeur, succeeded first by Julius Schreck and then Erich Kempka. 
Abraham Wald  was a Hungarian mathematician who contributed to decision theory, geometry, and econometrics, and founded the field of statistical sequential analysis. He spent his researching years at Columbia University.
West Virginia University Institute of Technology is a four-year college located in Beckley, West Virginia. It is a divisional campus of West Virginia University. 
The Chagai Hills is a range of granite hills in the Chagai District in Pakistan's Balochistan province.
The Min River or Min Jiang  is a in central Sichuan province, China. It is a tributary of the upper Yangtze River which it joins at Yibin. 
Stacy Haiduk (born April 24, 1968) is an American actress. Her best known roles include Lana Lang on "Superboy", Katherine Hitchcock on "seaQuest DSV", Hannah Nichols on "All My Children", and most notably Patty Williams and Emily Peterson on "The Young and the Restless".
The Didessa River  is a river in western Ethiopia. A tributary of the Abay River, it rises in the mountains of Gomma, flowing in a northwestern direction to its confluence where the course of the Abay has curved to its southernmost point before turning northwards at about . The Didessa's drainage area is about 19,630 square kilometers, covering portions of the Benishangul-Gumuz Region and the West Welega Zone of the Oromia Region.
Julie Marie Benz (born May 1, 1972) is an American actress, known for her roles as Darla on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and "Angel" (1997–2004), and as Rita Bennett on "Dexter" (2006–2010), for which she won the 2006 Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress and the 2009 Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Luftfahrtgesellschaft Walter mbH, commonly abbreviated LGW, is a German regional airline headquartered in Dortmund. 
Mykines  is the westernmost of the 18 main islands of the Faroe Archipelago.
The Great Southern Railways Company  was an Irish company that from 1925 until 1945 owned and operated all railways that lay wholly within the Irish Free State .
"This page details the history of the club. For information on seasons and results see New Zealand Knights seasons 2005–06 and 2006–07"
Bar-sur-Aube  is a French commune and a sub-prefecture in the Aube department in the Grand Est region of France.
Hoyerswerda  is a major district town in the district of Bautzen in the German state of Saxony. It is located in the Sorbian settlement area of Upper Lusatia, a region where some people speak the Sorbian language in addition to German.
Arjen Anthony Lucassen (born 3 April 1960, in Hilversum, Netherlands) is a Dutch singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist musician and record producer best known for his long-running progressive metal/rock opera project Ayreon.
Titleist  is an American brand name of golf equipment and apparel products produced by the Acushnet subsidiary, which is headquartered in Fairhaven, Massachusetts, United States. It was founded in 1932 by Philip E. Young, and is a subsidiary of the Acushnet Company.
Robert Doisneau (; 14 April 1912 – 1 April 1994) was a French photographer. In the 1930s he made photographs on the streets of Paris. He was a champion of humanist photography and with Henri Cartier-Bresson a pioneer of photojournalism.
Jim Rathmann (July 16, 1928 – November 23, 2011), born Royal Richard Rathmann, was an American race car driver who won the Indianapolis 500 in 1960.
Saint Richard Reynolds, O.Ss.S (14924 May 1535) was an English Brigittine monk executed in London for refusing the Oath of Supremacy to King Henry VIII of England. 
Dean Whitehead (born 12 January 1982) is a retired English professional footballer who played as a midfielder and occasionally at right-back.
The Nyanga River, 600 km, is a river that runs through southern Gabon and northern Republic of the Congo. It is the second most important river in Gabon after the Ogooue. 
Peter Dennis Mitchell, FRS (29 September 1920 – 10 April 1992) was a British biochemist who was awarded the 1978 Nobel Prize for Chemistry for his discovery of the chemiosmotic mechanism of ATP synthesis.
The West Virginia School of Osteopathic Medicine  is a public medical school for osteopathic medicine located in Lewisburg in the US State of West Virginia. Founded in 1974, WVSOM is one of three medical schools in West Virginia and the sole institution that grants the Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine  degree. 
Alverno College is a Roman Catholic, four-year, independent, liberal arts college, historically and still primarily a women's college located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Anthony John Pierzynski (; born December 30, 1976) is an American former professional baseball catcher. He played in Major League Baseball  with the Minnesota Twins (1998–2003), San Francisco Giants (2004), Chicago White Sox (2005–2012), Texas Rangers (2013), Boston Red Sox (2014), St. Louis Cardinals (2014) and Atlanta Braves (2015–2016). 
WTOH (98.9 FM, "The Answer") is a conservative talk radio station serving the Greater Columbus area, currently owned by the Salem Media Group and licensed to Upper Arlington, Ohio. The station's studios are shared with sister station WRFD (880 AM) and are located in North Columbus; WTOH's transmitter is northwest of downtown.
The Taiwan Provincial Government was the government that governed Taiwan Province of the Republic of China. Its functions have been transferred to the National Development Council and other ministries of the Executive Yuan.
Manzanera is a small town and municipality in the province of Teruel, part of the autonomous community of Aragón, Spain. It is in Gúdar-Javalambre comarca and it has 500 people. It is close to the ski area called Javalambre.
Anthony Downs (; born November 21, 1930) is an American economist specializing in public policy and public administration. He has been a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., since 1977.
The Manawatu River, often spelled Manawatū in New Zealand English, is a major river of the lower North Island of New Zealand.
Alma Angela Cohen (19 May 1932 – 26 October 1966), known professionally as Alma Cogan, was an English singer of traditional pop music in the 1950s and early 1960s. Dubbed the "Girl with the Giggle in Her Voice", she was the highest paid British female entertainer of her era.
Prince Charles Ferdinand Vasa (; October 13, 1613 in Warsaw – May 9, 1655 in Wyszków), was a Polish nobleman, prince, priest, Bishop of Wrocław from 1625, bishop of Płock from 1640 and Duke of Opole from 1648 to 1655.
Mental As Anything are an Australian new wave/pop rock band that formed in Sydney in 1976. Its most popular line-up (which lasted from 1977 to 1999) was Martin Plaza  on vocals and guitar; Reg Mombassa  on lead guitar and vocals; his brother Peter "Yoga Dog" O'Doherty on bass guitar and vocals; Wayne de Lisle  on drums; and Andrew "Greedy" Smith on vocals, keyboards and harmonica. Their original hit songs were generated by Mombassa, O'Doherty, Plaza and Smith, either individually or collectively; they also hit the Australian charts with covers of songs by Roy Orbison, Elvis Presley and Chuck Berry.
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.  is a bank holding company and financial services corporation based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Its banking subsidiary, PNC Bank, operates in 19 states and the District of Columbia with 2,459 branches and 9,051 ATMs. 
Tamlyn Naomi Tomita (born January 27, 1966) is a Japanese-American actress and singer. She made her screen debut in a leading role in "The Karate Kid Part II" (1986), and later was leading and supporting roles in films "Come See the Paradise" (1990), "The Joy Luck Club" (1993), "Picture Bride" (1994), "Four Rooms" (1995), "Robot Stories" (2003), "The Day After Tomorrow" (2004) and "" (2005).
The Stockholm Observatory (, 050) is an astronomical observatory and institution in Stockholm, Sweden, founded in the 18th century and today part of Stockholm University. In 1931, the new Stockholm Observatory (, 052), nicknamed "Saltis", was inaugurated on the Karlsbaderberget at Saltsjöbaden, near Stockholm, and operated until 2001.
Lida  is a city in western Belarus in Hrodna Voblast, situated west of Minsk.
Friedrich Julius Stahl (16 January 1802 – 10 August 1861), German constitutional lawyer, political philosopher and politician.
Masbate Island is the largest of three major islands of Masbate Province in the Philippines. The other two major islands are Ticao Island and Burias Island. 
Located in Tehran, beside Laleh Park, and founded in 1976, the Carpet Museum of Iran exhibits a variety of Persian carpets from all over Iran, dating from the 16th century to the present.
The New Democratic Party of Prince Edward Island  is a social-democratic political party in the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island, and a branch of the federal New Democratic Party .
Reichenbach an der Fils is a town in the Esslingen district in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.
Arturo Fortunato Alessandri Palma, (; December 20, 1868 – August 24, 1950) was a Chilean political figure and reformer, who served thrice as the President of Chile, first between 1920 and 1924, then for part of 1925, and finally from 1932 until 1938.
Catholic University of Maule  is a university in Maule, Chile. It is a derivative university part of the Chilean Traditional Universities.
Charles Victor Cherbuliez (; 19 July 1829 – 1 July 1899) was a French novelist and author. He was born at Geneva, Switzerland and died at Combs-la-Ville. 
Desiderio Alberto Arnaz IV (born January 19, 1953), known professionally as Desi Arnaz Jr., is an American actor and musician. He is the son of Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz.
Corrientes  is the capital city of the province of Corrientes, Argentina, located on the eastern shore of the Paraná River, about from Buenos Aires and from Posadas, on National Route 12. It has a population of 346,334 according to the 2010 Census. It lies opposite its twin city, Resistencia, Chaco.
St. Francis Xavier University is a primarily undergraduate university located in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada. It is a member of the Maple League, a group of primarily undergraduate universities in Eastern Canada.
Hanna Carolina Ljungberg (born 8 January 1979 in Umeå, Västerbotten) is a Swedish former football player, who played the position of forward. She played for the club side Umeå IK and for the Swedish national football team. 
Thomas Kenneth Mattingly II (born March 17, 1936), , better known as Ken Mattingly, is a former American naval officer and aviator, aeronautical engineer, test pilot, Rear Admiral in the United States Navy and astronaut who flew on the Apollo 16, STS-4 and STS-51-C missions. 
Strahan , is a small town and former port on the west coast of Tasmania. It is now a significant locality for tourism in the region.
Leftover Salmon is an American jam band from Boulder, Colorado, formed in 1989. The band's music is a blend of bluegrass, rock, country, and Cajun/Zydeco.
Camille Guillaume Bigourdan (; 6 April 1851 – 28 February 1932) was a French astronomer.
King Missile is an American avant-garde art rock band best known for their 1992 song "Detachable Penis". Formed in 1986, vocalist John S. Hall has fronted several incarnations of the band since then.
Franz Seraphicus Grillparzer (15 January 1791 – 21 January 1872) was an Austrian writer who is chiefly known for his dramas. He also wrote the oration for Ludwig van Beethoven's funeral.
Vivica Anjanetta Fox (born July 30, 1964) is an American actress, producer and television host. Fox began her career with roles on the daytime television soap operas "Days of Our Lives" (1988) and "Generations" (198991), subsequently shifting to the prime-time slot starring opposite Patti LaBelle, in the NBC sitcom "Out All Night" (199293). Fox's breakthrough came in 1996, with roles in two box-office hit films, Roland Emmerich's "Independence Day" and F. Gary Gray's "Set It Off".
Wilhelm Julius Foerster (December 16, 1832 – January 18, 1921) was a German astronomer. His name can also be written Förster, but is usually written "Foerster" even in most German sources where 'ö' is otherwise used in the text.
Mary Louise Cleave (born 5 February 1947) is an American engineer and a former NASA astronaut. She also served from 2004 to 2007 as NASA Associate Administrator for the Science Mission Directorate.
Marilyn Joy Waring (born 7 October 1952) is a New Zealand feminist, politician, activist for female human rights and environmental issues, development consultant and United Nations expert, and author and academic, known as a principal founder of the discipline of feminist economics.
Gordon Roger Alexander Buchanan Parks (November 30, 1912 – March 7, 2006) was an American photographer, musician, writer and film director, who became prominent in U.S. documentary photojournalism in the 1940s through 1970s—particularly in issues of civil rights, poverty and African-Americans—and in glamour photography.
Patrick Graham Forrester (born March 31, 1957) is a retired United States Army officer and a NASA astronaut. At the time of his retirement from the U.S. Army, Forrester had achieved the rank of colonel. 
James Warren DeMint (born September 2, 1951) is an American political advocate, businessman, author, and retired politician who served as a United States Senator from South Carolina and as president of the Heritage Foundation. DeMint is a member of the Republican Party and a leading figure in the Tea Party movement; he is also the founder of the Senate Conservatives Fund.
Sahure  was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh, the second ruler of the Fifth Dynasty, who reigned for about 12 years in the early 25th century BC.
Nell Marie McKay (born April 13, 1982) is a British-American singer and songwriter. She made her Broadway debut in "The Threepenny Opera" (2006).
Charles Thomson Ritchie, 1st Baron Ritchie of Dundee (19 November 1838 – 9 January 1906) was a British businessman and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 until 1905 when he was raised to the peerage. He served as Home Secretary from 1900 to 1902 and as Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1902 to 1903.
Stephan "Steff" Eberharter (born 24 March 1969) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Austria.
Jean-Baptiste Isabey (11 April 1767 – 18 April 1855) was a French painter born at Nancy.
The Great Rann of Kutch is a salt marsh in the Thar Desert in the Kutch District of Gujarat, India. It is about 7500 sq km (2900 sq miles) in area and is reputed to be one of the largest salt deserts in the world. 
John Howatt Bell (December 13, 1846 – January 29, 1929) was a lawyer and politician who served as the 14th premier of Prince Edward Island.
The Eder is a long major river in Germany that begins in eastern North Rhine-Westphalia and passes in to Hesse, where it confluences with the River Fulda.
Archibald Franklin "Archie" Williams (May 1, 1915 – June 24, 1993) was an African-American U.S. Air Force officer and athlete and teacher, winner of 400 meter run at the 1936 Summer Olympics. As recorded on his birth certificate, his name is Archie and not Archibald.
The Indian Navy is the naval branch of the Indian Armed Forces. The President of India is the Supreme Commander of the Indian Navy. The Chief of Naval Staff, a four-star admiral, commands the navy.
Mark Richard Shuttleworth (born 18 September 1973) is a South African entrepreneur who is the founder and CEO of Canonical Ltd., the company behind the development of the Linux-based Ubuntu operating system. In 2002, he became the first South African to travel to space as a space tourist. He lives on the Isle of Man and holds dual citizenship from South Africa and the United Kingdom.
Das Erste  is the flagship national television channel of the ARD association of public broadcasting corporations in Germany. ARD and ZDF – "the Second" German Television Channel – together comprise the public service television broadcasters in the German television system. "
Gawler is the oldest country town on the Australian mainland in the state of South Australia, and is named after the second Governor  of the colony of South Australia, George Gawler. It is about north of the centre of the state capital, Adelaide, and is close to the major wine producing district of the Barossa Valley. 
Kim Jong-pil (; January 7, 1926 – June 23, 2018) was a South Korean politician and founder of the Korean Central Intelligence Agency , who served as Prime Minister twice, from 1971–1975 during president Park Chung-hee (1961–1979) and from 1998–2000 during president Kim Dae-jung (1998–2002).
George Dzundza ( ; born July 19, 1945) is an American television and film actor.
Friedrich Hermann Otto Finsch (8 August 1839 – 31 January 1917, Braunschweig) was a German ethnographer, naturalist and colonial explorer.
Karl Hans Albrecht (; 20 February 1920 – 16 July 2014) was a German entrepreneur who founded the discount supermarket chain Aldi with his brother Theo. He was for many years the richest person in Germany. 
Central Michigan University  is a public research university in Mount Pleasant, Michigan. Established in 1892, Central Michigan University is one of the largest universities in the state of Michigan and one of the nation's 100 largest public universities. 
Fann Mountains  are part of the western Pamir-Alay mountain system and are primarily located in Tajikistan's Sughd Province between the Zarafshan Range to the north and the Gissar Range to the south. In the east-west direction they extend from Fandarya River to Archimaydan River, and the cluster of Marguzor lakes west of Archimaydan is also included in the Fanns.
Sassafras is a locality and township within Greater Melbourne, beyond the Melbourne metropolitan area Urban Growth Boundary, 43 km east of Melbourne's Central Business District, located within the City of Knox and Shire of Yarra Ranges local government areas. Sassafras recorded a population of 1,061 at the 2016 Census.
The Chemung River  is a tributary of the Susquehanna River, approximately long, in south central New York and northern Pennsylvania in the United States. It drains a mountainous region of the northern Allegheny Plateau in the Southern Tier of New York. 
Friedrich Heinrich, Freiherr von Kittlitz (16 February 1799 – 10 April 1874) was a German artist, naval officer, explorer and naturalist. He was a descendant of a family of old Prussian nobility .
The New Pornographers is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 1997 in Vancouver, British Columbia. Presented as a musical collective of singer-songwriters and musicians from multiple projects, the band has released seven studio albums to critical acclaim for their use of multiple vocalists and elements of power pop incorporated into their music.
The University of Alaska Southeast is a public, four year university that is part of the University of Alaska System. The main campus is located in Juneau, Alaska and the university has extended campuses in Sitka and Ketchikan. 
Angel is an American rock band from Washington, D.C., United States, formed in the mid-1970s by Punky Meadows and Mickie Jones. They were signed to Casablanca Records, and had the image of dressing in white.
Balnarring Beach is a town in Victoria, Australia, 2 km south of Balnarring. Its local government area is the Shire of Mornington Peninsula and at the 2016 Census, Balnarring Beach had a population of 418. 
Ralph Leonard Kirkpatrick (; June 10, 1911April 13, 1984) was an American musician, musicologist and harpsichordist. He is best known for his chronological catalog of Domenico Scarlatti's keyboard sonatas.
Hans Freudenthal (17 September 1905 – 13 October 1990) was a Jewish-German-born Dutch mathematician. He made substantial contributions to algebraic topology and also took an interest in literature, philosophy, history and mathematics education.
Blenheim   is the most populous town in the region of Marlborough, in the north east of the South Island of New Zealand. It has an urban population of The surrounding area is well known as the centre of New Zealand's wine industry. 
The Perhentian Islands  are islands in Besut District, Terengganu, Malaysia.
Mickleham is a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 32 km north of Melbourne's central business district, beyond the Urban Growth Boundary. Its local government area is the City of Hume. At the 2016 Census, Mickleham had a population of 3,142.
The Hunter River  is a major river in New South Wales, Australia. The Hunter River rises in the Liverpool Range and flows generally south and then east, reaching the Tasman Sea at Newcastle, the second largest city in New South Wales and a major harbour port. 
Bogan River, a perennial river that is part of the Macquarie–Barwon catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the central west and Orana regions of New South Wales, Australia.
Dandong , formerly known as Andong, is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.
Robert Edward Rubin (born August 29, 1938) is an American lawyer, former cabinet member, and retired banking executive. He served as the 70th United States Secretary of the Treasury during the Clinton administration. 
Sergei Konstantinovich Krikalev (, also transliterated as Sergei Krikalyov; born August 27, 1958) is a Russian cosmonaut and mechanical engineer. As a prominent rocket scientist, he is a veteran of six space flights and ranks third to Gennady Padalka and Yuri Malenchenko for the amount of time in space: a total of 803 days, 9 hours, and 39 minutes. 
Blue Murder were an English hard rock band, founded by ex-Whitesnake, Tygers of Pan Tang and Thin Lizzy guitarist John Sykes.
Djalma Pereira Dias dos Santos known simply as Djalma Santos , (27 February 192923 July 2013) was a Brazilian footballer who started for the Brazil national team in four World Cups, winning two, in 1958 and 1962. Santos is considered to be one of the greatest right-backs of all time. 
Karl-Heinz "Kalle" Rummenigge (; born 25 September 1955) is a German former professional football player.
Swabia  is a cultural, historic and linguistic region in southwestern Germany. 
Fauguernon is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Abedi Ayew ( ; born 5 November 1964), known professionally as Abedi Pele, is a Ghanaian former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder and who served as captain of the Ghana national team. He is regarded as one of the greatest African footballers of all-time. He played for several European clubs and found his fame in the French Ligue 1 with Lille and Marseille, the latter where he won the UEFA Champions League in 1993, among other titles.
Charles Quinton Murphy (July 12, 1959 – April 12, 2017) was an American actor, comedian, and writer. Murphy was best known as a writer and cast member of the Comedy Central sketch-comedy series "Chappelle's Show", and as the costar of the sitcom "Black Jesus". 
Christian Ludwig Brehm (24 January 1787 – 23 June 1864) was a German pastor and ornithologist. He was the father of the zoologist Alfred Brehm.
Lieutenant Colonel  Mamadou Tandja (born 1938) is a Nigerien politician who was President of Niger from 1999 to 2010. He was President of the National Movement of the Development Society  from 1991 to 1999 and unsuccessfully ran as the MNSD's presidential candidate in 1993 and 1996 before being elected to his first term in 1999. 
Fontaine-Henry is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Ernst Krenek (, August 23, 1900December 22, 1991) was an Austrian, later American, composer of Czech origin. He explored atonality and other modern styles and wrote a number of books, including "Music Here and Now" (1939), a study of Johannes Ockeghem (1953), and "Horizons Circled: Reflections on my Music" (1974). 
British Mediterranean Airways Limited, trading as B|MED, was an airline with operations from London Heathrow Airport in England. It operated scheduled services as a British Airways franchise to 17 destinations in 16 countries throughout Africa, the Middle East, and Central Asia from London Heathrow. 
Sherburne Wesley Burnham (December 12, 1838 – March 11, 1921) was an American astronomer.
Friedrich Wilhelm August Argelander (22 March 1799 – 17 February 1875) was a German astronomer. He is known for his determinations of stellar brightnesses, positions, and distances.
Endingen  is a small German town located in southwest Germany, at the border with France. It lies at the northern border of a former volcano area called Kaiserstuhl. 
Bethesda is a town and community on the River Ogwen and the A5 road on the edge of Snowdonia, in Gwynedd, north-west Wales. It is the 5th largest Community in Gwynedd.
Otto Karl Gessler  (6 February 1875 – 24 March 1955) was a liberal German politician during the Weimar Republic. From 1910 until 1914, he was mayor of Regensburg and from 1913 to 1919 mayor of Nuremberg. 
Karl Eduard Wilhelm Groener (22 November 1867 – 3 May 1939) was a German general and politician. His organisational and logistical abilities resulted in a successful military career before and during World War I.
The Lady Lever Art Gallery is a museum founded and built by the industrialist and philanthropist William Lever, 1st Viscount Leverhulme and opened in 1922. The Lady Lever Art Gallery is set in the garden village of Port Sunlight, on the Wirral and one of the National Museums Liverpool.
Victor Hamazaspovich Hambardzumyan (; , "Viktor Hamazaspi Hambardzumyan"; 12 August 1996) was a Soviet Armenian scientist, and one of the founders of theoretical astrophysics. He worked in the field of physics of stars and nebulae, stellar astronomy, dynamics of stellar systems and cosmogony of stars and galaxies, and contributed to mathematical physics.
Phylicia Rashād  (née Ayers-Allen; June 19, 1948) is an American actress, singer and stage director. She is known for her role as Clair Huxtable on the NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show" (1984–92), which earned her Emmy Award nominations in 1985 and 1986. 
Ivo Van Damme (21 February 1954 – 29 December 1976) was a Belgian middle-distance runner.
The London Monarchs were a professional American football team in NFL Europe and its predecessor league, the World League of American Football . The Monarchs played their final season in 1998 as the England Monarchs. In 1999, they were replaced by the new Berlin Thunder.
The Celtic Sea  is the area of the Atlantic Ocean off the south coast of Ireland bounded to the east by Saint George's Channel; other limits include the Bristol Channel, the English Channel, and the Bay of Biscay, as well as adjacent portions of Wales, Cornwall, Devon, and Brittany. The southern and western boundaries are delimited by the continental shelf, which drops away sharply. The Isles of Scilly are an archipelago of small islands in the sea.
George Perle (May 6, 1915 – January 23, 2009) was a composer and music theorist.
Winona State University  is a public university located in Winona, Minnesota, United States. Winona State University was founded as Winona Normal School in 1858 and is the oldest member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities System. It is notable as the first normal school to be established west of the Mississippi River.
KPXD-TV, virtual channel 68 (UHF digital channel 25), is a Ion Television owned-and-operated television station licensed to Arlington, Texas, United States and serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex. The station is owned by Ion Media Networks. KPXD's offices are located on Six Flags Drive in Arlington, and its transmitter is located on Belt Line Road in Cedar Hill.
Antigonus II Mattathias , also known as Antigonus the Hasmonean (died 37 BCE) was the last Hasmonean king of Judea. A puppet king installed by the Parthians, he was the son of King Aristobulus II of Judea. 
The National Alliance of Russian Solidarists , known by its Russian abbreviation "NTS" , is a Russian anticommunist organization founded in 1930 by a group of young Russian anticommunist White emigres in Belgrade, Serbia .
Carol Skelton, (born December 12, 1945 in Biggar, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian politician. She is a member of the Security Intelligence Review Committee which oversees the operation of Canadian Security Intelligence Service. 
John Adams Wickham Jr. (born June 25, 1928) is a retired United States Army general who served as the United States Army Chief of Staff from 1983 to 1987.
Lebanon Valley College  is a private college in Annville, Pennsylvania.
Rotherham Town F.C. was a football club based in Rotherham, England. The club was a member of the Football League between 1893 and 1896.
Johannes Wijnandus "Johan" Remkes (born 15 June 1951) is a retired Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy .
Enfield Town Football Club is a football club based in Enfield Town, Greater London, England. Established in 2001 as a fan-led breakaway from Enfield, the club are currently members of the and play at the Queen Elizabeth II Stadium. 
Fossato di Vico is a town and "comune" of Umbria in the province of Perugia in Italy, at 581 m above sea‑level on the middle slopes of Mount Mutali.
Delmar Allen "Dale" Hawkins (August 22, 1936 – February 13, 2010) was a pioneer American rock singer, songwriter, and rhythm guitarist who was often called the architect of swamp rock boogie. Ronnie Hawkins was his cousin.
Sebastian Barry (born 5 July 1955) is an Irish playwright, novelist and poet. He is noted for his dense literary writing style and is considered one of Ireland's finest writers.
The Rhaetian Alps  are a mountain range of the Eastern Alps. The SOIUSA classification system divides them into the Western and Eastern Rhaetian Alps, while the Alpine Club classification of the Eastern Alps places most of the Rhaetion subranges within the Western Limestone Alps.
Snow College is a public community college in Ephraim, Utah. It offers certificates and associate degrees in a number of areas, along with bachelor's degrees in music and software engineering and a four-year nursing program. Snow College is operated as part of the Utah System of Higher Education.
Shreveport Regional Airport is a public use airport in Shreveport, Louisiana, United States. It is owned by the City of Shreveport and located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of its central business district.
Eagle Airways was a regional airline based in Hamilton, New Zealand and was wholly owned by Air New Zealand, operating regional services under the Air New Zealand Link brand. The airline was disbanded on 26 August 2016, with staff absorbed into Air New Zealand's other subsidiaries.
Funk Island is a small, barren, isolated, uninhabited island approximately northeast of Wesleyville, New-Wes-Valley, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Greater Caucasus  is the major mountain range of the Caucasus Mountains.
Likhi Range  or Surami Range  is a mountain range in Georgia, a part of the Caucasus mountains. It connects the Greater Caucasus and Lesser Caucasus ranges.
Catacamas is a municipality in the Olancho Department of Honduras.
Louis-Michel Aury (1788–August 30, 1821) was a French privateer operating in the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean during the early 19th century.
Tougaloo College is a private, historically black, liberal arts college in Tougaloo, Mississippi. Originally established in 1869 by New York–based Christian missionaries for the education of freed slaves and their offspring, from 1871 until 1892 the college served as a teachers' training school funded by the state of Mississippi. In 1998, the buildings of the old campus were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
Albert Edson Sleeper (December 31, 1862 – May 13, 1934) was an American politician and served as the 29th Governor of Michigan from 1917 to 1921.
Upper Lusatia  is a historical region in Germany and Poland. Along with Lower Lusatia to the north, it makes up the region of Lusatia, named after the Slavic "Lusici" tribe. 
WCCR (1260 AM) – branded AM 1260 The Rock – is a commercial religious radio station licensed to Cleveland, Ohio, serving Greater Cleveland. Owned by St. Peter the Rock Media, Inc., a nonprofit corporation which has applied for 501(3) tax-exempt status with the Internal Revenue Service, WCCR airs Catholic programming as the Cleveland affiliate for EWTN Radio. The WCCR studios are located in the Cleveland suburb of Broadview Heights, while the station transmitter resides in neighboring Brecksville.
Lynn Harrell (born January 30, 1944) is an American classical cellist.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt III (born July 19, 1938) is a retired American economist and academic. Through his father, he is a grandson of President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Eleanor Roosevelt, and through his mother he is a member of the prominent du Pont family.
John Mackinnon Robertson (14 November 1856 – 5 January 1933) was a prolific journalist, advocate of rationalism and secularism, and Liberal Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom for Tyneside from 1906 to 1918. Robertson was best known as an advocate of the Christ myth theory.
Arash Labaf (, ; born 23 April 1977) is an Iranian-Swedish singer, entertainer and producer.
George Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Duke of Sutherland KG, PC (9 January 175819 July 1833), known as Viscount Trentham from 1758 to 1786, as Earl Gower from 1786 to 1803 and as The Marquess of Stafford from 1803 to 1833, was an English politician, diplomat, landowner and patron of the arts from the Leveson-Gower family. He was the wealthiest man in Britain during the latter part of his life. 
Solveig Ingersdatter Gulbrandsen (born 12 January 1981) is a Norwegian footballer currently playing for Kolbotn of the Toppserien. At club level she has previously represented Kolbotn, FC Gold Pride, Vålerenga Fotball Damer and Stabæk. With the Norwegian national team Gulbrandsen accrued 183 caps, scored 55 goals and won the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The Islamic University of Madinah  was founded by the government of Saudi Arabia by a royal decree in 1961 in the Islamic holy city of Medina. It follows the Salafi ideology which is prevalent in Saudi Arabia. 
Western College for Women, known locally as Western College, was primarily a women's college in Oxford, Ohio between 1855 and 1974. In 1979, the former college, known now as Western Campus of Miami University, was designated a U.S. Historic district known as the Western Female Seminary Historic District.
Hoandedhdhoo  is one of the inhabited islands of Gaafu Dhaalu Atoll.
Nicolae Manolescu (; b. 27 November 1939, Râmnicu Vâlcea) is a Romanian literary critic. As an editor of "România Literară" literary magazine, he has reached a record in reviewing books for almost 30 years. 
La Sierra University  is a Seventh-day Adventist university in the Riverside, California, United States. La Sierra offers undergraduate, graduate and doctoral level degrees and is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges  and the Adventist Accrediting Association .
Isdhoo or Isdū   is one of the inhabited islands of Haddhunmathi Atoll, administrative code Laamu part of Maldives in the Indian Ocean. 
Dhiyamingili  is one of the inhabited islands of Thaa Atoll.
Vilufushi  is an inhabited island in the Indian Ocean.
Meedhoo  is one of the inhabited islands of Dhaalu Atoll.
Muli  is the capital of Meemu Atoll, and the proposed capital for the Medhu Province of the Maldives in the Indian Ocean.
Dhigurah  is one of the inhabited islands of Alif Dhaal Atoll where Whale sharks are year-round residents.
Mathiveri  is one of the eight inhabited islands of Alif Alif Atoll.
WMTV, virtual channel 15 (UHF digital channel 19), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Madison, Wisconsin, United States. The station is owned by Gray Television. 
Fehendhoo  is one of the inhabited islands of Southern Maalhosmadulhu Atoll, code letter "Baa" in the Dhivehi alphabet and code letter "F-15" in English.
Tommy Cash (born April 5, 1940) is an American country singer-songwriter and the younger brother of Johnny Cash.
Ungoofaaru  is the capital of Northern Maalhosmadulhu Atoll.
Gui Manadhoo  is the capital of Noonu Atoll in the Maldives. Manadhoo is the most populous island and the largest natural island in Noonu Atoll.
Kanditheemu  is one of the inhabited islands of Shaviyani Atoll administrative and geographically part of the Miladhummadulhu Atoll in the Maldives. 
Kumundhoo  is one of the inhabited islands of Haa Dhaalu Atoll administrative division and geographically part of Thiladhummathi Atoll in the north of the Maldives. 
The Surin Islands  is an archipelago of five islands in the Andaman Sea, 60 km from the Thai mainland. Administratively, the islands are part of Tambon Ko Phra Thong, Khura Buri District, in Phang Nga Province, Thailand.
Maarandhoo  is one of the inhabited islands of Haa Alif Atoll and is geographically part of Thiladhummathi Atoll in the north of the Maldives. It is an island-level administrative constituency governed by the Maarandhoo Island Council. 
Yelets  is a city in Lipetsk Oblast, Russia, situated on the Bystraya Sosna River, which is a tributary of the Don. Population: 
, styled as ORIX, is a financial services group headquartered in Minato, Tokyo, and Osaka, Japan. Orix is a member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group  keiretsu.
Yasmina Reza (born 1 May 1959) is a French playwright, actress, novelist and screenwriter best known for her plays "'Art'" and "God of Carnage". Many of her brief satiric plays reflected on contemporary middle-class issues.
John Allyn McAlpin Berryman (born John Allyn Smith, Jr.; October 25, 1914 – January 7, 1972) was an American poet and scholar, born in McAlester, Oklahoma. He was a major figure in American poetry in the second half of the 20th century and is considered a key figure in the Confessional school of poetry. His best-known work is "The Dream Songs".
Air Bagan Limited  was an airline headquartered in Bahan Township, Yangon, Myanmar. It operated domestic scheduled services to 15 towns and cities, as well as to Thailand. Its main bases were Yangon International Airport and Mandalay Chanmyathazi Airport.
CJME is a radio station in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, broadcasting at 980 kHz. Its format is news/talk. 
Punchline is an American rock band from Belle Vernon, Pennsylvania, that was formed in 1998. The band released its seventh full-length album, "Thrilled", on December 4, 2015, on InVogue Records.
Cankdeska Cikana Community College is a tribal college in Fort Totten, North Dakota, on the Spirit Lake Reservation. The college is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. The college is named after Paul "Little Hoop" Yankton, a Dakota man who fought and died in World War II; his Dakota name was "Cankdeska Cikana." 
Westminster College is a private, residential, undergraduate college with a curriculum based on the liberal arts. Located in Fulton, Missouri, the College was established in 1851 as Fulton College. The National Churchill Museum  is a national historic site located on campus.
Gonfaron is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
KWSU-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 10, is a Public Broadcasting Service  member television station licensed to Pullman, Washington, United States. The station is owned by Washington State University. 
KVIA-TV, virtual channel 7 (UHF digital channel 17), is a dual ABC/CW+-affiliated television station licensed to El Paso, Texas, United States and also serving Las Cruces, New Mexico. The station is owned by the News-Press & Gazette Company. 
African Express Airways is a Somali-owned Kenyan airline with its head office at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Embakasi, Nairobi, Kenya. It is a short-haul airline, which caters to business and leisure travellers and operates daily departures.
KBTQ (96.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Spanish Adult Hits format. Licensed to Harlingen, Texas, United States, the station serves the McAllen area. 
Vietri di Potenza is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the Basilicata region of southern Italy.
The Honolulu Museum of Art  is an art museum in Honolulu, Hawaii. The museum is largest of its kind in the state, and was founded in 1922 by Anna Rice Cooke. 
KKJZ (88.1 MHz FM, "K-jazz") is a non-commercial public radio station in Southern California broadcasting from the Long Beach State campus. The station is one of several public radio stations in Southern California presenting jazz and blues.
North Mississippi Allstars is an American southern rock/blues band from Hernando, Mississippi, United States, founded in 1996. The band is composed of two brothers, Luther Dickinson  and Cody Dickinson .
Esteban Matías Cambiasso Deleau (; born 18 August 1980), nicknamed ""Cuchu"", is a former Argentine footballer who played as a midfielder.
Karl Eduard von Eichwald (4 July 1795, in Mitau, Courland Governorate – 10 November 1876, in Saint Petersburg; , "Eduard Ivanovich Eykhval'd") was a Baltic German geologist, physician, and naturalist, who worked in Russia.
Joe Santos (born Joseph John Minieri Jr.; June 9, 1931 – March 18, 2016) was an Italian-American film and television actor, best known as Sgt. Dennis Becker, the friend of James Garner's character, on the NBC crime drama, "The Rockford Files".
Henry IX (1075 – 13 December 1126), called the Black, a member of the House of Welf, was Duke of Bavaria from 1120 to 1126.
Alonzo Herndon Stadium, named for Alonzo Herndon, is a 15,011-seat stadium on the campus of Morris Brown College in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. It is the only two-sided stadium in the Atlanta University Center. 
Giovanni Battista Casti (29 August 1724 – 5 February 1803) was an Italian poet, satirist, and author of comic opera librettos.
Isabell Lehn Herlovsen (born 23 June 1988) is a Norwegian football player who is currently playing for Kolbotn after moving home from China and the club Jiangsu Suning. She plays as a midfielder and a striker.
Juigalpa  is the capital city of the Chontales Department of Nicaragua. It is located within the municipality of Juigalpa, approximately 140 km east of Managua on Carretera Rama, in the central region of Nicaragua.
Thomas Henry Thynne, 5th Marquess of Bath (15 July 1862 – 9 June 1946), styled Viscount Weymouth until 1896, was a British landowner and Conservative politician. He held ministerial office as Under-Secretary of State for India in 1905 and Master of the Horse between 1922 and 1924. 
Los Silos is a municipality and town in the northwestern part of the island Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain. It is located on the north coast, 57 km West of the capital Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
CBW-FM (98.3 MHz) is a public non-commercial radio station in Winnipeg, Manitoba, owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. The station airs the CBC Music Network, a mix of adult album alternative , classical music and other genres. 
Abd-Allah ibn Jahsh  (c. 586 – 625) was a cousin and companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.
Roberto Soldado Rillo (; born 27 May 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Fenerbahçe SK as a striker.
Canadian Forces Base Comox , commonly referred to as CFB Comox or 19 Wing is a Canadian Forces Base located north northeast of Comox, British Columbia. It is primarily operated as an air force base by the Royal Canadian Air Force  and is one of two bases in the country using the CP-140 Aurora anti-submarine/maritime patrol and surveillance aircraft. 
Richard Melvin Schoen (born October 23, 1950) is an American mathematician known for his work in differential geometry. 
Kim Nam-Il (; Hanja: 金南一; born 14 March 1977) is a retired South Korean footballer who played as defensive midfielder. He was virtually unknown before he became a superstar for his impressive defensive displays for his national team during the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
The Apple Boutique was a retail store located in a building on the corner of Baker Street and Paddington Street, Marylebone, London. It opened on 7 December 1967 and closed on 31 July 1968. The shop was one of the first business ventures by The Beatles' fledgling Apple Corps.
Landmark Media Enterprises, LLC  is a privately held media company headquartered in Norfolk, Virginia specializing in newspaper publishing, Internet publishing, software and data centers.
Guo Yue (; born July 17, 1988 in Anshan, Liaoning) is a Chinese table tennis player and the 2007 women's world champion.
Russell Sage College  is a women's college located in Troy, New York, approximately north of New York City in the Capital District. It is one of the three colleges that make up The Sage Colleges. 
LASER Airlines, legally "Línea Aérea de Servicio Ejecutivo Regional, CA", is an airline based in Caracas, Venezuela. It operates scheduled and passenger charter services within Venezuela, the Caribbean, and South America. Its main base is Simón Bolívar International Airport, Caracas.
The Liberation War Museum  is a museum in Sher-e-Bangla Nagar, Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, which commemorates the Bangladesh Liberation War that led to the independence of Bangladesh from Pakistan.
1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig is a German football club based in the city of Leipzig in Saxony and may be more familiar to many of the country's football fans as the historic side "VfB Leipzig", the first national champions of Germany. The team won the 2015-16 NOFV-Oberliga Süd and qualified for the 2016–17 Regionalliga Nordost, where it will face former East German champions FC Carl Zeiss Jena and BFC Dynamo.
The Persian Socialist Soviet Republic , also known as the Soviet Republic of Gilan , was a short-lived Soviet republic in the Iranian province of Gilan that lasted from June 1920 until September 1921. It was established by Mirza Koochak Khan, a leader of the Constitutionalist movement of Gilan, and his "Jangali"  partisans, with the assistance of the Soviet Union's Red Army.
Ilo is a port city in southern Peru, with 66,118 inhabitants. It is the second largest city in the Moquegua Region and capital of the Ilo Province.
Athearn is a United States manufacturer of model railroad equipment, produced and distributed by American hobby manufacturer Horizon Hobby, Inc. of Champaign, Illinois, USA.
Wyalong is part of the Bland Shire located in the Northern Riverina Region of New South Wales, Australia. Established as a gold mining town, it is now a quiet town with historic buildings a few kilometres east of West Wyalong, the major district service centre. At the , Wyalong had a population of 851.
Scott Fischman (born 1980 in Langhorne, Pennsylvania) is an American professional poker player based in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Olga Fyodorovna Bergholz (; – November 13, 1975) was a Soviet poet, writer, playwright and journalist. She is most famous for her work on the Leningrad radio during the city's blockade, when she became the symbol of city's strength and determination.
FC Viikingit is a Finnish football club based in Vuosaari, East Helsinki, and currently playing in the "Kakkonen", the third tier of Finnish football. They play their home matches at Vuosaaren urheilukenttä, also called Heteniitty. 
Mark Adam Hensby (born 29 June 1971) is an Australian professional golfer.
The Solomon Islands Liberal Party  was a political party in the Solomon Islands.
Moyale is a market town on the border of Ethiopia and Kenya, which is split between the two countries: the larger portion is in Ethiopia which is split by the Somali region and Marsabit County, Kenya .
Mocha  is a port city on the Red Sea coast of Yemen. Until Aden and al Hudaydah eclipsed it in the 19th century, Mocha was the principal port for Yemen's capital, Sanaʽa.
KWHY-TV, virtual channel 22 (VHF digital channel 4), is a Spanish-language independent television station licensed to Los Angeles, California, United States. The station is owned by Meruelo Broadcasting as part of a duopoly with Garden Grove-licensed Spanish-language independent KBEH (channel 63); the two stations share channel 42 under a channel sharing agreement. 
Jorge Alberto Francisco Valdano Castellanos (born 4 October 1955) is an Argentine former footballer, coach and the former general manager of Real Madrid. He was born in Las Parejas, Santa Fe Province, and played as a forward throughout his footballing career. 
Hawes is a small market town and civil parish in Upper Wensleydale in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England, that was granted its market charter in 1699. Historically in the North Riding of Yorkshire, Hawes is located at the head of Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales; the River Ure runs to the north of the town and is regarded as one of the honeypot tourist attractions of the Yorkshire Dales National Park. It is known as the home to the Yorkshire Wensleydale Cheese.
Chill is a British digital radio station dedicated to chill out, ambient and trip hop music.
Conception Bay  is a bay on the southeast coast of Newfoundland, Canada.
Nosy Be  is an island off the northwest coast of Madagascar. Nosy Be is Madagascar's largest and busiest tourist resort. 
KPPX-TV, virtual channel 51 (UHF digital channel 31), is an Ion Television owned-and-operated television station serving Phoenix, Arizona, United States that is licensed to Tolleson. The station is owned by Ion Media Networks. 
Eastbourne Borough Football Club is an English football club based in Eastbourne, East Sussex. The club is an FA Chartered Standard Community club affiliated to the Sussex County Football Association and is a registered Community Interest Company.
Pretty Boy Floyd was a Canadian hard rock band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The band should not be confused with the American glam metal band of the same name.
Old Delhi or Purani Dilli was founded as a walled city of Delhi, India, founded as Shahjahanabad in 1639, when Shah Jahan, the Mughal emperor at the time, decided to shift the Mughal capital from Agra. The construction of the city was completed in 1648, and it remained the capital of the Mughal Empire until its fall in 1857, when the British Raj took over a paramount power in India.
SATENA  is a Colombian government owned airline based in Bogotá, Colombia. It operates domestic routes. Its main hub is El Dorado International Airport.
The Rally (; until 2004 Rally for Caledonia in the Republic, ; from 2004 to 2014 Rally–UMP) is a conservative political party in New Caledonia, strongly supportive of the French status of the region; it is affiliated with the French party Les Republicains.
Huaibei  is a prefecture-level city in northern Anhui Province, China. It borders Suzhou to the east, Bengbu to the south, Bozhou to the west, and the province of Henan to the north. 
Ivan Asen III , ruled as tsar of Bulgaria 1279–1280. Ivan Asen III was the son of Mitso Asen of Bulgaria and Maria of Bulgaria, a daughter of Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria and Irene of Thessalonica. 
Lu Yongxiang (; born 1942) is a Chinese engineer and politician. He served as President of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and Vice Chairman of the National People's Congress. 
Wúzhōu , formerly Ngchow, is a prefecture-level city in the east of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.
BETA Cargo  was a cargo airline based in Brazil. It operated international cargo charters in the Americas. Its main base was Guarulhos International Airport, São Paulo.
Bovec  is a town in the Littoral region in northwestern Slovenia, close to the border with Italy. It is the central settlement of the Municipality of Bovec.
Doudeville is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Baluan Island  is the southernmost island of the Admiralty Islands group which makes up the majority of Manus Province in Papua New Guinea. It belongs to the Pam Islands, an island subgroup to the south of Lou Island. It is formed from an extinct volcano, also named Baluan.
John Peter Gilmore (25 August 1931 – 3 February 2013), known as Peter Gilmore, was an English actor, known for his portrayal of Captain James Onedin in 91 episodes of the BBC television period drama "The Onedin Line" (1971–80), created by Cyril Abraham.
William David Coolidge (; October 23, 1873 – February 3, 1975) was an American physicist and engineer, who made major contributions to X-ray machines. He was the director of the General Electric Research Laboratory and a vice-president of the corporation. 
Thuraya  is a United Arab Emirates-based regional mobile-satellite service  provider. The company operates two geostationary satellites and provides telecommunications coverage in more than 161 countries in Europe, the Middle East, North, Central and East Africa, Asia and Australia. 
The Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences  is a research institute that is sponsored jointly by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research  and the University of Colorado Boulder . CIRES scientists study the Earth system, including the atmosphere, hydrosphere, cryosphere, biosphere, and geosphere, and communicate these findings to decision makers, the scientific community, and the public.
Ventimiglia di Sicilia  is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, located in the autonomous region of Sicily, Italy. Though "Ventimiglia di Sicilia" is its official name, in Sicilian, the city is known as Calamigna.
The Movielife is a Long Island punk rock band composed of vocalist Vinnie Caruana, guitarist Brandon Reilly, and drummer Brett Romnes. The band originally formed in 1997 and disbanded in 2003, but announced their official reunion in December 2014.
Aldingen is a municipality in the district of Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Meredith Dawn Salenger (born March 14, 1970) is an American actress. She is best known for her title role in the 1985 film "The Journey of Natty Gann" and the 1989 teen comedy, "Dream a Little Dream".
The Kyll , noted by the Roman poet Ausonius as "Celbis", is a 128 km long river in western Germany , left tributary of the Moselle. It rises in the Eifel mountains, near the border with Belgium and flows generally south through the towns Stadtkyll, Gerolstein, Kyllburg and east of Bitburg. 
Valie Export  (born May 17, 1940 in Linz as Waltraud Lehner, later Waltraud Höllinger) is an Austrian artist. Her artistic work includes video installations, body performances, expanded cinema, computer animations, photography, sculptures and publications covering contemporary arts.
Antoine Konrad (born 23 June 1975 in Sissach, Basel-Landschaft), better known as DJ Antoine, is a Swiss House DJ, record producer and lifestyle entrepreneur from Basel, Switzerland. 
Moustiers-Sainte-Marie, or simply Moustiers,  is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France, a part of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region and considered one of the "most beautiful villages of France".
Mount Mercy University is a Catholic liberal arts university in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. The school was founded by the Sisters of Mercy in 1928.
6 Burlington Gardens is a Grade II*-listed building in Mayfair, London. Built for the University of London, it has been used by various institutions in the course of its history, including the Civil Service Commission, the British Museum and, currently, the Royal Academy of Arts.
The Swedish Royal Museum of Natural History , in Stockholm, is one of two major museums of natural history in Sweden, the other one being located in Gothenburg.
The New Bedford Whaling Museum is a museum in New Bedford, Massachusetts, United States that focuses on the history of the international whaling industry and the "Old Dartmouth" region  in the South Coast of Massachusetts. The museum is governed by the Old Dartmouth Historical Society , and its collections include over 750,000 items, including 3,000 pieces of scrimshaw and 2,500 logbooks from whaling ships, both of which are the largest collections in the world. 
Georges Moustaki (born Giuseppe Mustacchi; 3 May 1934 – 23 May 2013) was an Egyptian-French singer-songwriter of Jewish origin, best known for the poetic rhythm and simplicity of the romantic songs he composed and often sang. Moustaki gave France some of its best-loved music by writing about 300 songs for some of the most popular singers in that country, such as Édith Piaf, Dalida, Françoise Hardy, Yves Montand, Barbara, Brigitte Fontaine, Herbert Pagani, France Gall, Cindy Daniel, Juliette Greco, Pia Colombo, and Tino Rossi, as well as for himself.
WERD was the first radio station owned and programmed by African Americans. The station was established in Atlanta, Georgia on October 3, 1949, broadcasting on 860 AM . 
UTFO  was an American old-school hip hop group from Brooklyn, New York City.
Aghasi Mammadov (born June 1, 1980) is an Azerbaijani boxer who competed in the bantamweight division (54 kg) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal.
Isaiah Bowman, AB, Ph. D. (December 26, 1878, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada – January 6, 1950, Baltimore, United States) was an American geographer and President of the Johns Hopkins University, 1935-1948.
Brighton City Airport , also commonly known as Shoreham Airport, is an airport located in the parish of Lancing in West Sussex, England. It has a CAA Public Use Aerodrome Licence that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction.
The Naab  is a river in Bavaria, Germany, and is a left tributary of the Danube. Including its main source river Waldnaab, it is long.
The Maryland Congressional elections of 2006 were held on Tuesday, November 7, 2006. The terms of all eight Representatives to the United States House of Representatives expired on January 3, 2007, and therefore all were put up for contest. 
Amyrtaeus  of Sais is the only Pharaoh of the Twenty-eighth Dynasty of Egypt and is thought to be related to the royal family of the Twenty-sixth Dynasty (664–525 BC). He ended the first Persian occupation of Egypt (i.e. the Twenty-seventh Dynasty: 525–404 BC) and reigned from 404 BC to 399 BC. 
Lifou Island or "Drehu" in the local language is the largest, most populous and most important island of the Loyalty Islands , in the archipelago of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. With a total area of 1,207 square kilometers Lifou is located east of Australia at .
Grupo Salvador Caetano, SGPS, SA or simply Salvador Caetano is a Portuguese holding based in Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal that controls some enterprises on vehicle assembly, components and distribution business.
Andrew Bernstein (born 1949) is an American philosopher. He is a proponent of Objectivism, the philosophy of Ayn Rand, and the author of several books, both fiction and non-fiction.
Ford Motor Company of Canada Ltd.  was founded on August 17, 1904, for the purpose of manufacturing and selling Ford automobiles in Canada and the British Empire. It was originally known as the Walkerville Wagon Works, and was located in Walkerville, Ontario . 
Bryan Gary Habana OIS (born 12 June 1983) is a South African former rugby union player who played as a wing. He most recently played for Toulon in the French Top 14 competition, and for the South Africa national team .
Irizar Group is a Spanish-based manufacturer of luxury bus and coach. Established in 1889, the company is located in Ormaiztegi in the Basque Country, Spain. 
The University of the Highlands and Islands  is a tertiary university composed of Academic Partners which are the 13 colleges and research institutions in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland delivering higher education. Its executive office is in Inverness.
Catholic Relief Services  is the international humanitarian agency of the Catholic community in the United States. Founded in 1943 by the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, the agency provides assistance to 130 million people in more than 90 countries and territories in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and Eastern Europe.
The Patriotic Society Party , formerly the January 21 Patriotic Society  is a populist and personalist political party in Ecuador, led by former army colonel Lucio Gutiérrez. 21 January refers to the date of the 2000 Ecuadorean coup d'état.
Banco Santander, S.A., doing business as Santander Group , is a Spanish multinational commercial bank and financial services company founded and based in Santander, Spain. In addition to hubs in Madrid and Barcelona, Santander maintains a presence in all global financial centres as the largest Spanish banking institution in the world. 
South Arkansas lies within the southern most portions of Arkansas Gulf Coastal Plain and Delta regions. It encompasses the lower 15 counties of the state.
Brad Walker (born June 21, 1981 in Aberdeen, South Dakota) is an American pole vaulter. He was the American recordholder and was the 2007 World Champion in the event.
The river Sado  is a river in Southern Portugal; it is one of the major rivers in the country. It flows in a northerly direction  through from its springs in the hills of Ourique before entering the Atlantic Ocean in an estuary in the city of Setúbal.
Rothenburg/Oberlausitz  is a small Lusatian town in eastern Saxony, Germany on the Neisse river on the German-Polish border. It has a population of 5,500.
Giuseppe Saronni (born 22 September 1957), also known as Beppe Saronni, is an Italian former racing cyclist.
Carlo Maderno  (1556 – 30 January 1629) was an Italian architect, born in today's Ticino, who is remembered as one of the fathers of Baroque architecture. His façades of Santa Susanna, St. Peter's Basilica and Sant'Andrea della Valle were of key importance in the evolution of the Italian Baroque. 
The Pisa  is a river in north-eastern Poland with a length of 82 km and a basin area of 4,510 km.. It belongs to the Masurian Lake District of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship. The Pisa river flows from Lake Roś near the town of Pisz, and is a tributary of the Narew, connecting the Lakeland region with the Vistula. The Pisz Forest borders the river on its west bank.
XCOR Aerospace was an American private spaceflight and rocket engine development company based at the Mojave Air and Space Port in Mojave, California, Midland International Air and Spaceport in Midland, Texas and the Amsterdam area, the Netherlands. XCOR was formed in 1999 by former members of the Rotary Rocket rocket engine development team, and ceased operations in 2017.
Aranc is a French commune in the department of Ain in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.
Balan is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Michael Silberbauer (born 7 July 1981) is a former Danish professional footballer. He is currently the head coach of Pacific FC in the Canadian Premier League.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf (born 29 October 1938) is a Liberian politician who served as the 24th President of Liberia from 2006 to 2018. Sirleaf was the first elected female head of state in Africa.
Billiat is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Bouligneux is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
WHRO-TV, virtual channel 15 (UHF digital channel 16), is a Public Broadcasting Service  member television station licensed to both Hampton and Norfolk, Virginia, United States and serving the Norfolk–Portsmouth–Newport News television market. The station's transmitter is located in Suffolk, Virginia. 
Pirmin Zurbriggen (born 4 February 1963) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Switzerland. One of the most successful ski racers ever, he won the overall World Cup title four times, an Olympic gold medal in 1988 in Downhill, and nine World Championships medals (4 gold, 4 silver, 1 bronze).
Rochelle Stevens (born September 8, 1966 in Memphis, Tennessee) was a 1996 Olympic gold medalist for the United States in the women's 4x400-meter relay. She was also part of the team that won the silver medal in the same event and 6th in the world at 400 meters at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives for the 36th Congress were held during President James Buchanan's term at various dates in different states from August 1858 to November 1859. 
Bressolles is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Ariarathes IV, surnamed "Eusebes", "the Pious", , was the king of Cappadocia in 220–163 BC.
Chablis  is a town and commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
WYTU-LD, virtual channel 63 (UHF digital channel 17), is a Telemundo-affiliated television station licensed to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States. Owned by Chicago-based Weigel Broadcasting, it is a sister station to CBS affiliate WDJT-TV (channel 58), MeTV owned-and-operated station WBME-CD (channel 41) and Racine-licensed independent station WMLW-TV (channel 49). 
Chemeketa Community College is a community college located in the unincorporated community of Hayesville, Oregon, near Salem, United States, with a campus in McMinnville and education centers in Dallas, Brooks, and Woodburn, and the Northwest Wine Studies Center in Eola. Chemeketa serves nearly 30,000 students each year in a district that covers in Marion, Polk, most of Yamhill, and part of Linn counties.
Jancis Mary Robinson (born 22 April 1950) is a British wine critic, journalist and wine writer. She currently writes a weekly column for the "Financial Times", and writes for her website JancisRobinson.com, updated daily. 
Crucified Barbara was an all-female Swedish hard rock and heavy metal band, formed in Stockholm in 1998.
Amec Foster Wheeler plc was a British multinational consultancy, engineering and project management company headquartered in London, United Kingdom until its acquisition by and merger into Wood Group in October 2017. It was focused on the Oil, Gas & Chemicals, Mining, Power & Process and Environment & Infrastructure markets, with offices in over 55 countries worldwide. 
Suqian  is a prefecture-level city in northern Jiangsu Province, China. It borders Xuzhou to the northwest, Lianyungang to the northeast, Huai'an to the south, and the province of Anhui to the west.
Falsterbo  is a town located at the south-western tip of Sweden in Vellinge Municipality in Skåne. Falsterbo is situated in the southern part of the Falsterbo peninsula. It is part of Skanör med Falsterbo, one of Sweden's historical cities.
Andean Renaissance  is a political party in Peru.
The Social Democratic Party  is a centrist political party in East Timor.
Club Esportiu Principat was an Andorran football club created in 1989, based in the city of Andorra la Vella. Was one of the most successful football clubs in Andorra along with FC Santa Coloma and UE Sant Julià, having won three times the Andorran Premier League and five times the Andorran Cup. 
Karl Schmidt-Rottluff (Karl Schmidt until 1905; 1 December 1884 – 10 August 1976) was a German expressionist painter and printmaker; he was one of the four founders of the artist group Die Brücke.
Eric Martsolf (born July 27, 1971) is an American television actor and singer best known for his role as Ethan Winthrop in the NBC soap opera "Passions" from 2002 to 2008. Since November 2008, he has played the role of Brady Black on NBC's "Days of Our Lives" for which he won a Daytime Emmy in 2014.
Rodger Corser (born 28 February 1973) is an Australian actor. He is best known for his portrayals of Detective Senior Sergeant Steve Owen in the Nine Network crime mini-series "Underbelly", based on the Melbourne gangland killings, and Senior Sergeant Lawson Blake in the Network Ten police drama series "Rush", and As Dr.
BTQ is the Brisbane station of the Australian Seven Network. BTQ was the second television station to launch in Brisbane, going to air on 1 November 1959, after QTQ  launched three months earlier.
Joseph Carl Firrantello (December 16, 1937 – January 10, 1986), known as Joe Farrell, was an American jazz saxophonist and flautist. He is best known for a series of albums under his own name on the CTI record label and for playing in the initial incarnation of Chick Corea's Return to Forever.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives for the 27th Congress were held at various dates in different states from July 1840 to November 1841. 
Elections to the United States House of Representatives for the 19th Congress coincided with the contentious presidential election of that year. While the bulk of states held their elections in 1824, six states scheduled their general elections at various times during 1825.
The Chamber of Deputies  is the lower house of the bicameral national legislature of Rwanda.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives for the 1st Congress were held in 1788 and 1789, coinciding with the election of George Washington as first President of the United States. The dates and methods of election were set by the states. Actual political parties did not yet exist, but new members of Congress were informally categorized as either "pro-Administration"  or "anti-Administration".
Karina Lombard (born January 21, 1969) is a French-American actress and singer. She has appeared in projects such as the Showtime series "The L Word", "The 4400", "Rescue Me", and "Legends of the Fall".
The Presets are an Australian electronic music duo of Julian Hamilton  and Kim Moyes . Formed in 2003 and signed to Modular Records, The Presets released two EPs  in advance of their debut album, "Beams", released in 2005 to positive critical response. 
The Wilde Flowers were the archetypal Canterbury scene music group based in the vicinity of Canterbury, England. 
Audemars Piguet Holding SA  is a Swiss manufacturer of luxury mechanical watches and clocks, headquartered in Le Brassus, Switzerland. The company was founded by Jules Louis Audemars and Edward Auguste Piguet in the Vallée de Joux in 1875, acquiring the name "Audemars Piguet & Cie" in 1881. 
The Alliance of Liberties  was a political party in Morocco.
Remoulins is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Emmanuel Amuneke  born 25 December 1970 is a Nigerian football coach and former player who is manager of the Tanzania national team.
Hennebont  is a commune in the Morbihan department in the region of Brittany in north-western France.
Joel Lamela Loaces (born January 29, 1971) is a former sprinter from Cuba.
Sleepy Creek is a tributary of the Potomac River in the United States, belonging to the Chesapeake Bay's watershed. The stream rises in Frederick County, Virginia, and flows through Morgan County, West Virginia before joining the Potomac near the community of Sleepy Creek.
Blue Scholars is an American hip hop duo based in Seattle, Washington, created in 2002 while the members, DJ Sabzi  and MC Geologic , were students at University of Washington.
D4L  was an American hip hop group formed in 2003, composed of Atlanta-based rappers Fabo, Mook-B, Stoney, and Shawty Lo. They are best known for their hit single "Laffy Taffy", which peaked at #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 in January 2006.
Iznalloz is a small town about 35 km north of Granada, Spain. The town is the main center of a region known as Los Montes Orientales, which comprises about 17 towns and villages spread over the north of the province of Granada. 
Woodah Island, also known as Isle Woodah, is an island in Arnhem Land, in the Northern Territory of Australia, lying in the mouth of Blue Mud Bay at . It is located 13.4 km east of Haddon Head on the coast of mainland Arnhem Land. 
Dem Franchize Boyz is an American hip hop group from Atlanta signed to E1 Music. The group had four members: Parlae , Pimpin' , Jizzal Man , and Buddie .
Capena (until 1933 called Leprignano) is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome, Lazio region . The town has borrowed its modern name from a pre-Roman and Roman settlement that was to its north.
Vivoin is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.
Border City Wrestling  is an independent professional wrestling promotion based in Windsor, Ontario. Many BCW employees were trained by Scott D'Amore, the owner and booker of BCW, at the "Can-Am Wrestling School". 
Charles Frederick (22 November 1728 – 10 June 1811) was Margrave, Elector and later Grand Duke of Baden  from 1738 until his death.
Ian Scott Holloway (born 12 March 1963) is an English professional football manager and former player who was most recently manager of Championship club Queens Park Rangers.
Mary Loretta Philbin (July 16, 1902 – May 7, 1993) was an American film actress of the silent film era, who is best known for playing the roles of Christine Daaé in the 1925 film "The Phantom of the Opera " opposite Lon Chaney, and as Dea in "The Man Who Laughs". Both roles cast her as the beauty in "Beauty and the Beast"-type stories.
James William Good (September 24, 1866 – November 18, 1929) was an American politician from the state of Iowa, who served in the U.S. House of Representatives and the Cabinet of President Herbert Hoover as Secretary of War. He was a member of the Republican Party.
Prince Hubertus of Hohenlohe-Langenburg (born 2 February 1959 in Mexico City as Hubertus Rudolph zu Hohenlohe-Langenburg; ) is a Mexican Alpine skier, photographer, businessman, and a pop singer known as Andy Himalaya and Royal Disaster. He belongs to a family which reigned over a principality in what is now the northeastern of Baden-Württemberg in Germany until the early 19th century. 
The Islamic Republican Party  formed in mid-1979 to assist the Iranian Revolution and Ayatollah Khomeini establish theocracy in Iran. It was disbanded in May 1987 due to internal conflicts.
Townsville Airport is a major Australian regional airport that services the city of Townsville, Queensland. The airport is also known as Townsville International Airport, and Garbutt Airport, a reference to its location in the Townsville suburb of Garbutt. 
The National Army of Colombia  is the land warfare service branch of the Military Forces of Colombia. With over 220,000 active personnel as of 2018, it is the largest and oldest service branch in Colombia, and the third largest army in the Americas after Brazil and the United States.
The Fordyce and Princeton Railroad Company is a short-line railroad headquartered in Crossett, Arkansas.
Bear McCreary (born February 17, 1979) is an American musician and composer of film, television, and video games scores based in Los Angeles, California. He is best known for his work on the reimagined "Battlestar Galactica" television series and for the TV series "Outlander" and "The Walking Dead". He has also scored for the PlayStation 4 video game "God of War".
The Scottish Labour Party  is the UK Labour Party's devolved Scotland administrative subdivision.
Vinessa Elizabeth Shaw (born July 19, 1976) is an American film actress and model. She began her career as a child actor, and had her break-out role in Disney's 1993 Halloween comedy-fantasy hit film "Hocus Pocus". Shaw also appeared in "Ladybugs" (1992) and "L.A. Without a Map" (1998).
The Amhara Democratic Party  , formerly known as Amhara National Democratic Movement , is a political party in Ethiopia. The party is one of four members of the ruling Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front in Ethiopia. The party chairman is Demeke Mekonnen, who replaced Addisu Legesse in 2010.
WMYO-CD, virtual and UHF digital channel 24, is a low-powered, Class A Laff-affiliated television station licensed to Louisville, Kentucky, United States. The station is owned by New Albany Broadcasting Co., Inc. WMYO-CD maintains offices on Potters Lane in Clarksville, Indiana, and its transmitter is located in the Louisville tower farm in Floyd County .
Nansen Island or Isla Nansen Sur is the largest of the islands lying in Wilhelmina Bay off the west coast of Graham Land, lying east of Emma Island. Nansen Island was discovered by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition (1897–1899) under Adrien de Gerlache and named for Dr. Fridtjof Nansen, noted Arctic explorer.
Hermsdorf is a town in the Saale-Holzland district of the state of Thuringia in eastern Germany. It is especially known for the motorway junction "Hermsdorfer Kreuz" where the two German autobahns A 4  and A 9  meet.
Walt Mink were an American alternative rock power trio formed in St. Paul, Minnesota in 1989 by guitarist/singer/songwriter John Kimbrough, drummer Joey Waronker and bassist Candice Belanoff. The band released four studio albums over the course of their eight-year career.
WJSR is an adult hits formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Lakeside, Virginia, serving Richmond and Petersburg in Virginia. WJSR is owned and operated by SummitMedia. The station's studios are located west of Richmond proper in unincorporated Chesterfield County, and its transmitter is located in Mechanicsville, Virginia.
Worsley is a town in Western Australia located in the South West region near the town of Collie. The town is within the Shire of Collie.
Euphrase Kezilahabi (born 13 April 1944) is a Tanzanian novelist, poet, and scholar. Born in Ukerewe, Tanganyika , he is currently based at the University of Botswana, where he is an associate professor at the Department of African Languages.
Fria liberaler i Svenska kyrkan FiSK is a nominating group of liberals that work within the Church of Sweden. FISK is an organizationally autonomous network, previously linked to the party Folkpartiet, but since early 2013 independent from that party.
William A. Graham (May 15, 1926 – September 12, 2013) was an American television and film director.
Paul Edwards (September 2, 1923 – December 9, 2004) was an Austrian-American moral philosopher. He was the editor-in-chief of MacMillan's eight-volume "Encyclopedia of Philosophy" from 1967, and lectured at New York University, Brooklyn College and the New School for Social Research from the 1960s to the 1990s.
Gate City Bank Field at the Fargodome is an indoor athletic stadium located in Fargo, North Dakota, on the campus of North Dakota State University . Opened in late 1992, the facility is owned by the City of Fargo, built on university land. 
The Islamic Republic of Iran Navy  acronymed NEDAJA , is the naval warfare service branch of Iran's regular military, the Islamic Republic of Iran Army .
Levon Grigori Aronian (; born 6 October 1982) is an Armenian chess player. He was awarded the title Grandmaster by FIDE in 2000. 
Mirs Bay   is a bay in the northeast of Kat O and Sai Kung Peninsula of Hong Kong, China. The north and east shores are surrounded by Yantian and Dapeng New District of Shenzhen. Ping Chau stands in the midst of the bay.
Kemer is a seaside resort and district of Antalya Province on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey, west of the city of Antalya, on the Turkish Riviera.
Pocatello Regional Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport located seven nautical miles (13 km) northwest of the central business district of Pocatello, a city in Bannock County, Idaho, United States.
Phaedon Gizikis ( ; 16 June 1917 – 27 July 1999) was a Greek army general, and the second and last President of Greece under The Junta, from 1973 to 1974.
Wingate University is an American "Judeo-Christian" university based over three campuses in Wingate, Charlotte, and Hendersonville, North Carolina. It was founded in 1896 and is affiliated with the Baptist State Convention of North Carolina. 
Worcester Regional Airport is three miles (5 km) west of Worcester, in Worcester County, Massachusetts. The main property lies within municipalities of Worcester and Leicester, with supporting facilities in Paxton. 
Khaba  was a pharaoh of Ancient Egypt, active during the 3rd dynasty of the Old Kingdom period. The exact time during which Khaba ruled is unknown but may have been around 2670 BC.
Aristides Royo Sánchez (born August 14, 1940 in La Chorrera, Panamá Province) was President of Panama from October 11, 1978 to July 31, 1982, when he was pressured to resign by the military.
Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo International Airport is an international airport in the state of Guerrero on Mexico's Pacific Ocean coast. It receives thousands of tourists all year to visit beaches and resorts. 
The American Diabetes Association  is a United States-based nonprofit that seeks to educate the public about diabetes and to help those affected by it by funding research to manage, cure and prevent diabetes (including type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and pre-diabetes).
Nuits-Saint-Georges  is a commune in the arrondissement of Beaune of the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France. It lies in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region.
PGP Corporation was a company that sold Pretty Good Privacy computer software. It was founded in 2002, and acquired by Symantec in 2010.
Kyabram is located in the centre of a rich irrigation district in the Goulburn River Valley, in the Australian state of Victoria, north of Melbourne. Kyabram, the second-largest town in the Shire of Campaspe, is situated between the towns of Echuca and Shepparton and is close to the Murray River, Goulburn River, Campaspe River and Waranga Basin. 
Helmond Sport is a Dutch football club, playing in the Dutch Eerste Divisie and located in Helmond, Noord-Brabant. The club was founded on June 27, 1967, as a breakaway from the local professional club Helmondia '55, which had gone bankrupt.
Jon Carin (born October 21, 1964) is a Grammy Award winning musician, singer, songwriter and producer who has been a longtime collaborator with the band Pink Floyd and the solo careers of David Gilmour and Roger Waters, The Who, Pete Townshend, Eddie Vedder, and Kate Bush.
Aleksandrs Starkovs (born 26 July 1955) is a Latvian football coach and a former footballer. 
The American Institute of Physics  promotes science and the profession of physics, publishes physics journals, and produces publications for scientific and engineering societies. The AIP is made up of various member societies. Its corporate headquarters are at the American Center for Physics in College Park, Maryland, but the institute also has offices in Melville, New York, and Beijing.
Gaston de Foix, duc de Nemours (10 December 1489 – 11 April 1512), also known as "The Thunderbolt of Italy," was a French military commander noted mostly for his brilliant six-month campaign from 1511 to 1512 during the War of the League of Cambrai.
Prokopyevsk  is a city in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia. Population: 
CHOM-FM is an English language radio station located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Owned and operated by Bell Media, it broadcasts on 97.7 MHz from the Mount Royal candelabra tower, with an effective radiated power of 41,200 watts (class C1) using an omnidirectional antenna, while its studios are located at the Bell Media Building at 1717 René Lévesque Boulevard East in Montreal.
Valeria Bruni Tedeschi, also spelled Bruni-Tedeschi (; born 16 November 1964), is an Italian-French actress, screenwriter and film director. Her 2013 film, "A Castle in Italy," was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
Bruce Manning Metzger (1914–2007) was an American biblical scholar, Bible translator and textual critic who was a longtime professor at Princeton Theological Seminary and Bible editor who served on the board of the American Bible Society and United Bible Societies. He was a scholar of Greek, New Testament, and New Testament textual criticism, and wrote prolifically on these subjects. 
Holker Old Boys Association Football Club is a football club based in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England. They are currently members of the and play at Rakesmoor.
WTTV, virtual channel 4 (UHF digital channel 48), is a CBS-affiliated television station serving Indianapolis, Indiana, United States that is licensed to Bloomington. The station is owned by the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of the Tribune Media Company, as part of a duopoly with Fox affiliate WXIN (channel 59). 
Dorival Guidoni Júnior, known simply as Doriva (born 28 May 1972) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and is the football manager of São Bento.
Parni valjak  is a Croatian and former Yugoslav rock band. They were one of the top acts of the former Yugoslav rock scene, and currently one of the top rock-and-roll bands in Croatia.
Karl Georg Christian von Staudt (24 January 1798 – 1 June 1867) was a German mathematician who used synthetic geometry to provide a foundation for arithmetic.
Allan Pineda Lindo (born November 28, 1974), known professionally as apl.de.ap , is a Filipino-American rapper, singer and record producer best known as a member of the Grammy Award-winning hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas.
Johan Hendrik Caspar Kern (April 6, 1833 – July 4, 1917) was a Dutch linguist and Orientalist. In the literature, he is usually referred to as H. Kern or Hendrik Kern; a few other scholars bear the same surname.
Charilaos Trikoupis (; July 11, 1832 – March 30, 1896) was a Greek politician who served as a Prime Minister of Greece seven times from 1875 until 1895.
, also known as , was one of the most successful professional Go players of the twentieth century.
Nihonkai Telecasting Co., Ltd.  is a Japanese TV station broadcast in Tottori Prefecture and Shimane Prefecture. NKT is a TV station of Nippon News Network and Nippon Television Network System .
KXQQ-FM is a commercial radio station located in Henderson, Nevada, broadcasting in the Las Vegas, Nevada area on 100.5 FM. KXQQ-FM airs a rhythmic hot AC format, billed as "Q100.5." Owned by Entercom, the station's studios are located in the unincorporated Clark County area of Spring Valley, while KXQQ-FM's transmitter is atop Black Mountain in Henderson.
Javier Clemente Lázaro (; born 12 March 1950) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and is the manager of the Basque Country national team.
Pavlos Kountouriotis (; 9 April 1855 – 22 August 1935) was a Greek rear admiral during the Balkan Wars, regent, and the first President of the Second Hellenic Republic. In total he served four times as head of the Greek State, most times in the history of the seat.
This Is Hell are an American hardcore punk band from Long Island, New York. The band is known for extensive touring and high energy concerts. 
Louise of Great Britain (originally Louisa; 18 December 1724 – 19 December 1751) was Queen of Denmark and Norway from 1746 until her death, as the first wife of King Frederick V. She was the youngest surviving daughter of King George II of Great Britain and Caroline of Ansbach.
Anthony Allen (born January 11, 1982) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association . He is a six-time NBA All-Defensive Team member, including three times on the first team. He won an NBA championship with the Boston Celtics in 2008.
The Groninger Museum  is an art museum in the city of Groningen in the Netherlands. The museum exhibits modern and contemporary art of local, national, and international artists.
The British Golf Museum is located opposite the clubhouse of the Royal and Ancient Golf Club in St Andrews, Scotland. 
Offenburg  is a city located in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. With about 57,000 inhabitants (2013), it is the largest city and the administrative capital of the Ortenaukreis.
Frederick Sydney Stolle, AO (born 8 October 1938) is an Australian former tennis player and commentator. He was born in Hornsby, New South Wales, Australia. He is the father of former Australian Davis Cup player Sandon Stolle.
Neumann University is a private Roman Catholic liberal arts college in Aston, Pennsylvania. It is sponsored by the Sisters of St. Francis of Philadelphia.
Louis Frederick Fieser (April 7, 1899 – July 25, 1977) was an American organic chemist, professor, and in 1968, professor emeritus at Harvard University. He is renowned as the inventor of military effective napalm whilst he worked at Harvard in 1943. 
Francesco Moser ( or ; ;; born 19 June 1951 in Palù di Giovo, Trentino), nicknamed "Lo sceriffo" , is an Italian former professional road bicycle racer.
Pilot were a Scottish rock group, formed in 1973 in Edinburgh by David Paton and Billy Lyall. They are best known for their songs "Magic" and "January".
Galyani Vadhana, Princess of Naradhiwas (; ; ; 6 May 1923 – 2 January 2008) was a princess of Thailand and the elder sister of King Ananda Mahidol  and King Bhumibol Adulyadej . She was also a direct granddaughter of King Chulalongkorn , and aunt of King Vajiralongkorn .
Bruriah  is one of several women quoted as a sage in the Talmud. She was the wife of the Tanna Rabbi Meir and the daughter of Hananiah ben Teradion.
Sunwoo Entertainment, Co., Ltd.  is an animation studio located in Seoul, South Korea. It was established as Sunwoo Production Inc. in 1974. 
Hashim ibn Abd Manaf  was the great-grandfather of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and the progenitor of the Banu Hashim clan of the Quraish tribe in Mecca.
Stotfold is a small town and civil parish in Bedfordshire, England.
The World Union of National Socialists  is an organisation founded in 1962 as an umbrella group for neo-Nazi organisations across the globe.
Richard Savitt (born March 4, 1927) is a right-handed American former tennis player.
Izhar Cohen (; born March 13, 1951) is an Israeli singer who won the 1978 Eurovision Song Contest.
Dalhousie is a Canadian town located in Restigouche County, New Brunswick.
Storage Technology Corporation (StorageTek or STK; a.k.a. STC until about 1983), is a data storage technology company headquartered in Redwood Shores, San Francisco Bay Area, California.
Hebron University is a non profit, public university in the city of Hebron, West Bank. It has an undergraduate enrollment of more than ten thousand students.
Langham is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada. It is located on Highway 16, 35 kilometres northwest of the city of Saskatoon. 
The Riverbank Arena was a stadium in the Olympic Park, in Hackney Wick, London, United Kingdom, containing a water-based astroturf.
Katherine Brandon, Duchess of Suffolk, "suo jure" 12th Baroness Willoughby de Eresby (22 March 1519 – 19 September 1580), was an English noblewoman living at the courts of King Henry VIII, King Edward VI and Queen Elizabeth I. She was the fourth wife of Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk, who acted as her legal guardian during his third marriage to Henry VIII's sister Mary. Her second husband was Richard Bertie, a member of her household. 
KPXN-TV, virtual channel 30 (UHF digital channel 24), is an Ion Television owned-and-operated television station serving Los Angeles, California, United States that is licensed to San Bernardino. The station is owned by Ion Media Networks, as part of a duopoly with Inglewood-licensed Ion Plus owned-and-operated station KILM (channel 64). 
Drillers Stadium was a former minor league baseball stadium located in Tulsa, Oklahoma. From 1981 to 2009, Drillers Stadium was home to the Tulsa Drillers, of the Double-A Texas League. 
Silvio Pettirossi International Airport is Paraguay's main national and international gateway, located at Luque, serving the capital city, Asunción. It is named after the Paraguayan aviator Silvio Pettirossi and was formerly known as President Stroessner International Airport, after Paraguay's former head of state General Alfredo Stroessner.<br>
Dome was an English post-punk band, formed in 1980 and consisting of Bruce Gilbert  and Graham Lewis  of Wire.
Marlboro is part of the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality and is a suburb of Sandton.
J Ward originally the Ararat County Gaol, was an Australian prison, of the latter a psychiatric facility to house the criminally insane, located in Ararat, Victoria, Australia.
Cranbrook/Canadian Rockies International Airport is an international airport located north of Cranbrook, British Columbia and south-east of Kimberley in the Canadian Rockies.
Taveuni  is the third-largest island in Fiji, after Viti Levu and Vanua Levu, with a total land area of . The cigar-shaped island, a massive shield volcano which rises from the floor of the Pacific Ocean, is situated to the east of Vanua Levu, across the Somosomo Strait. It belongs to the Vanua Levu Group of islands and is part of Fiji's Cakaudrove Province within the Northern Division.
Fayzulla Ubaydullayevich Khodzhayev (, "Файзулла Убайдуллоевич Хўжаев"; ; b. 1896 Bukhara – March 1938, Moscow) was a Bukharan politician that served as the first head of the Bukharan People's Soviet Republic, which would later form part of the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic. He was later executed as part of the Great Purge during the Stalin period.
The Swaziland Communist Party  was a communist party in Swaziland. SWACOPA was founded around the year 1994. 
FC Baku  is an Azerbaijani football club based in Baku that has been an amateur club since 2016. Prior to that, Baku played 18 seasons in the Azerbaijan Premier League, winning the championship twice and earning the National Cup three times.
Arno Breker (19 July 1900 – 13 February 1991) was a German architect and sculptor who is best known for his public works in Nazi Germany, where they were endorsed by the authorities as the antithesis of degenerate art. One of his better known statues is "Die Partei", representing the spirit of the Nazi Party that flanked one side of the carriage entrance to Albert Speer's new Reich Chancellery.
The Social and Political Front  or FSP was a coalition of several left wing political parties in Colombia. 
The Progressive National Movement  is a progressive political party in Colombia. 
The We are Colombia  is a liberal political party in Colombia. 
Bailrigg FM  and Radio Bailrigg) is a student radio station at Lancaster University. It operates in a music format predominantly featuring pop, but also broadcasts news, drama, comedy, and entertainment. 
Jason Lewis (born June 25, 1971) is an American actor and former fashion model. He is known for his role as Jerry "Smith" Jerrod on the HBO series "Sex and the City".
Jules Romains, born Louis Henri Jean Farigoule (26 August 1885 – 14 August 1972), was a French poet and writer and the founder of the Unanimism literary movement. His works include the play "Knock ou le Triomphe de la médecine", and a cycle of works called "Les Hommes de bonne volonté ". 
Muirkirk Football Club are a Scottish football club, based in the village of Muirkirk, Ayrshire. Nicknamed "the Kirk", they were formed in 1937, and they play at Burnside Park. 
Margaret Ann Lipton (August 30, 1946 – May 11, 2019) was an American actress, model, and singer. She was well known through her role as flower child Julie Barnes in the counterculture television series "The Mod Squad" (1968–1973), for which she won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Television Series Drama in 1970. Her five-decade television, film, and stage career included many roles, including Norma Jennings in David Lynch's "Twin Peaks". 
The Social Christian Unity Party  is a centre-right political party in Costa Rica.
WKYS (93.9 FM, "93.9 WKYS") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Washington, D.C.. The station is owned by Urban One through licensee Urban One Licenses, LLC, and broadcasts an Urban Contemporary format. It is co-owned with WMMJ, WOL, WPRS-FM and WYCB and has its studios located in Silver Spring, Maryland. The station's broadcast tower is located south of Bethesda, Maryland at .
Club Centro Deportivo Olmedo is an Ecuadorian professional football club based in Riobamba, Ecuador. They currently play in the Serie A.
Kurt Waldemar Tank (24 February 1898 – 5 June 1983) was a German aeronautical engineer and test pilot who led the design department at Focke-Wulf from 1931 to 1945. He was responsible for the creation of several important Luftwaffe aircraft of World War II, including the Fw 190 fighter aircraft, the Ta 152 fighter-interceptor and the Fw 200 Condor airliner. 
Andrew Pickens (September 13, 1739 – August 11, 1817) was a militia leader in the American Revolution and a member of the United States House of Representatives from South Carolina.
Erkki Sakari Tuomioja (born 1 July 1946) is a Finnish politician and a member of the Finnish Parliament. From 2000 to 2007 and 2011 to 2015, he served as the Minister for Foreign Affairs. He was President of the Nordic Council in 2008.
Henry S. Yount (March 18, 1839May 16, 1924) was an American Civil War soldier, mountain man, professional hunter and trapper, prospector, wilderness guide and packer, seasonal employee of the United States Department of the Interior, and the first gamekeeper in Yellowstone National Park. He was nicknamed "Rocky Mountain Harry Yount".
Carl Edwin Wieman (born March 26, 1951) is an American physicist and educationist at Stanford University. In 1995, while at the University of Colorado Boulder, he and Eric Allin Cornell produced the first true Bose–Einstein condensate  and, in 2001, they and Wolfgang Ketterle  were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics. Wieman currently holds a joint appointment as Professor of Physics and Professor in the Stanford Graduate School of Education, as well as the DRC Professor in the Stanford University School of Engineering.
The Scottish Republican Socialist Movement  is a political organisation that was formed out of the now defunct Scottish Republican Socialist Party , a political party that operated in Scotland.
The Khmer Republic  was the pro–United States military-led republican government of Cambodia that was formally declared on 9 October 1970. Politically, the Khmer Republic was headed by General Lon Nol and Prince Sisowath Sirik Matak that took power in the 18 March 1970 coup against Prince Norodom Sihanouk, then the country's head of state.
Julianne Moore (born Julie Anne Smith; December 3, 1960) is an American actress and children's author. Prolific in film since the early 1990s, she is particularly known for her portrayals of emotionally troubled women in both independent and Hollywood films, and has received many accolades, including an Academy Award and two Golden Globes. "
Democratic Left  was a left-wing political party in Ireland between 1992 and 1999. It came into being after a split in the Workers' Party, and after seven years in existence it was incorporated into the Irish Labour Party in 1999. 
Frits Zernike (; 16 July 1888 – 10 March 1966) was a Dutch physicist and winner of the Nobel Prize for physics in 1953 for his invention of the phase-contrast microscope.
John Murphy Farley (April 20, 1842 – September 17, 1918) was an Irish-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of New York from 1902 until his death in 1918, and was created a cardinal in 1911.
The Orlando Rage was an American football team based in Orlando, Florida as part of the XFL begun by Vince McMahon of the World Wrestling Federation and by NBC, a major television network in the United States.
Birkenhead  is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, Merseyside, England. Historically in Cheshire, it is on the Wirral Peninsula, along the west bank of the River Mersey, opposite the city of Liverpool. 
Adele Eva Goldberg (born November 9, 1963) is an American linguist, best known for the construction grammar in the tradition of cognitive linguistics.
The Korean Peninsula is located in East Asia. It extends southwards for about from continental Asia into the Pacific Ocean and is surrounded by the Sea of Japan  to the east and the Yellow Sea  to the west, the Korea Strait connecting the two bodies of water.
Óscar Gutiérrez (born December 11, 1974), better known by his ring name Rey Mysterio, is an American professional wrestler currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand.
Gene Myron Amdahl (November 16, 1922 – November 10, 2015) was an American computer architect and high-tech entrepreneur, chiefly known for his work on mainframe computers at IBM and later his own companies, especially Amdahl Corporation. He formulated Amdahl's law, which states a fundamental limitation of parallel computing.
Gaius Petronius Arbiter (; c. 27 – 66 AD) was a Roman courtier during the reign of Nero. He is generally believed to be the author of the "Satyricon", a satirical novel believed to have been written during the Neronian era (54–68 AD).
Kapuskasing is a town on the Kapuskasing River in the Cochrane District of Northern Ontario, Canada, approximately east of Hearst. The town was known as MacPherson until 1917, when the name was changed so as not to conflict with another railway stop in Manitoba.
Paars is a commune in the Aisne department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Gaston Maurice Julia (3 February 1893 – 19 March 1978) was a French mathematician who devised the formula for the Julia set. His works were popularized by French mathematician Benoit Mandelbrot; the Julia and Mandelbrot fractals are closely related.
Westchester County Airport is a county-owned airport in Westchester County, New York, three miles (6 km) northeast of downtown White Plains, in West Harrison, New York. It is sometimes referred to as White Plains Airport and has been so identified in the past by the Official Airline Guide .
MG Rover Group was the last domestically owned mass-production car manufacturer in the British motor industry. The company was formed when BMW sold the car-making and engine manufacturing assets of the original Rover Group to the Phoenix Consortium in 2000.
Abraham "Abe" Fortas (June 19, 1910 – April 5, 1982) was a U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice from 1965 to 1969.
Cushman Kellogg Davis (June 16, 1838November 27, 1900) was an American Republican politician who served as the seventh Governor of Minnesota and as a U.S. Senator from Minnesota.
Bruno Paulin Gaston Paris (9 August 1839 – 5 March 1903) was a French writer and scholar. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1901, 1902 and 1903.
Adolph Olson Eberhart (June 23, 1870 – December 6, 1944) was an American politician, who served as the 17th Governor of Minnesota.
Georges Jean Raymond Pompidou (; 5 July 19112 April 1974) was a French politician who served as President of the French Republic from 1969 until his death in 1974. He previously was Prime Minister of France from 1962 to 1968—the longest tenure in the position's history. 
Sir Andrew Motion (born 26 October 1952) is an English poet, novelist, and biographer, who was Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom from 1999 to 2009. During the period of his laureateship, Motion founded the Poetry Archive, an online resource of poems and audio recordings of poets reading their own work. 
Count , also known as Kiten, Count Nogi (25 December 1849 – 13 September 1912), was a Japanese general in the Imperial Japanese Army and a governor-general of Taiwan. He was one of the commanders during the 1894 capture of Port Arthur from China. 
Dom Carlos I  known as the Diplomat ; and ; 28 September 1863 – 1 February 1908) was the King of Portugal. He was the first Portuguese king to die a violent death since Sebastian in 1578.
Comair was a wholly owned subsidiary airline of Delta Air Lines, headquartered on the grounds of Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport in Boone County, Kentucky, United States, west of Erlanger, and south of Cincinnati. Operating under the brand name Delta Connection, Comair operated passenger services to destinations in the USA, Canada, Mexico and the Bahamas. 
Lewisham  is an area of south east London, England, south of Charing Cross. The area is identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London. 
Sebastian ( ; 20 January 1554 – 4 August 1578) was King of Portugal from 11 June 1557 to 4 August 1578 and the penultimate Portuguese monarch of the House of Aviz.
"Dom" Pedro II (26 April 1648 – 9 December 1706), nicknamed "the Pacific", was the King of Portugal from 1683 until his death, previously serving as regent for his brother Afonso VI from 1668 until his own accession. He was the fifth and last child of John IV and Luisa de Guzmán.
Nicholas Udall  (1504 – 23 December 1556) was an English playwright, cleric, and schoolmaster, the author of "Ralph Roister Doister", generally regarded as the first comedy written in the English language.
Paul Bruce Dickinson (born 7 August 1958) is an English singer, songwriter, musician, airline pilot, entrepreneur, author, and broadcaster. He is the lead singer of the heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is renowned for his wide-ranging operatic vocal style and energetic stage presence.
George Reeves (January 5, 1914 – June 16, 1959) was an American actor. He is best known for his role as Superman in the 1950s television program "Adventures of Superman".
Saratov  is a city and the administrative center of Saratov Oblast, Russia, and a major port on the Volga River located upstream  of Volgograd. Population: 
Daniel Sheldon Norton (April 12, 1829July 13, 1870) was an American lawyer and politician who served in the Minnesota State Senate and as a U.S. Senator from Minnesota.
Vladislav (; 1280–1326) was the King of Syrmia from 1316 to 1325, and claimant to the Serbian Kingdom.
Meriden is a city in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States, located halfway between the regional cities of New Haven and Hartford. In 2010, the population of the city was 60,868.
Apollonius of Perga (; ; late 3rdearly 2nd centuries BC) was a Greek geometer and astronomer known for his theories on the topic of conic sections. Beginning from the theories of Euclid and Archimedes on the topic, he brought them to the state they were in just before the invention of analytic geometry. 
North Providence is a town in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 32,078 at the 2010 census.
Hot Gossip (1974–1986) were a British dance troupe, who made television appearances and in 1978 backed Sarah Brightman on her single, "I Lost My Heart to a Starship Trooper".
The Franconian Jura  is an upland in Bavaria, Germany. Located between two rivers, the Danube in the south and the Main in the north, its peaks reach elevations of up to and it has an area of some 7053.8 km.
Ware is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 9,872 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Hopedale is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 5,911 at the 2010 census.
Lisbon is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 1,595 at the 2010 census. Lisbon hosts an annual lilac festival on Memorial Day weekend.
Friendship is a town in Allegany County, New York, United States. The population was 2,004 at the 2010 census. 
Randolph is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 2,602 at the 2010 census. The town was named after Randolph, Vermont.
Smyrna is a town in Chenango County, New York, United States. The population was 1,280 at the 2010 census. Smyrna is named after a coastal city in ancient Greece.
Sidney is a town in Delaware County, New York, United States. The population was 5,774 at the 2010 census. The town is at the northwest corner of the county and contains the village of Sidney.
Broadalbin is a town in Fulton County, New York, United States. The population was 5,250 at the 2010 census. 
Cape Vincent is a town in Jefferson County, New York, United States. The population was 2,777 at the 2010 census.
Hamilton is a town in Madison County, New York, United States. The population was 6,690 at the 2010 census. The town is named after American patriot Alexander Hamilton.
Camden is a town in Oneida County, New York, United States. The population was 4,934 at the 2010 census.
Naples is a town in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 2,502 at the 2010 census.
Parish is a town in Oswego County, New York, United States. The population was 2,558 at the 2010 census.
Milton is a town in Saratoga County, New York, United States. The population was 17,103 at the 2000 census. 
Waterloo is a town in Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 7,642 at the 2010 census. 
Islip  is one of ten towns in Suffolk County, New York . Located on the South Shore of Long Island, the town population was 335,543 at the 2010 census. Within the Town of Islip is a smaller, unincorporated hamlet and census-designated place also named Islip.
Palmyra is a town in southwest Wayne County, New York, United States. The population was 7,975 at the 2010 census. The town is named after the ancient city Palmyra in Syria.
Pike is a town in Wyoming County, New York. The population was 1,114 at the 2010 census.
Bloomer is a town in Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 1,050 at the 2010 census, up from 926 at the 2000 census. 
Cassville is a town in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 487 at the 2000 census. The Village of Cassville is located within the town.
Mineral Point is a town in Iowa County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,033 at the 2010 census. The City of Mineral Point is located within the town.
Sparta is a town in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,750 at the 2000 census.
Clear Lake is a town in Polk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 800 at the 2000 census. The Village of Clear Lake is located within the town.
Germantown is a town in Washington County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 278 at the 2000 census. It is surrounded by the village of Germantown.
Oshkosh is a city in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States, located where the Fox River enters Lake Winnebago from the west. The population was 66,083 at the 2010 census. The city is located adjacent to the Town of Oshkosh.
Henry Watson Fowler (10 March 1858 – 26 December 1933) was an English schoolmaster, lexicographer and commentator on the usage of the English language. He is notable for both "A Dictionary of Modern English Usage" and his work on the "Concise Oxford Dictionary", and was described by "The Times" as "a lexicographical genius".
The Huntington Library, Art Collections and Botanical Gardens, colloquially known as The Huntington, is a collections-based educational and research institution established by Henry E. Huntington (1850–1927) and located in San Marino, California, United States. In addition to the library, the institution houses an extensive art collection with a focus on 18th- and 19th-century European art and 17th- to mid-20th-century American art. 
The Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology  in Boston, Massachusetts, is a non-profit private college of engineering and industrial technologies established in 1908 with funds bequeathed in Benjamin Franklin's will.
Mary Lou Williams (born Mary Elfrieda Scruggs; May 8, 1910 – May 28, 1981) was an American jazz pianist, arranger, and composer. She wrote hundreds of compositions and arrangements and recorded more than one hundred records (in 78, 45, and LP versions). Williams wrote and arranged for Duke Ellington and Benny Goodman, and she was friend, mentor, and teacher to Thelonious Monk, Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, Tadd Dameron, Bud Powell, and Dizzy Gillespie.
Butigeidis  was the Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1285 to 1291. He is the first known and undisputed member of the Gediminids.
Johann Gottfried Walther (18 September 1684 – 23 March 1748) was a German music theorist, organist, composer, and lexicographer of the Baroque era.
The Hold Steady is an American rock band from Brooklyn, New York, formed in 2003. The band consists of Craig Finn , Tad Kubler , Galen Polivka , Bobby Drake , Franz Nicolay  and Steve Selvidge . 
Esther Mona Friesner-Stutzman, née Friesner (born July 16, 1951) is an American science fiction and fantasy author. She is best known for her humorous style of writing, both in the titles and the works themselves.
Severia or Siveria  is a historical region in present-day central-west Russia, northern Ukraine, eastern Belarus. The largest part lies in today's Russia, while the central part of the region is the city Novhorod-Siverskyi in Ukraine. 
WLTW (106.7 FM, "106.7 Lite FM") is an adult contemporary radio station licensed to New York City and serving the New York metropolitan area. WLTW is owned by iHeartMedia and broadcasts from studios in the former AT&T Building in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan; its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building.
Blackburn Olympic Football Club was an English football club based in Blackburn, Lancashire in the late 19th century. Although the club was only in existence for just over a decade, it is significant in the history of football in England as the first club from the north of the country and the first from a working-class background to win the country's leading competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup . 
KPFK (90.7 FM) is a listener-sponsored radio station based in North Hollywood, California, United States, which serves Southern California, and also streams 24 hours a day via the Internet. It was the second of five stations in the non-commercial, listener-sponsored Pacifica Foundation network.
United Media was a large editorial column and comic strip newspaper syndication service based in the United States, owned by the E. W. Scripps Company, that operated from 1978 to 2011. It syndicated 150 comics and editorial columns worldwide. Its core businesses were the United Feature Syndicate and the Newspaper Enterprise Association.
AirTran Holdings  was a Nevada corporation, based in Orlando, Florida, United States, that operated as an airline holding company. Its primary asset was AirTran Airways until Southwest Airlines acquired AirTran on May 2, 2011.
Max Bill (22 December 1908 – 9 December 1994) was a Swiss architect, artist, painter, typeface designer, industrial designer and graphic designer.
KUKA is a Chinese-owned manufacturer of industrial robots and solutions for factory automation. It is owned by Chinese company Midea Group..
Sir William Watson, FRS (3 April 1715 – 10 May 1787) was an English physician and scientist who was born and died in London. His early work was in botany, and he helped to introduce the work of Carolus Linnaeus into England. He became a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1741 and vice president in 1772.
Evrenos or Evrenuz (Gazi Hadji Evrenos Bey; died 17 November 1417 in Yenice-i Vardar) was an Ottoman military commander, with an unlikely long-lived career and lifetime. He served as a general under Süleyman Pasha, Murad I, Bayezid I, Süleyman Çelebi and Mehmed I.
Walls of Jericho is an American metalcore band from Detroit, Michigan, formed in 1998.
The Purari  is a river in that originates in the south central highlands especially in Kandep District of Enga Province of Papua New Guinea, flowing though the Gulf Province to the Gulf of Papua. The Purari has a drainage basin and is the third largest river in Papua New Guinea.
Sir Gaston Camille Charles Maspero (23 June 1846 – 30 June 1916) was a French Egyptologist known for popularizing the term "Sea Peoples" in an 1881 paper.
Roseworthy is a small town in South Australia, about 10 km north of Gawler on the Horrocks Highway. At the 2016 census, Roseworthy had a population of 994. 
WHUS is the commercial-free college radio station of the University of Connecticut. It is one of the oldest radio stations in Connecticut, with roots going back to just after World War I. It is a community radio station, featuring members of the student body and the local community around Storrs, Connecticut.
William Albert Haynes III (born July 10, 1953) is a retired American professional wrestler better known as Billy Jack Haynes.
Aquinas College is a Roman Catholic institution of higher learning in Nashville, Tennessee founded in 1928 and named in honor of St. Thomas Aquinas.
Christoph Ananda Probst (born 6 November 1919 – 22 February 1943) was a German student of medicine and member of the White Rose  resistance group.
Marvin Julian Miller (April 14, 1917 – November 27, 2012) was an American baseball executive who served as the Executive Director of the Major League Baseball Players Association  from 1966 to 1982. Under Miller's direction, the players' union was transformed into one of the strongest unions in the United States. In 1992, Red Barber said, "Marvin Miller, along with Babe Ruth and Jackie Robinson, is one of the two or three most important men in baseball history."
Georg Voigt was a German historian who was born in 1827 in Königsberg in East Prussia. 
R1 Airlines Ltd., formerly known as Regional 1, is a regional airline based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. It was established and started operations in August 2003 and operated scheduled services in Western Canada. 
The Iowa Interstate Railroad is a Class II regional railroad operating in the central United States. The railroad is owned by Railroad Development Corporation of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Hugh Denis Charles FitzRoy, 11th Duke of Grafton (3 April 1919 – 7 April 2011) was the son of Charles FitzRoy, 10th Duke of Grafton, and his first wife Lady Doreen Maria Josepha Sydney Buxton, second daughter of Sydney Buxton, 1st Earl Buxton. He was known from 1936 to 1970 as the Earl of Euston.
Sir Walter Benjamin Campbell (4 March 1921 – 4 September 2004) was an Australian judge, administrator and governor. He was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Queensland, Chancellor of the University of Queensland, and Governor of Queensland.
Intouch Holdings PCL  is a Thai holding company which focuses on telecommunication industry. It is the parent company of Advanced Info Service , the largest mobile phone operator in Thailand, and Thaicom, Thailand's satellite operator. It is listed in the Stock Exchange of Thailand and is part of SET50 index.
Burning Witch was an American doom metal band from Seattle, Washington, active between 1995 and 1998. Aside from EPs and split releases, the band released a compilation album called "Crippled Lucifer", which had songs of their early EPs.
KTXL, virtual and UHF digital channel 40, is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Sacramento, California, United States. The station is owned by the Tribune Broadcasting subsidiary of the Tribune Media Company. 
Northwestel Inc. is the incumbent local exchange carrier  and long distance carrier in Northern Canada.
Yzeures-sur-Creuse is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
Barga is a medieval town and "comune" of the province of Lucca in Tuscany, central Italy. It is home to around 10,000 people and is the chief town of the "Media Valle"  of the Serchio River.
Augusta is a town on the south-west coast of Western Australia, where the Blackwood River emerges into Flinders Bay. It is the nearest town to Cape Leeuwin, on the furthest southwest corner of the Australian continent. In the it had a population of 1,091; by 2016 the population of the town was 1,109 .
The National Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty  is a large organization dedicated to the abolition of the death penalty in the United States. Founded in 1976  by Henry Schwarzschild, the NCADP is the only fully staffed nationwide organization in the United States dedicated to the total abolition of the death penalty in the country. 
Damon Darron Jones (born August 25, 1976) is an American professional basketball coach and former player who was most recently an assistant coach for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association .
Kilifi is a town on the coast of Kenya, northeast by road of Mombasa. The town lies on the Kilifi Creek and sits on the estuary of the Goshi River. 
Bralima  is a brewing company in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with six breweries, founded in 1923. The brewery is owned by Heineken International.
Gale William McGee (March 17, 1915April 9, 1992) was a United States Senator of the Democratic Party, and United States Ambassador to the Organization of American States . He represented Wyoming in the United States Senate from 1959 until 1977. 
Sonia Delaunay (November 14, 1885 – December 5, 1979) was a Ukrainian-born French artist, who spent most of her working life in Paris and, with her husband Robert Delaunay and others, cofounded the Orphism art movement, noted for its use of strong colors and geometric shapes. Her work extends to painting, textile design and stage set design. She was the first living female artist to have a retrospective exhibition at the Louvre in 1964, and in 1975 was named an officer of the French Legion of Honor.
BlackHawk is an American country music group founded in 1992 by Henry Paul , Van Stephenson , and Dave Robbins . Several backing musicians also performed with the trio; however, these backing musicians were not officially part of Blackhawk until 2008.
East Sister Island is a 15 hectare island in Ontario, located within Lake Erie, maintained as a Provincial Nature Reserve. This large, wooded, Lake Erie island is uninhabited except for thousands of birds.
Ian McCulloch (born 28 July 1971) is a former English professional snooker player from Walton-Le-Dale, Preston, Lancashire. He is known for his ability to grind opponents down through protracted safety exchanges and disjointed breakbuilding. He compiled 105 century breaks in his career.
Fran Levstik (28 September 1831 – 16 November 1887) was a Slovene writer, political activist, playwright and critic. He was one of the most prominent exponents of the Young Slovene political movement.
First Tennessee, part of the First Horizon National Corporation, is a financial services company based in Memphis, Tennessee. First Tennessee provides financial services through more than 180 locations in and around Tennessee. 
Yle TV2  is a Finnish television channel owned and operated by Yle.
The Denver Dynamos were a soccer team based in Denver that played in the NASL from 1974 to 1975.
The Los Angeles Lazers were an indoor soccer team that played in the Major Indoor Soccer League  from 1982 to 1989.
The New York Generals were a soccer team based out of New York City that played in the non-FIFA sanctioned National Professional Soccer League. Their home field was Yankee Stadium. Their colors were gold and green  and they were owned by RKO General, then owners of WOR-TV.
Vancouver Royal Canadians was a soccer team based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada that played in the U.S.-based United Soccer Association  and North American Soccer League . The USA was made up of entire teams imported from Europe and Latin America. For the 1967 season, the Vancouver club was actually Sunderland A.F.C. of English Football League.
Oliver Parker (born 6 September 1960) is an English film director.
Nazilli Belediyespor is the local football team for city of Aydın province of Turkey. They are currently playing in the TFF Third League.
CFHK-FM is a radio station serving London Ontario, that transmits at 16.7 kW on a -high transmitter at 103.1 FM. Owned by Corus Entertainment, the station broadcasts an adult contemporary format branded as 103.1 Fresh Radio. Although licensed to St. Thomas, the station's studios and offices are located in London, with the other Corus Radio London stations while its transmitter is located on the CFPL-DT tower in Southwest London.
Gavriil Adrianovich Tikhov (May 1, 1875 – January 25, 1960) was a Soviet astronomer who was a pioneer in astrobiology and is considered to be the father of astrobotany. He worked as an observer at the Pulkovo Observatory from 1906 until 1941. 
Fontet is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Aleksey Feofilaktovich Pisemsky   was a Russian novelist and dramatist who was regarded as an equal of Ivan Turgenev and Fyodor Dostoyevsky in the late 1850s, but whose reputation suffered a spectacular decline after his fall-out with "Sovremennik" magazine in the early 1860s. A realistic playwright, along with Aleksandr Ostrovsky he was responsible for the first dramatization of ordinary people in the history of Russian theatre. "
Sembawang Air Base is a military airbase of the Republic of Singapore Air Force located at Sembawang, in the northern part of Singapore. The base motto is ""Dare and Will"".
Volvic  is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.
Cameron Zishan Rana-Jerome (born 14 August 1986), known as Cameron Jerome, is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish Süper Lig club Göztepe. He earned 10 caps for the England under-21 team.
Elihu Vedder (February 26, 1836 – January 29, 1923) was an American symbolist painter, book illustrator, and poet, born in New York City. He is best known for his fifty-five illustrations for Edward FitzGerald's translation of "The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam" .
Clunes is a town in Victoria, Australia, 36 kilometres north of Ballarat, in the Shire of Hepburn. At the 2016 census it had a population of 1,728.
Friedrich Merz (born 11 November 1955) is a German lawyer and politician of the centre-right Christian Democratic Union of Germany . He served as a Member of the European Parliament 1989–1994, a member of the Bundestag 1994–2009, and as the chairman of CDU/CSU parliamentary group 2000–2002. In 2018 he announced his candidacy in the CDU leadership election in December 2018.
Anton Niklas Sundberg (27 May 1818, Uddevalla – 2 February 1900) was a Lutheran clergyman, and the Church of Sweden archbishop of Uppsala 1870–1900.
Princess Sumaya University for Technology , established in 1991, is a specialized, Non-governmental, Non-profit, Jordanian university, owned by the leading applied research centre in Jordan, the Royal Scientific Society . PSUT's area of specialization is IT, Communications and Electronics. 
Denman is a small town in New South Wales, Australia, in Muswellbrook Shire. It is on the Golden Highway in the Upper Hunter Region, about north of Sydney. At the 2016 census , Denman had a population of 1,789.
Albright College is a private liberal arts college in Reading, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1856.
Hyacinth Graf Strachwitz von Groß-Zauche und Camminetz (30 July 1893 – 25 April 1968) was a German Army officer of aristocratic descent. Strachwitz saw action in World War I, but rose to fame for his command of armoured forces in World War II. For these services he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds.
Szeto Wah (; 28 February 1931 – 2 January 2011) was a prominent Hong Kong democracy activist and politician. He was the founding chairman of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China, the Hong Kong Professional Teachers' Union and former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1985 to 1997 and from 1997 to 2004.
Pieter Hendrik "Peter" Kooijmans (; 6 July 1933 – 13 February 2013) was a Dutch politician and diplomat of the Christian Democratic Appeal .
Joondalup  is a regional metropolitan city within Perth, Western Australia, approximately north of Perth's central business district.
Serov  is a mining and commercial town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the eastern foothills of the Ural Mountains, on the left bank of the Kakva River , about north of Yekaterinburg. Population: 
The Slovenian National Party  is a nationalist political party in Slovenia led by Zmago Jelinčič Plemeniti. The party is known for its Euroscepticism and opposes Slovenia's membership in NATO. 
The Alternative List , abbreviated to AL, is a socialist political party in Switzerland.
Medlow Bath (postcode: 2780) is an Australian small town located near the highest point of the Blue Mountains, between Katoomba and Blackheath. Its altitude is about and it is about west-north-west of the Sydney central business district and north-west of Katoomba. At the 2011 census, Medlow Bath had a population of 517 people.
Jetix is a defunct worldwide children's television programming block owned by Jetix Europe, Jetix Latin America and ABC Cable Networks Group . The Jetix brand was used for children's blocks and channels featuring action and adventure-related programming, most of which had previously aired on Fox Kids, as well as some original programming.
Division General Luis Altamirano Talavera (July 5, 1867 – July 25, 1938) was a Chilean military officer, minister, Vice President of the Republic and finally President of the Government Junta of Chile between 1924 and 1925.
Herbert William Bowden, Baron Aylestone, (20 January 1905 – 30 April 1994) was a British Labour politician.
The Frisian National Party  is a Frisian nationalist political party in the Netherlands. The FNP is mostly involved in Frisian politics. The Independent Senate Group represents the FNP on a national level, the EFA represents the FNP on a European level.
Pedro Solbes Mira (born 31 August 1942 in Pinoso, Alicante) is a Spanish economist. He was the president of FRIDE, Madrid-based think tank.
La Jolla Playhouse is a not-for-profit, professional theatre on the campus of the University of California San Diego.
Claude Sautet (23 February 1924 – 22 July 2000) was a French author and film director.
John Leonard Eatwell, Baron Eatwell, (born 2 February 1945) is a British economist and the current President of Queens' College, Cambridge. A former senior advisor to the Labour Party, Lord Eatwell now sits in the House of Lords as a non-affiliated peer.
Sheila Sloan Frahm (born March 22, 1945) is an American politician who served in the U.S. Senate as a Republican from Kansas for a brief period in 1996.
Andreas Cellarius (c. 1596, Neuhausen, – 1665, Hoorn) was a Dutch-German cartographer, best known for his "Harmonia Macrocosmica" of 1660, a major star atlas, published by Johannes Janssonius in Amsterdam.
The Ourthe  is a long river in the Ardennes in Wallonia . It is a right tributary to the river Meuse. The Ourthe is formed at the confluence of the "Ourthe Occidentale"  and the "Ourthe Orientale" , west of Houffalize.
Freak Kitchen is an experimental rock band from Gothenburg, Sweden, formed in 1992.
The Nahe is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland, Germany, a left tributary to the Rhine. It has also given name to the wine region Nahe situated around it.
Southern Virginia University  is a private liberal arts college in Buena Vista, Virginia. The school, though not officially affiliated with a particular faith, embraces the values of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . It was founded in 1867 as a school for girls, and is now a private four-year coeducational institution.
The Aube is a river in France, a right tributary of the Seine. It is long. The river gives its name to the Aube department.
Paekakariki , prior to 1905 also known as "Paikakariki", is a town in the Kapiti Coast District in the south-western North Island of New Zealand. It is north of Porirua and northeast of Wellington, the nation's capital city. The town's name in Māori means "kākāriki  perch".
George Clayton Johnson (July 10, 1929 – December 25, 2015) was an American science fiction writer, best known for co-writing with William F. Nolan the novel "Logan's Run", the basis for the MGM 1976 film. He was also known for his television scripts for "The Twilight Zone" , and the first telecast episode of "", entitled "The Man Trap". 
William Nicholas Stone Courtney (16 December 1929 – 22 February 2011) was a British actor. He played Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart in the BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
Cornelius Newton Bliss (January 26, 1833 – October 9, 1911) was an American merchant, politician and art collector, who served as Secretary of the Interior in the administration of President William McKinley and as Treasurer of the Republican National Convention in four successive campaigns.
Thai AirAsia  is a joint venture of Malaysian low-fare airline AirAsia  and Thailand's Asia Aviation. It serves AirAsia's regularly scheduled domestic and international flights from Bangkok and other cities in Thailand.
Monfarracinos is a municipality in Zamora, a province in the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, Spain. It is located 5 km. north of the capital in the direction of Villalpando.
The River Teviot , or Teviot Water, is a river of the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, and a tributary of the River Tweed.
Jan Decleir (born as "Jan Amanda Gustaaf Decleir" on 14 February 1946) is a prolific Belgian movie and stage actor born in Niel, Antwerp.
Andrew Bergman (born February 20, 1945) is an American screenwriter, film director, and novelist. "New York" magazine in 1985 dubbed him "The Unknown King of Comedy". 
Isa Town  is a middle class town located in Bahrain, in the north central part of the country.
Public Bank Berhad  is a bank based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia offering financial services in Malaysia as well as the Asia-Pacific region.
Paolo dal Pozzo Toscanelli (1397 – 10 May 1482) was an Italian astrologer, mathematician, and cosmographer.
Yolande of Aragon (11 August 1384 – 14 November 1442) was a throne claimant and titular queen regnant of Aragon, titular queen consort of Naples, Duchess of Anjou, Countess of Provence, and regent of Provence during the minority of her son. She was a daughter of John I of Aragon and his wife Yolande of Bar .
Boricua College is a private college in New York City. The college was designed to serve the education needs of Puerto Ricans and other Hispanics and was founded by Victor G. Alicea and several others.
Philippe Sylvain Senderos (born 14 February 1985) is a Swiss professional footballer who is currently out of contract. He last played as a defender for the Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer .
, referred to as , is a private railway company operating around Aichi Prefecture and Gifu Prefecture of Japan. 
Paul Georg Edler von Rennenkampff (, tr. ; – 1 April 1918), more commonly known as Paul von Rennenkampf in English, was a Baltic German nobleman, statesman and general of the Imperial Russian Army who commanded the 1st Army in the Invasion of East Prussia during the initial stage of the Eastern front of World War I. He also served as the last commander of the Vilna Military District.
Shangrao  is a medium-sized prefecture-level city located in the northeast of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China, bordering Anhui to the north, Zhejiang to the east, and Fujian to the south; the city's western reaches extend into Poyang Lake. Shangrao had a population of 327,703 in 2010 (6,579,714 for the whole prefecture).
Old Colwyn  is a town just to the east of Colwyn Bay, in Conwy County Borough, Wales.
Christopher James Hampton, CBE, FRSL (born 26 January 1946) is a British playwright, screenwriter, translator and film director. He is best known for his play based on the novel "Les Liaisons dangereuses" and the film version "Dangerous Liaisons" (1988), which received the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He was nominated in the same category for the film adaptation of Ian McEwan's "Atonement" (2007).
Emma Bonino (born 9 March 1948 in Bra) is an Italian politician, she is currently a Senator for Rome. 
Gottlieb Christoph Adolf von Harless (; 21 November 1806 – 5 September 1879), was a German Lutheran theologian.
Bolbec is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France. Its inhabitants are called "Bolbécais" or "Bolbécaises".
Lincang  is a prefecture-level city located in the southwest of Yunnan province, People's Republic of China.
Dudelange  is a commune with town status in southern Luxembourg. It is the fourth-most populous commune, with 19,734 inhabitants. Dudelange is situated close to the border with France.
Fullerton Municipal Airport , owned and operated by the City of Fullerton, is a Regional Relief airport in Orange County, California.
James Burrill Jr. (April 25, 1772 – December 25, 1820) was a Federalist-party United States senator representing the state of Rhode Island. He served in the senate from 1817 until 1820. 
Wittmund is a town and capital of the district of Wittmund, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Westonia is a small town located in the Eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of the Great Eastern Highway. It is the main town in the Shire of Westonia.
Andrew Jackson Davis (August 11, 1826January 13, 1910) was an American Spiritualist, born in Blooming Grove, New York.
Daniel Grayling Fogelberg (August 13, 1951 – December 16, 2007) was an American musician, songwriter, composer, and multi-instrumentalist. He is known for his 1980s songs, including "Longer" (1979), "Same Old Lang Syne" (1980), and "Leader of the Band" (1982).
Jenette Elise Goldstein (born February 4, 1960) is an American actress, best known for her Saturn Award-winning role as Private Vasquez in the 1986 science fiction action film "Aliens".
Boos is a municipality in the district of Unterallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. The town is the seat of the municipal association with Fellheim, Heimertingen, Niederrieden and Pleß.
Public Against Violence  was a political movement established in Bratislava, Slovakia in November 1989. It was the Slovak counterpart of the Czech Civic Forum.
Orris Sanford Ferry (August 15, 1823 – November 21, 1875) was a Republican American lawyer and politician from Connecticut who served in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. He was also a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Anjar is a town, a tehsil and a municipality in Kachchh district in the state of Gujarat, India. It is located in southern Kutch. 
Subaru Tecnica International , or STI (prior to 2006, STi), is Subaru Corporation's motorsports division. STI, along with Prodrive of the UK specialized in the preparation of a variety of vehicles for the Subaru World Rally Team which competed in the World Rally Championship . 
Paul William Robinson (born 15 October 1979) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Premier League and Football League for Leeds United, Tottenham Hotspur, Blackburn Rovers and Burnley. He is a former England international, earning 41 caps between 2003 and 2007.
Gareth Barry (born 23 February 1981) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for EFL Championship club West Bromwich Albion. A former England international, Barry has made 653 Premier League appearances for Aston Villa, Manchester City, Everton and West Bromwich Albion, the highest number of appearances in the Premier League.
Robert Huber (born 20 February 1937) is a German biochemist and Nobel laureate. known for his work crystallizing an intramembrane protein important in photosynthesis and subsequently applying X-ray crystallography to elucidate the protein's structure.
Virgin Mobile USA is a no-contract mobile provider on the nationwide Sprint network. The provider is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sprint Corporation and one of many Virgin Mobile brands around the world, licensing the brand from United Kingdom-based Virgin Group. 
Saint-Hippolyte or Saint-Hippolyte-sur-le-Doubs is a commune in the department of Doubs, in the eastern French region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté.
Robert Conrad "Robb" Flynn (born Lawrence Matthew Cardine; July 19, 1967) is the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist for the heavy metal band Machine Head. Flynn formed the band along with Adam Duce, Logan Mader and Tony Costanza after leaving Bay Area thrash band Vio-Lence.
Liam Twomey (born 3 April 1967) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served as a Teachta Dála  for the Wexford constituency from 2002 to 2007 and 2011 to 2016.
Rafi , lit. "Israeli Workers List") was a center-left political party in Israel, founded by former Prime Minister, David Ben-Gurion in 1965. In 1968 it was one of three parties that merged to form the Israeli Labor Party.
Sir Charles Aubrey Smith, CBE (21 July 1863 – 20 December 1948) was an England Test cricketer who became a stage and film actor, acquiring a niche as the officer-and-gentleman type, as in the first sound version of "The Prisoner of Zenda" (1937). In Hollywood, he organised British actors into a cricket team, much intriguing local spectators.
Tobias Mayer (17 February 1723 – 20 February 1762) was a German astronomer famous for his studies of the Moon.
Aomori Broadcasting Corporation  is a television and radio broadcaster in Aomori, Japan. It is affiliated with Japan Radio Network , National Radio Network , Nippon News Network  and Nippon Television Network System .
Anura Priyadarshi Solomon Dias Bandaranaike (February 15, 1949 – March 16, 2008) was a Sri Lankan politician, served as Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka (2000–2001), and in several cabinet ministries as Foreign Minister briefly in 2005, Minister of Higher Education (1993–1994), Minister of Tourism (April 2004 – January 2007), Minister of National Heritage (2007), Speaker (2000-2001) and Leader of the Opposition (1983–1988). He last served as a member of parliament from the opposition.
Georg Hermes (22 April 1775, Dreierwalde – 26 May 1831, Bonn) was a German Roman Catholic theologian. Born at Dreierwalde, in Westphalia, Hermes was educated at the gymnasium and University of Münster. 
Payame Noor University  is a public multi-campus university and one of the largest universities in Iran, and a mega university in world, with its headquarters in Tehran, 31 provincial centers, 500 local study centers, other campuses around the country, and an International Study Center located in the headquarters in Tehran. Established in 1988, is a legal body under the Ministry of Science, Research and Technology.
Disney Parks, Experiences and Products, Inc., formerly Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Worldwide, Inc. and informally known as Disney Parks, is one of The Walt Disney Company's four major business segments and a subsidiary. It was founded in 1971, following the opening of Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida just outside of Orlando, Florida.
The Tannu-Ola mountains , "Tañdı-Uula", , – Tangdy-Uula mountains; , "Tağnîn nurú", , , ) is a mountain range in southern Siberia, in the Tuva Republic of Russia. It extends in an east-west direction and curves along the Mongolian border. 
Fortuna Sittard is a football club in Sittard, the Netherlands. The club currently plays its football in the 12,500 capacity Fortuna Sittard Stadion and features in the Eredivisie. 
Nesmy is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.
Salihorsk  is a city in Belarus. In 2010 its population was 102,335.
Abner Linwood "Lin" Holton Jr. (born September 21, 1923) is an American politician, Virginia political figure and attorney. He served as the 61st Governor of Virginia, from 1970 to 1974 and was the first Republican governor of Virginia in the 20th Century.
The Allardyce Range  is a mountain range rising south of Cumberland Bay and dominating the central part of South Georgia, a UK overseas territory. It extends for from Mount Globus in the northwest to Mount Brooker in the southeast, with peaks of and including Mount Paget  the highest peak of the range and also the highest point in the UK territory. Other peaks of the range include Mount Roots.
The Israel Museum  was established in 1965 as Israel's foremost cultural institution and one of the world’s leading encyclopaedic museums. It is situated on a hill in the Givat Ram neighbourhood of Jerusalem, adjacent to the Bible Lands Museum, the Knesset, the Israeli Supreme Court, and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Thomas Such (born 19 February 1963), better known by his stage name Tom Angelripper, is the founding member and main songwriter of German thrash metal band Sodom.
The 1992 United States House of Representatives elections coincided with the 1992 presidential election, in which Democrat Bill Clinton was elected as President, defeating Republican incumbent President George H. W. Bush.
The 1968 United States House of Representatives elections were elections for the United States House of Representatives in 1968 which coincided with Richard M. Nixon's election as President. Nixon's narrow victory yielded only limited gains for his Republican Party, which picked up a net of five seats from the Democratic Party. 
GUS plc was a FTSE 100 retailing group based in the United Kingdom. GUS is an abbreviation of Great Universal Stores, the company's name before 2001. 
The 1942 United States House of Representatives elections was held in the middle of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's third term.
Roy Eric Carroll (born 30 September 1977) is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for NIFL Premiership side Linfield. He is best known for his spells at Wigan Athletic, Manchester United (where he won a Premier League winners medal and the 2004 FA Cup) and Olympiacos . 
Saint Willigis (; ; 940 – 23 February 1011 AD) was Archbishop of Mainz from 975 until his death as well as archchancellor of the Holy Roman Empire.
Pagedale is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 3,310 at the 2010 census.
Velda City is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,420 at the 2010 census.
Dexter is a city in Stoddard County, Missouri, United States, founded in 1873. The population was 7,864 at the 2010 census.
Schell City is a city in Vernon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 249 at the 2010 census.
Mansfield is a city in Wright County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,296 at the 2010 census.
Cascade is a town in Cascade County, Montana, United States. The population was 685 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Great Falls, Montana Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Ryegate is a town in, and the county seat of, Golden Valley County, Montana, United States. The population was 245 at the 2010 census. Ryegate is situated on the north bank of the Musselshell River.
Circle is a town in and the county seat of McCone County, Montana, United States. The population was 615 at the 2010 census.
Darby  is a town in Ravalli County, Montana, United States. The population was 720 at the 2010 census. Darby is located near the southwestern border of Montana and Idaho, along the Continental Divide.
Columbus is a town in and the county seat of Stillwater County, Montana, United States. The population was 1,893 at the 2010 census.
Neligh is a city and county seat in Antelope County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,599 at the 2010 census.
Tekamah  is a city in Burt County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,736 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Burt County.
Edgar is a city in Clay County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 498 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Hastings, Nebraska Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Chadron  is a city and the county seat of Dawes County, in the state of Nebraska in the Great Plains region of the United States. The population was 5,851 at the 2010 census. This city is the location of Chadron State College.
Ralston is a city in Douglas County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 5,943 at the 2010 census. 
Burwell is a city in Garfield County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,210 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Garfield County.
Kimball is a city in and county seat of Kimball County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 2,496 at the 2010 census.
Auburn is a city in Nemaha County, Nebraska, United States, and its county seat. The population was 3,460 at the 2010 census.
Osceola is a city in, and the county seat of, Polk County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 880 as of the 2010 census.
Ashland is a city in Saunders County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 2,453 at the 2010 census.
Fort Calhoun is a city in Washington County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 908 at the 2010 census. The city includes Fort Atkinson, the first fort built west of the Missouri River.
Three Rivers is a city in St. Joseph County in southwestern Michigan in the United States. The population was 7,811 at the 2010 census.
Federal Dam is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States, near Leech Lake. The population was 110 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Brainerd Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Barnstead is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 4,593 at the 2010 census. Home to the Suncook Lakes, Barnstead includes the villages of Center Barnstead, Barnstead Parade  and South Barnstead.
Genola is a city in Morrison County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 75 at the 2010 census.
Surry is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 732 at the 2010 census.
Columbia is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 757 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Berlin, NH–VT micropolitan statistical area.
Sauk Centre is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 4,317 at the 2010 census. It is the birthplace of Sinclair Lewis, a novelist and winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, and Sauk Centre served as the inspiration for Gopher Prairie, the fictional setting of Lewis's 1920 novel "Main Street".
Cleveland is a city in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 12,334 as of the 2010 United States Census.
Greenwood is a city in and the county seat of Leflore County, Mississippi, located at the eastern edge of the Mississippi Delta, approximately 96 miles north of the state capital, Jackson, Mississippi, and 130 miles south of the riverport of Memphis, Tennessee. It was a center of cotton planter culture in the 19th century.
Water Valley is a city in Yalobusha County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 3,392 at the 2010 census.
Pleasant Valley is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,961 at the 2010 census.
Willard is a city in Greene County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 5,288. It is part of the Springfield, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Nashua is a city in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. As of the 2010 census, Nashua had a population of 86,494, making it the second-largest city in the state after Manchester. 
Boscawen is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 3,965 at the 2010 census.
Dunbarton is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 2,758 at the 2010 census.
Northfield is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 4,829 at the 2010 census.
Ronan  is a city in Lake County, Montana, United States. It lies on the Flathead Indian Reservation about 12 miles south of Flathead Lake in the northwestern part of the state. The population was 1,871 at the 2010 census.
North Hampton is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 4,301 at the 2010 census. While the majority of the town is inland, North Hampton includes a part of New Hampshire's limited Atlantic seacoast.
Madbury is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 1,771 at the 2010 census.
Langdon is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 688 at the 2010 census.
Linwood is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 7,092, reflecting a decline of 80 (-1.1%) from the 7,172 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 306 (+4.5%) from the 6,866 counted in the 1990 Census.
Norwood is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 5,711, reflecting a decline of 40 (-0.7%) from the 5,751 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 893 (+18.4%) from the 4,858 counted in the 1990 Census.
Caldwell is a borough located in northwestern Essex County, New Jersey, about outside of New York City and 6 miles west of Newark. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 7,822, reflecting an increase of 238 (+3.1%) from the 7,584 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 35 (+0.5%) from the 7,549 counted in the 1990 Census.
Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire ("née" Spencer; ; 7 June 1757 – 30 March 1806) was an English socialite, political organizer, style icon, author, and activist. Of noble birth from the Spencer family, married into the Cavendish family, she was the first wife of William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire, and the mother of the 6th Duke of Devonshire.
Florham Park is a borough in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 11,696, reflecting an increase of 2,839 (+32.1%) from the 8,857 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 336 (+3.9%) from the 8,521 counted in the 1990 Census.
Garwood is a borough in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the borough's population was 4,226, reflecting an increase of 73 (+1.8%) from the 4,153 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn declined by 74 (-1.8%) from the 4,227 counted in the 1990 Census.
Clovis is the county seat of Curry County, New Mexico, United States, with a population of 37,775 as of the 2010 census, and a 2014 estimated population of 39,860. Clovis is located in the New Mexico portion of the Llano Estacado, in the eastern part of the state.
Gallup  is a city in McKinley County, New Mexico, United States, with a population of 21,678 as of the 2010 census. A substantial percentage of its population is Native American, with residents from the Navajo, Hopi, and Zuni tribes. Gallup is the county seat of McKinley County and the most populous city between Flagstaff and Albuquerque, along the historic U.S. Route 66.
Bernalillo is a town in Sandoval County, New Mexico, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 8,320. It is the county seat of Sandoval County.
Guilderland is a town in Albany County, New York, United States. In the 2010 census, the town had a population of 35,303. 
Genesee is a town in Allegany County, New York, United States. The population was 1,693 at the 2010 census. 
Willing is a town in Allegany County, New York, United States. The population was 1,228 at the 2010 census. The town is on the southern border of the county, south of the village of Wellsville.
Union is a town in Broome County, New York. As of the 2010 census, the town had a total population of 56,346. 
Hinsdale is a town in Cattaraugus County, New York, United States. The population was 2,168 at the 2010 census. The town was named after Hinsdale in New Hampshire.
Niles is a town in Cayuga County, New York, United States. The population was 1,194 at the 2010 census. Niles lies in the eastern part of the county southeast of Auburn.
Poland is a town in Chautauqua County, New York, United States. The population was 2,356 at the 2010 census. The town is on the county's eastern border.
Guilford is a town in Chenango County, New York, United States. The town is on the east border of the county. The population was 2,922 at the 2010 census.
Gallatin is a town in Columbia County, New York, United States. The population was 1,668 at the 2010 census. Gallatin is on the south border of Columbia County and located north of New York City.
Harpersfield is a town in Delaware County, New York, United States. The population was 1,577 at the 2010 census. The town is on the northern border of the county.
LaGrange is a town in Dutchess County, New York, United States. The population was 15,730 at the 2010 census. 
Evans is a town in Erie County, New York, United States. The population was 16,356 at the 2010 census. 
Minerva is a town in Essex County, New York, United States. The population was 809 at the 2010 census. The town is named after Minerva, the Roman goddess of wisdom.
Wilmington is a town in Essex County, New York, United States. The population was 1,253 at the 2010 census. The town is named after Wilmington, Vermont.
Waverly is a town in Franklin County, New York, United States. The population was 1,022 at the 2010 census. The town is on the west border of the county, southwest of Malone.
Halcott is a town in Greene County, New York, United States. The population was 258 at the 2010 census. The town is in the southwestern corner of the county.
Columbia is a town in Herkimer County, New York, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 1,580. The town is at the south border of the county and is southeast of Utica.
Webb is the northernmost town in Herkimer County, New York, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 1,807.
Rutland is a town in Jefferson County, New York, United States. The population was 3,060 at the 2010 census.
Conesus is a town in Livingston County, New York, United States. The population was 2,473 at the 2010 census. 
Fenner is a town in Madison County, New York, United States. The population was 1,726 at the 2010 census.
Hamlin is a town in Monroe County, New York, United States. The population was 9,045 at the 2010 census.
Charleston is a town in Montgomery County, New York, United States. The population was 1,373 at the 2010 census. 
Cambria is a town in Niagara County, New York, USA. The population was 5,839 at the 2010 census. 
Augusta is a town in Oneida County, New York, United States. The population was 2,020 at the 2010 census.
Sangerfield is a town in Oneida County, New York, United States. The population was 2,561 at the 2010 census. The town is named after Jedediah Sanger, an early settler.
Geddes is a town in Onondaga County, New York, United States. The population was 17,118 at the 2010 census.
West Bloomfield is a town in Ontario County, New York, United States. The population was 2,466 at the 2010 census.
Mount Hope is a town in Orange County, New York, United States. The population was 7,018 at the 2010 census.
Ridgeway is a town in Orleans County, New York, United States. The population was 6,886 at the 2000 census. 
Redfield is a town in Oswego County, New York, USA. The population was 550 at the 2010 census.
Hartwick is a town located in Otsego County, New York, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town had a population of 2,110. The Town of Hartwick is located in the middle of the county, southwest of the Village of Cooperstown.
Carmel  is a town in Putnam County, New York, United States. As of the 2010 census, the town had a population of 34,305.
Day is a town in Saratoga County, New York, United States. The population was 920 at the 2000 census. The town is named after Eliphaz Day, a noted lumberman.
Broome is a town in Schoharie County, New York, United States. The population was 947 at the 2000 census. The town is named after John Broome.
Covert is a town in Seneca County, New York, United States. The population was 2,154 at the 2010 census.
Colton is a town in St. Lawrence County, New York, USA. The population was 1,451 at the 2010 census. 
Madrid  is a town in St. Lawrence County, New York, United States. The population was 1,735 at the 2010 census. The town is named after the capital of Spain.
Campbell is a town in Steuben County, New York, United States. The population was 3,691 at the 2000 census. The name is from Robert Campbell, an early landowner.
Howard is a town in Steuben County, New York, United States. The population was 1,467 at the 2010 census.
Wayne is a town located in the northeast corner of Steuben County, New York, United States. As of the 2000 census, the township population was 1,165.
Fremont is a town in Sullivan County, New York, United States. The population was 1,381 at the 2010 census.
Enfield is a town in Tompkins County, New York, United States. The population was 3,512 at the 2010 census.
Ulster is a town in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 12,327 at the 2010 census.
Butler is a town in Wayne County, New York, United States. The population was 2,064 at the 2010 census. 
Mount Vernon is a city in Westchester County, New York, United States. It is an inner suburb of New York City, immediately to the north of the borough of the Bronx. As of the 2010 census, Mount Vernon had a population of 67,292.
Attica is a town in Wyoming County, New York. The population is 2,470 as of July 1, 2016. The town is named after a region in Greece.
Middlesex is a town in Yates County, New York, USA. The population was 1,495 at the 2010 census. 
Banner Elk is a town in Avery County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,028 at the 2010 census. Banner Elk is home to Lees–McRae College.
Tar Heel is a town located in Bladen County, North Carolina, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 117.
Southport is a city in Brunswick County, North Carolina, United States, near the mouth of the Cape Fear River. Its estimated population was 3,625 as of 2016.
Atlantic Beach is a town in Carteret County, North Carolina, United States. It is one of the five communities located on Bogue Banks. The population was 1,495 at the 2010 census.
Claremont is a city in Catawba County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,352 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Hickory–Lenoir–Morganton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Fair Bluff is a town in Columbus County, North Carolina, United States that was devastated by flooding from Hurricane Matthew in 2016 and inundated by high water by Hurricane Florence in 2018. The population was 951 at the 2010 census but is believed to be lower following the two disasters.
Rose Hill is a town in Duplin County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,626 at the 2010 census. Rose Hill claims to be the home of the world's largest frying pan.
Dallas is a small town in Gaston County, North Carolina, and a suburb of Charlotte, located north of Gastonia. The population was 4,488 at the 2010 census. It was named for George M. Dallas, Vice President of the United States under James K. Polk.
Jamestown is a town in Guilford County, North Carolina, United States, and is a suburb of the nearby cities of Greensboro and High Point. The population was 3,382 at the 2010 census.
Clyde is a town in Haywood County, North Carolina, United States. The 2010 census recorded the population at 1,223 people. It is part of the Asheville Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Pine Level, chartered 1872, is a town in Johnston County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,700 at the 2010 census, up from 1,313 at the 2000 census. Pine Level is located southeast of Raleigh, the state capital.
Mint Hill is a suburban town in southeastern Mecklenburg and northwestern Union counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina, it is a major suburb on the outskirts of Charlotte and near the Cabarrus County line. The population was 23,341 at the 2010 census.
Southern Pines is a town in Moore County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 12,334 as of the 2010 United States Census.
Winterville is a town in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States. The population is 9,269 as of the 2010 census. The town is a part of the Village.
Fairmont is a town in Robeson County, North Carolina, United States. The estimated population for 2016 was 2,678.
Wentworth is a small town located in Rockingham County, North Carolina. According to the 2010 U.S. Census estimate, the population is 2,807. Wentworth is the county seat of Rockingham County.
Spindale is a town in Rutherford County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 4,321 at the 2010 census.
Brevard is a city in Transylvania County, North Carolina, United States, with a population of 7,609 as of the 2010 Census. It is the county seat of Transylvania County.
Norlina is a town in Warren County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,118 at the 2010 census.
Reeder is a city in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 162 at the 2010 census.
Antler is a city in Bottineau County in the State of North Dakota. The population was 27 at the 2010 census. Antler was founded in 1905.
Amenia  is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 94 at the 2010 census. Amenia was founded in 1880.
Leonard is a city in Cass County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 223 at the 2010 census. Leonard was founded in 1881.
Elgin is a city in Grant County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 642 at the 2010 census.
Wishek  is a city in McIntosh County, North Dakota, in the United States. The population was 1,002 at the 2010 census.
Lakota is a city in Nelson County, North Dakota, United States. It is the county seat of Nelson County Lakota is located 63 miles west of Grand Forks and 27 miles east of Devils Lake. The population was 672 at the 2010 census, making Lakota the 84th-largest city in North Dakota.
Amidon  is a city in, and the county seat of Slope County, North Dakota, United States.
Williston is a city in and the county seat of Williams County, North Dakota, United States. The 2010 census gave its population as 14,716, and the Census Bureau gave the 2018 estimated population as 27,096, making Williston the sixth-largest city in North Dakota. 
Mount Orab is a village in Brown County, Ohio, United States. The population was 3,664 at the 2010 census.
Summitville is a village in Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. The population was 135 at the 2010 census. 
East Cleveland is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States, and is the first suburb of Cleveland. The population was 17,843 at the 2010 census. 
Middleburg Heights is a city and a suburb of Cleveland in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The population held steady at approximately sixteen thousand throughout the first two decades of the twenty-first century.
Westlake is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Cleveland located 12 miles west of downtown Cleveland. The population was 32,729 at the 2010 census.
The Water of Leith , is a small river in the South Island of New Zealand.
Paul Philippe Cret (October 24, 1876 – September 8, 1945) was a French-born Philadelphia architect and industrial designer. For more than thirty years, he taught a design studio in the Department of Architecture at the University of Pennsylvania.
Mariano Ignacio Prado Ochoa (December 18, 1825 – May 5, 1901) was a Peruvian army general who served as the 27th (1865), 29th (1865 - 1868) and 32nd (1876 - 1879) President of Peru.
The Geba is a river of West Africa that rises in the northern most area of Guinea in the Fouta Djallon highlands, passes through southern Senegal, and reaches the Atlantic Ocean in Guinea-Bissau. It is about in total length. Most of the river is being the longest river in Guinea-Bissau.
Cangzhou  is a prefecture-level city in eastern Hebei province, People's Republic of China. At the 2010 census, Cangzhou's built-up  area made of Yunhe, Xinhua districts and Cang County largely being conurbated had a population of 1,205,814 inhabitants, while the prefecture-level administrative unit in total has a population of 7,134,062. 
William Ernest Castle (October 25, 1867 – June 3, 1962) was an early American geneticist.
Richard David Hughes (born 8 September 1975, Gravesend, Kent) is an English musician, best known as the drummer of the British pop rock band Keane.
Andreas Dittmer (born 16 April 1972 in Neustrelitz, Bezirk Neubrandenburg) is a German sprint canoeist. The dominant sprint canoeist of his generation in 1000 m races, he has won three Olympic and eight world championship gold medals.
Ventersdorp is a town of 4,200 in Dr Kenneth Kaunda District Municipality, North West Province, South Africa. It is the seat of Ventersdorp Local Municipality.
Prince Akaki Tsereteli  (1840–1915), often mononymously known as Akaki, was a prominent Georgian poet and national liberation movement figure.
Joseph "Joey" Slotnick (born October 2, 1968) is an American film actor and voice actor.
M83 is a French electronic music project formed in Antibes, Alpes-Maritimes in 2001 and currently based in Los Angeles. The band's primary member is vocalist, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer Anthony Gonzalez. 
Tree63 is a contemporary Christian music band from Durban, South Africa.
The International Railway of Maine was a historic railroad constructed by the Canadian Pacific Railway  between Lac-Mégantic, Quebec, and Mattawamkeag, Maine, closing a key gap in the railway's transcontinental main line to the port of Saint John, New Brunswick.
Ignition Entertainment Limited, doing business as UTV Ignition Games, was a video game publisher of Indian media conglomerate UTV Software Communications. After The Walt Disney Company acquired UTV Software Communications as a wholly owned subsidiary for The Walt Disney Company India, UTV Ignition Games assets were liquidated.
Old Castile  is a historic region of Spain, which had different definitions along the centuries. Its extension was formally defined in the 1833 territorial division of Spain as the sum of the following provinces: Santander , Burgos, Logroño , Soria, Segovia, Ávila, Valladolid and Palencia. 
Albert S. Ruddy (born March 28, 1930) is a Canadian-born film and television producer.
Richard A. Muller (born January 6, 1944) is an American physicist and professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley. He is also a faculty senior scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. 
Manuel Laureano Rodríguez Sánchez (4 July 1917 – 29 August 1947), better known as Manolete, was a Spanish bullfighter.
Brittany Ann Daniel (born March 17, 1976) is an American television and film actress. She is the twin sister of former actress and photographer Cynthia Daniel. She is best known for her role as Jessica Wakefield in the 1990s syndicated teen drama "Sweet Valley High" and her portrayal of Kelly Pitts on the CW/BET comedy-drama series "The Game".
Craig James Brewster (born 13 December 1966) is a Scottish former professional footballer, turned coach. He made his name in a long playing career as a striker for numerous clubs in Scotland, particularly Forfar Athletic, Raith Rovers, Dundee United and Dunfermline Athletic. 
Count Alexey Andreyevich Arakcheyev or Arakcheev   was a Russian general and statesman under the reign of Alexander I.
WPAT-FM (93.1 FM) – branded "93.1 Amor" – is a radio station that programs a mix of Bachata, Reggaeton and Tropical music. Licensed to Paterson, New Jersey the station is owned by the Spanish Broadcasting System and serves the New York metropolitan area. It has studios in Midtown Manhattan, and the transmitter is located at the Empire State Building.
The North German Federal Navy , was the Navy of the North German Confederation, formed out of the Prussian Navy in 1867. It was eventually succeeded by the Imperial German Navy in 1871.
Coleraine is a town in Victoria, Australia on the Glenelg Highway, west of the state capital, Melbourne and north-west of Hamilton in the Shire of Southern Grampians local government area. It was named after the town in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. At the 2006 census, the urban area of Coleraine had a population of 991.
Salomon Armand Magloire Kalou (born 5 August 1985) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a striker and winger for German club Hertha BSC and Ivory Coast national football team.
Theodore Nicholas Gill (March 21, 1837 – September 25, 1914) was an American ichthyologist, mammalogist, malacologist and librarian.
Aynsley Thomas Dunbar (born 10 January 1946) is an English drummer. He has worked with Nils Lofgren, Eric Burdon, John Mayall, Frank Zappa, Shuggie Otis, Ian Hunter, Lou Reed, Jefferson Starship, Jeff Beck, David Bowie, Mick Ronson, Whitesnake, Pat Travers, Sammy Hagar, Michael Schenker, UFO, Flo & Eddie, Michael Chapman, Jake E. Lee, Leslie West, Kathi McDonald, Keith Emerson, Mike Onesko, Herbie Mann, and Journey. Dunbar was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Journey in 2017.
The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children  is a private, nonprofit organization established in 1984 by the United States Congress. In September 2013, the United States House of Representatives, United States Senate, and the President of the United States reauthorized the allocation of $40 million in funding for the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children as part of Missing Children's Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2013. The current chair of the organization is child safety advocate Patty Wetterling, mother of Jacob Wetterling.
Allansford is a town in the Western District of Victoria, Australia. It is in the City of Warrnambool local government area. The Hopkins River flows through the town.
College of the Sequoias  is a public two-year community college in Visalia, California. The college is named for the Giant Sequoia trees native to the nearby Sierra Nevada mountain range.
Jerez Airport  , is an airport located northeast of Jerez de la Frontera in Southern Spain, about from Cádiz.
Florida SouthWestern State College  is a state college in Southwest Florida. FSW's main campus is in Fort Myers, Florida in Lee County; with satellite campuses in Charlotte County and Collier County, and outreach programs in Hendry County and Glades County. 
Amelinghausen is a municipality in the district of Lüneburg in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is also the seat of the collective municipality  of Amelinghausen.
Sir Martin John Gilbert (25 October 1936 – 3 February 2015) was a British historian and honorary Fellow of Merton College, University of Oxford. He was the author of eighty-eight books, including works on Winston Churchill, the 20th century, and Jewish history including the Holocaust.
Henry Drury Hatfield (September 15, 1875 – October 23, 1962) was an American Republican politician from Logan County, West Virginia. He served a term as the 14th Governor of the state, in addition to one term in the United States Senate. 
Delia Juanita Warrick (September 25, 1942 – October 18, 2008), known as Dee Dee Warwick, was an American soul singer. Born in Newark, New Jersey, she was the sister of Dionne Warwick, the niece of Cissy Houston, and the first cousin of Whitney Houston. 
Larry Eugene Carlton (born March 2, 1948) is an American guitarist who built his career as a studio musician in the 1970s and '80s for acts such as Steely Dan and Joni Mitchell. He has participated in thousands of recording sessions, recorded on hundreds of albums in many genres, for television and movies, and on more than 100 gold records. He has been a member of the jazz fusion group The Crusaders and smooth jazz band Fourplay and has maintained a long solo career.
Son de Sol  is a Spanish flamenco-pop band, made up of three sisters  from Écija, Seville, Andalusia. The trio was selected to represent Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, to be held in Kiev, although they only obtained the 21st position.
Pennsylvania Highlands Community College is a public community college in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Satellite education facilities are provided in Ebensburg , Somerset , and Huntingdon 
Hitchin Town Football Club is an English semi-professional football club based in Hitchin, Hertfordshire. They are currently members of the . 
Vibia Sabina (83–136/137) was a Roman Empress, wife and second cousin once removed to Roman Emperor Hadrian. She was the daughter of Matidia  and suffect consul Lucius Vibius Sabinus. 
Sir John Sinclair of Ulbster, 1st Baronet, PC, MP, FRS, FRSE, FLS (10 May 1754 – 21 December 1835) was a Scottish politician, a writer on both finance and agriculture, and the first person to use the word "statistics" in the English language, in his vast, pioneering work, "Statistical Account of Scotland", in 21 volumes.
Aklak Air is an airline based in Inuvik in Northwest Territories in Canada. It operates year-round and seasonal scheduled services, as well as charter flights throughout the western Arctic. 
The Vindictives are a Chicago-based punk rock group founded by singer/songwriter Joey Vindictive in 1990.
Kimberly Payne Williams-Paisley (née Williams; born September 14, 1971) is an American actress known for her co-starring roles on "According to Jim" and "Nashville," as well as her breakthrough performance in "Father of the Bride" (1991), for which she was nominated for several awards, and its sequel, "Father of the Bride Part II" (1995).
The Amirante Islands  are a group of coral islands and atolls that belong to the Outer Islands of the Seychelles.
Jarler  was Archbishop of Sweden from 1236 to 1255.
Andrew James Lawrence (born January 12, 1988) is an American actor and singer. He is known for his roles as Andy Roman in "Brotherly Love"  and T.J. Detweiler in "Recess".
General Francisco Javier Mina International Airport , also known as Tampico International Airport , is an international airport located at Tampico, Tamaulipas, Mexico. It is named after General Francisco Javier Mina, a leader in Mexico's War of Independence. It handles national and international air traffic of the metropolitan area of Tampico, Ciudad Madero and Altamira.
Ahe, Ahemaru or Omaru, is an almost entirely-enclosed coral atoll, located in the northern Tuamotu Archipelago, just 14 km to the west of Manihi, in French Polynesia.
MeMZ is a brand of vehicle engines related to Melitopol Engine Factory , which is located in Melitopol, Zaporizhia Oblast and it is a part of AvtoZAZ motor vehicle manufacturer out of Zaporizhia.
Warrenton is an agricultural town of approximately 18,000 people in the Northern Cape province of South Africa, situated north of Kimberley on the Vaal River.
Radium Hot Springs, informally and commonly called Radium, is a village of 776 residents situated in the East Kootenay region of British Columbia. The village is named for the hot springs located in the nearby Kootenay National Park. From Banff, Alberta, it is accessible via Highway 93.
Mahitala Dhibesra Adulyadej Vikrom, the Prince Father ( , 1 January 1892 – 24 September 1929), formerly Mahidol Adulyadej, Prince of Songkla  or Mahidol Songkla, was the father of King Ananda Mahidol  and King Bhumibol Adulyadej  of Thailand. He was also regarded as the father of modern medicine and public health of Thailand. He also founded the House of Mahidol or the present Royal Family of Thailand.
Robert Douglas Benton (born September 29, 1932) is an American screenwriter and film director. He won the Academy Awards for Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Director for "Kramer vs. Kramer" (1979) and won a third Oscar for Best Original Screenplay for "Places in the Heart" (1984).
Rumbula is a neighbourhood of Riga located in the Latgale Suburb, on the right bank of the Daugava river. With a population of about 368 inhabitants in 2010, Rumbula's territory covers .
Rete 4 (in English Network 4) is an Italian free-to-air television channel owned by Mediaset. Rete 4's main news programme is "TG4", whose editor-in-chief is Gerardo Greco.
Beno Udrih (born July 5, 1982) is a Slovenian professional basketball player who last played for Žalgiris Kaunas of the Lithuanian Basketball League . He previously played in the NBA for the San Antonio Spurs, Sacramento Kings, Milwaukee Bucks, Orlando Magic, New York Knicks, Memphis Grizzlies, Miami Heat and Detroit Pistons. During his time with the Spurs, Udrih won two NBA titles in 2005 and 2007.
Luke Theodore Walton (born March 28, 1980) is an American professional basketball coach and former player who is the head coach of the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association . He played 10 seasons in the NBA as a forward, winning two NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers. He also won a title as an assistant coach with the Golden State Warriors, and was the head coach for the Lakers from 2016 through 2019.
Pileni is a culturally important island in the Reef Islands, in the northern part of the Solomon Islands province of Temotu. Despite its location in Melanesia, the population of the islands is Polynesian.
The Reef Islands are a loose collection of 16 islands in the northwestern part of the Solomon Islands province of Temotu. These islands have historically also been known by the names of Swallow Islands and Matema Islands. 
Oman Air  is the national airline of Oman. Based at Muscat International Airport in Seeb, Muscat; it operates domestic and international passenger services, as well as regional air taxi and charter flights. 
WDL Aviation GmbH & Co. KG is a German charter airline headquartered at Cologne Bonn Airport.
Apricot Computers was a British company that produced desktop personal computers in the mid-1980s.
Zeionises was an Indo-Scythian satrap of the area of southern Chach  for king Azes II.
Smartwings Hungary Kft., formerly named "Travel Service Hungary", is an airline based in Budapest, Hungary, operating charter flights out of Budapest Ferihegy International Airport. It was founded in 2001 and is a subsidiary of Smartwings from the Czech Republic.
Latacunga  is a plateau town of Ecuador, capital of the Cotopaxi Province, south of Quito, near the confluence of the Alaquez and Cutuchi rivers to form the Patate, the headstream of the Pastaza. At the time of census 2010 Latacunga had 98,355 inhabitants, largely mestizo and indigenous.
Pegasus Airlines   is a Turkish low-cost airline headquartered in the Kurtköy area of Pendik, Istanbul with bases at several Turkish airports.
Wanderers Football Club is an English amateur football club based in London. Founded as Forest Football Club in 1859, the club changed its name to Wanderers in 1864. 
Samara Airlines was an airline based in Samara, Russia. It operated scheduled and charter flights from Samara to destinations in Russia and other countries  and charter flights to Austria, Cyprus, Greece, Israel, Spain, Turkey and United Arab Emirates. Its main base was at Kurumoch International Airport .
, known professionally as , is a Japanese singer from Kyoto, known for her urban and R&B songs. 
Tassili Airlines  is a passenger airline based in Algiers, Algeria. It provides scheduled services out of Houari Boumedienne Airport, as well as charter flights on behalf of the Algerian oil industry.
Andreas Deja is a Polish-born German-American character animator, most noted for his work at Walt Disney Animation Studios. Deja's work includes serving as supervising animator on characters in several Disney animated films, including the Disney villains Gaston in "Beauty and the Beast", Jafar in "Aladdin", Scar in "The Lion King" and the title character in "Hercules".
Sir Isidor George Henschel (18 February 185010 September 1934) was a German-born British baritone, pianist, conductor, and composer.
Robins Island is a island in Peconic Bay by the eastern end of Long Island off the coast of New Suffolk, New York. The island is privately owned and not accessible to the public and is within the jurisdiction of the Town of Southold in Suffolk County, New York in the United States.
Mong Kok Stadium  is a stadium in Mongkok, Kowloon, Hong Kong. With a capacity of 6,769, it hosts Hong Kong Premier League football matches, with Kitchee and Eastern currently ground-sharing the venue. The stadium is currently run by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department of Hong Kong.
Podor is the northernmost town in Senegal, lying on Morfil Island between the Sénégal River and Doué River. It was the location of the ancient state Takrur. 
Knols Fred Rose (August 24, 1897 or 1898 – December 1, 1954) was an American musician, Hall of Fame songwriter, and music publishing executive.
Texas Wesleyan University is a private, coeducational, liberal arts university founded by the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, in 1890. The main campus is located in the Polytechnic Heights Neighborhood of Fort Worth, Texas, United States. Its mascot is the ram.
Some of Kugimiya's most prominent roles include Alphonse Elric in the "Fullmetal Alchemist" series, Happy in "Fairy Tail", and Kagura in "Gintama". Because of her voicing of lead characters such as Nagi Sanzenin in "Hayate the Combat Butler", Shana in "Shakugan no Shana", Kanzaki H. Aria in "Aria the Scarlet Ammo" and Louise in "The Familiar of Zero", and additionally Taiga Aisaka in "Toradora!", some of her fans have nicknamed her the "Queen of Tsundere."
Rohan  is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.
John Murray, 1st Duke of Atholl, KT, PC (24 February 166014 November 1724) was a Scottish nobleman, politician, and soldier. He served in numerous positions during his life, and fought in the Glorious Revolution for William III and Mary II.
Francis Preston Blair Lee (August 9, 1857December 25, 1944) was a Democratic member of the United States Senate, representing the State of Maryland from 1914 to 1917. He was also the great-grandson of American patriot Richard Henry Lee, and grandfather of former Maryland Governor Blair Lee III. 
Conflenti  is a and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Gizzeria  is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Guardavalle  is a "comune" and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
Palermiti  is a village and "comune" of the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Landrais is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Harry Emanuel Andersson (7 March 1913 in Norrköping - 6 June 1996) was a Swedish football striker.
The American Society for Cell Biology  is a professional society that was founded in 1960.
Sellia  is a village and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Torre di Ruggiero  is a village and "comune" in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. A lovey town, with numerous award winning restaurants and wineries, the region is best known for its royal family where a vast majority reside out of Italy. 
Tritium Calcio 1908 was an Italian association football club located in Trezzo sull'Adda, Lombardy.
The International Center for Agriculture Research in the Dry Areas , a member of the CGIAR, supported by the CGIAR Fund, is a non-profit agricultural research institute that aims to improve the livelihoods of the resource-poor across the world's dry areas.
Luton Shelton (born 11 November 1985 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican footballer who plays as a striker or winger.
The Darling Buds are an alternative rock band from Newport, South Wales. The band formed in 1986 and were named after the H. E. Bates novel "The Darling Buds of May" – a title taken in turn, from the third line of Shakespeare's Sonnet 18: "Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May".
Novaya Ladoga  is a town in Volkhovsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located at the point where the Volkhov River flows into Lake Ladoga, east of St. Petersburg. Population: 
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Sacilese Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Sacile, Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
Paramount Stations Group  was a company that controlled a group of American broadcast television stations. The company existed from 1991 until 2001.
Associazione Sportiva Dilettante Cecina is an Italian association football club located in Cecina, Tuscany. It currently plays in Serie D. Its colors are red and blue.
The Honduras Air Force  is the air force of Honduras. As such it is the air power arm of the Honduras Armed Forces.
Michael Dax McCarty (born April 30, 1987 in Winter Park, Florida) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a midfielder for the Chicago Fire in Major League Soccer.
Carfizzi  is an Arbëreshë "comune" in the Province of Crotone, Calabria, Italy.
Sonnewalde is a town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 8 km northwest of Finsterwalde.
Glenrothes Football Club is a Scottish football club based in the new town of Glenrothes, Fife. The club play home games at Warout Stadium, and currently compete in the , having moved from the junior leagues in 2019. 
Tann is a town in the district of Fulda, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated in the Rhön Mountains, 27 km northeast of Fulda. It is an accredited Spa town at the Ulster River.
Themar is a town in the district of Hildburghausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Werra, 11 km northwest of Hildburghausen, and 14 km southwest of Suhl.
Giustiniano Participazio (; died 829) was the eleventh  or ninth  Doge of Venice from 825 to his death. His four years on the ducal throne were very eventful. He was made hypatus by the Byzantine emperor Leo V the Armenian.
Trochtelfingen is a town in the district of Reutlingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 20 km south of Reutlingen.
John Dombrowski Roberts (June 8, 1918 – October 29, 2016) was an American chemist. He made contributions to the integration of physical chemistry, spectroscopy, and organic chemistry for the understanding of chemical reaction rates. 
Adenor Leonardo Bacchi (born 25 May 1961), commonly known as Tite , is a Brazilian professional football coach and former player who is the manager of the Brazil national team.
The Kedaka River is a river flowing through Kundapur and Gangolli in western India. It joins with the Souparnika River, Varahi River, Chakra River, and Kubja River and merges into the Arabian Sea.
Vetschau  is a town in the Oberspreewald-Lausitz district, in southern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated in the Spreewald, 18 km west of Cottbus.
Warin  is a town in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 19 km southeast of Wismar.
Bredenbek is a municipality, located in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde in the German "Bundesland" of Schleswig-Holstein.
The Thames River is located in southwestern Ontario, Canada.
Set Your Goals is an American rock band from San Francisco, California, formed in 2004. Their band name is derived from the CIV album of the same name.
Nebraska Methodist College of Nursing and Allied Health is a private Methodist college in Omaha, Nebraska that focuses on degrees in healthcare.
Petilia Policastro is a "comune" and town with a population of 9,276 people in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, Italy.
Earthplace, The Nature Discovery Center is a natural history museum, nature center and wildlife sanctuary located at 10 Woodside Lane in Westport, Connecticut. 
Wesenberg is a town in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 11 km southwest of Neustrelitz, at the south-west end of the Woblitzsee. Wesenberg Castle is located just outside the town.
Dmitri Valeryevich Khokhlov (, born 22 December 1975) is a Russian football manager and a former player. He is the manager of FC Dynamo Moscow. He played as a holding midfielder or playmaker.
Atrai River   flows in West Bengal and northern parts of Bangladesh.
Louisa Anne Meredith (20 July 1812 – 21 October 1895), also known as Louisa Anne Twamley, was an Anglo/Australian writer and illustrator.
Zhou Xun (, born 18 October 1974) is a Chinese actress and singer. She is regarded as one of the Four Dan Actresses of China. She gained international fame for her roles in "Suzhou River" (2000) and "Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress" (2002).
Haimar Zubeldia Agirre (born 1 April 1977) is a Spanish former road racing cyclist from the Basque Country, who competed professionally between 1998 and 2017 for the , , and teams. During his career, Zubeldia recorded five top-ten finishes in the Tour de France, and one in the Vuelta a España.
Champ-sur-Drac is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Sergio González Soriano (born 10 November 1976), known simply as Sergio, is a Spanish retired footballer, and is the manager of Real Valladolid and the Catalonia national team.
Cildo Meireles (born 1948) is a Brazilian conceptual artist, installation artist and sculptor. He is noted especially for his installations, many of which express resistance to political oppression in Brazil. 
Columbia College is a community college located in the Yosemite Community College District in Sonora, California along with Modesto Junior College. Established in September 1968 as Columbia Junior College, the college dropped "Junior" from its name in 1978. 
Neukirch/Lausitz  is a municipality in upper Lusatia  in the district of Bautzen in Saxony in eastern Germany. It belongs to the district of Bautzen and is situated in several valleys of the mountain region Lausitzer Bergland near the hill "Valtenberg" that reaches about 587 metres. 
Yelizovo Airport  is an airport located in Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, Kamchatka Krai. Its runway is long enough to accommodate a fully loaded Ilyushin Il-96 or Boeing 707 aircraft. 
Wool Bay  is a locality and a former government town in the Australian state of South Australia on the east coast of southern Yorke Peninsula. It is located between Stansbury and Coobowie on Yorke Peninsula, approximately 220 kilometres from Adelaide by road, but only just over 60km due west across Gulf St Vincent.
Othmar Schneider (27 August 1928 – 25 December 2012) was an Austrian Alpine skier and Olympic champion. 
South Park Football Club are an English football club based in Reigate, Surrey. The club is affiliated to the Surrey County Football Association. They play in the .
Saliceto is a commune in the Castagnicca valley near the town of Corte in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Cuevas del Almanzora is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.
Macael is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain. Macael is famous for the production of marble.
The North Thompson River is the northern branch of the Thompson River, the largest tributary of the Fraser River, in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It originates at the toe of the Thompson Glacier in the Premier Range of the Cariboo Mountains, west of the community of Valemount. The river flows generally south through the Shuswap Highland towards Kamloops where it joins the South Thompson River to form the main stem Thompson River.
Vertigo Films is a British film production and distribution company based in London, England. Vertigo Films has been responsible for the production and distribution of "Bronson", "StreetDance 3D", and "Monsters".
Keith Declan Fahey (born 15 January 1983) is a retired Irish footballer, who played most of his career with League of Ireland side St Patrick's Athletic, as well as English club Birmingham City. He played predominantly as a central midfielder, but also occasionally as a winger.
The Duchy of Florence  was an Italian principality that was centred on the city of Florence, in Tuscany, Italy. The duchy was founded after Emperor Charles V restored Medici rule to Florence in 1530. Pope Clement VII, himself a Medici, appointed his relative Alessandro de' Medici as Duke of the Florentine Republic, thereby transforming the Republic of Florence into a hereditary monarchy.
Turre is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.
Tastee Fried Chicken  is a fast food fried chicken restaurant based in Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria. It has 14 locations.
Ohio University Airport or Gordon K. Bush Airport , also known as Snyder Field, is a public-use airport located on State Route 32/U.S. 50 in the village of Albany, about ten miles (16 km) southwest of city of Athens, in Athens County, Ohio, United States.
Eva Elisabet Dahlbeck (8 March 1920 – 8 February 2008) was a Swedish stage, film, and television actress. She received a Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for her performance in the film "Brink of Life" (1958). 
Yu Chaohong (; born November 3, 1975 in Yunnan) is a Chinese race walker.
There have been three versions of George Taylor Richardson Memorial Stadium, a Canadian football stadium located on the campus of the Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario. All three have been the home of the Golden Gaels/Gaels football team. 
WOZZ (94.7 FM, "Rock 94.7") licensed to Mosinee, Wisconsin, is an Active Rock formatted station in the Wausau, Wisconsin, market. The station is owned and operated by Duke Wright's Midwest Communications and operates at an ERP of 50,000 watts. 
Primorsko-Akhtarsk  is a port town and the administrative center of Primorsko-Akhtarsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the coast of the Sea of Azov, northwest of Krasnodar, the administrative center of the krai. Population: 
Medveditsa  is a river in Spirovsky, Likhoslavlsky, Rameshkovsky, Kashinsky, and Kimrsky Districts of Tver Oblast, Russia, a left tributary of the Volga River . The main tributaries are the Kushalka River , the Ivitsa River , the Drezna River , the Rudomosh River , and the Yakhroma River . The length of the Medveditsa is , and the area of its drainage basin is .
Michael Krohn-Dehli (; born 6 June 1983) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Deportivo de La Coruña and the Denmark national team as a central midfielder.
The Smith Museum of Stained Glass Windows was an exhibition that opened in February 2000 at Chicago’s Navy Pier entertainment complex. It permanently closed in October 2014. 
This Providence was a four-piece alternative rock band from Seattle, Washington. The band consisted of Dan Young , David Blaise , Gavin Phillips , and Andy Horst .
Zarinsk  is a town in Altai Krai, Russia, located on the Chumysh River east of Barnaul. Population: 
Pietrykaŭ , is a town in Gomel Region, Belarus. It is the administrative seat of Pietrykaŭ District. At the 2009 census, its population was 10,591.
Arsago Seprio is a town and "comune" located in the province of Varese, in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.
Vysotsk  is a coastal town and a seaport in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus, on the eastern shore of the Vyborg Bay, southwest of Vyborg and northwest of St. Petersburg. It hosts a base of the Russian Baltic Fleet and, since 2004, an oil terminal. 
Yoon Eun-hye (; born October 3, 1984) is a South Korean actress, singer, entertainer and model. She debuted as a member of girl group Baby Vox, staying with the group from 1999 to 2005. Yoon has since moved on to acting and is best known for starring in the television dramas "Princess Hours" (2006), "The Vineyard Man" (2006), "Coffee Prince" (2007), "My Fair Lady" (2009) ‘’Lie to Me’’ (2011) and "Missing You" (2012).
Arnold Jan Bruggink (; born 24 July 1977) is a retired Dutch footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Franklin is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States. It is a suburb of Milwaukee with a population of 35,451 as of the 2010 census.
KL FM is a Malay language-regional radio station operated by Radio Televisyen Malaysia. Its main radio station is in the International Broadcasting Centre, Angkasapuri.
Auletta  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Capaccio Paestum  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy. The ruins of the ancient city of Paestum lie within borders of the "comune".
Castelnuovo di Conza is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southwestern Italy. The town suffered heavy damage in the 1980 earthquake of Irpinia, but has since been rebuilt. 
Contursi Terme  is a village and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Gioi is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy. As of 2011 its population was of 1,339.
Montano Antilia is a town and "comune" of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-west Italy. 
Ogliastro Cilento is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy. As of 2011 its population was of 2,241.
Pertosa is a village and "comune" of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-west Italy. In 2010 its population was 714.
Roccadaspide  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Salvitelle  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southwestern Italy.
Santa Marina is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy. 
Sessa Cilento  is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Torraca is a town and "comune" in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-western Italy.
Johol  is a town, a mukim and a state assembly constituency in Kuala Pilah District, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. It is roughly halfway between Tampin and Kuala Pilah, along Highway .
Star Comics is an Italian comic book publisher founded in December 1985 that publishes Italian editions of manga and Italian comics in Italy. Until the establishment of Marvel Italia  in 1994, it also published Italian editions of many Marvel Comics's comic books. 
Ostermundigen is a municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Kaitlin Willow Olson (born August 18, 1975) is an American actress, producer and comedian. She began her career in the Groundlings, an improvisational group in Los Angeles, California, and had minor roles in several television series before being cast as Deandra "Sweet Dee" Reynolds on the FX comedy series "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" in 2005.
KSIS (1050 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Sedalia, Missouri, United States. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and the license is held by Townsquare Media Sedalia License, LLC.
Fabrice Lapierre (born 17 October 1983 in Réduit, Mauritius) is a Mauritian-born Australian long jumper.
The State Museum of Pennsylvania is a non-profit museum at 300 North Street in downtown Harrisburg, run by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania through the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission to preserve and interpret the region's history and culture. It is a part of the Pennsylvania State Capitol Complex. 
Douglas L. Lamborn (born May 24, 1954) is the U.S. Representative for , in office since 2007. He is a member of the Republican Party. His district is based in Colorado Springs.
Cardano al Campo is a town and "comune"  located in the province of Varese, in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.
KZSC (88.1 FM) is a college radio station broadcasting from the campus of the University of California, Santa Cruz in Santa Cruz, California. It is a non-commercial college radio station that serves as a training ground for UCSC students interested in broadcasting, media promotions, music, and journalism, as well as an outlet for many members of the Santa Cruz community.
The Kellerwald is a low mountain range reaching heights of up to 675 m in the western part of northern Hesse, Germany. Its assets include Germany's largest contiguous beech woodland and it contains Hesse's only national park, the Kellerwald-Edersee National Park. 
Antonio "Totò" Di Natale (; born 13 October 1977) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Bard  is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of northwestern Italy. It is part of the "Unité des communes valdôtaines du Mont-Rose" and has a population of 134.
Donnas  is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of northwestern Italy.
Verrayes  is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.
Quart  is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.
Arlington Baptist University is a private, four-year Bible university in Arlington, Texas. It is the official education institution of the World Baptist Fellowship which offers both undergraduate and graduate level degree programs.
KYOU-TV, virtual and UHF channel 15, is a Fox/NBC/CW+-affiliated television station licensed to Ottumwa, Iowa, United States, serving the Honey Lands area of Southeastern Iowa and Northeastern Missouri. Owned by Gray Television, KYOU-TV's studios are located on West 2nd Street in Downtown Ottumwa, and its transmitter is located east of Richland, Iowa. 
Yohana Cobo (born 12 January 1985) is a Spanish actress who began her career as a child actress. She is best known for her role in the film "Volver" (2006), which earned her a Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress.
Kim Go-eun (; born October 22, 1983), better known by the stage name Byul , is a South Korean singer. She debuted in 2002 with the album "December 32".
William Leon Goldenberg (born February 10, 1936, Brooklyn) is an American composer and songwriter, best-known for his work on television and film.
The NRC Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics  is the leading Canadian centre for astronomy and astrophysics.
Holy Moses is a German thrash metal band. They are well noted for being fronted by Sabina Classen and for being one of the first German thrash metal bands.
Gedung Island is an islet off the coast of Seberang Perai in the State of Penang, Malaysia. This islet, along with the adjacent Aman Island, falls within the jurisdiction of the South Seberang Perai District.
Tukarak Island is an uninhabited island in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. Located in Hudson Bay, it is a member of the Belcher Islands group. Along with Flaherty Island, Innetalling Island, and Kugong Island, it is one of the four large islands in the group.
The Endau River  is a river that flows through the Malaysian state of Johor and empties to the South China Sea. The river is the namesake of Endau Rompin National Park which is located to the northeast of Johor.
PAF Base Masroor is the largest airbase operated by the Pakistan Air Force. It is located in the Mauripur area of Karachi, in the Sindh province. 
KCFC (1490 AM) is a radio station licensed to Boulder, Colorado. The station is owned by Colorado Public Radio , and airs CPR's "Colorado News" network, originating from KCFR-FM in Denver, Colorado.
Patagonik Film Group is an Argentine production company, dedicated to the making of feature films and film production services. A part of the Clarín Group, Patagonik Film Group also assists in the production of international films that want to film in Argentina.
Francisco Javier Muñoz Llompart (born 5 September 1980), known as Xisco, is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a left winger, and is the assistant manager of Georgian club FC Dinamo Tbilisi.
WUNC is the flagship National Public Radio member station for the Research Triangle area of North Carolina, broadcasting on the FM band at 91.5 MHz. Based in Chapel Hill and operated by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, it airs NPR, American Public Media, Public Radio International, and BBC programming in an "all-news-and-information" format. 
The Federation of Liberals  is a minor liberal political party in Italy.
Chaponost is a commune in the Rhône department in eastern France.
The Duck River, long, is the longest river located entirely within the U.S. state of Tennessee. Free flowing for most of its length, the Duck River is home to over 50 species of freshwater mussels and 151 species of fish, making it the most biologically diverse river in North America.
The Calcasieu River  is a river on the Gulf Coast in southwestern Louisiana. Approximately long, it drains a largely rural area of forests and bayou country, meandering southward to the Gulf of Mexico. 
The Concord River is a tributary of the Merrimack River in eastern Massachusetts in the United States. The river drains a small rural and suburban region northwest of Boston. 
The Liberal Party of Macedonia  is a conservative-liberal political party in North Macedonia. The party is a member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party but is no longer a member. It is currently led by Ivon Velickovski.
The was a political party in Japan formed in 1998 by Ichirō Ozawa and Hirohisa Fujii. It is now defunct, having joined the Democratic Party of Japan in 2003.
Slave Labor Graphics  is an independent American comic book publisher, well known for publishing darkly humorous, offbeat comics. Creators associated with SLG over the years include Evan Dorkin, Sarah Dyer, Woodrow Phoenix, Jhonen Vasquez, and Andi Watson.
Yevgeny Abramovich Baratynsky (; 11 July 1844) was lauded by Alexander Pushkin as the finest Russian elegiac poet. After a long period when his reputation was on the wane, Baratynsky was rediscovered by Russian Symbolism poets as a supreme poet of thought.
Newton Cannon (May 22, 1781 – September 16, 1841) was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1835 to 1839. He also served several terms in the United States House of Representatives, from 1814 to 1817, and from 1819 to 1823. 
The Popular Alliance  was a liberal-centrist political party in San Marino. The party formed a coalition with the Union for the Republic for the Sammarinese election of 2016 and following their electoral success, the two parties created a new party, Future Republic.
Thomas Henry Kuchel ( ; August 15, 1910 – November 21, 1994) was a moderate Republican US Senator from California. From 1959 to 1969, he was the minority whip in the Senate, where he was the co-manager on the floor for the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which he supported.
Nikolai Grigoryevich Rubinstein  was a Russian pianist, conductor and composer. He was the younger brother of Anton Rubinstein and a close friend of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.
Joseph Alexander Daul (born 13 April 1947) is a French politician who has served as President of the European People's Party since November 2013. He previously served as Leader of the European People's Party in the European Parliament and Member of the European Parliament  from France from 1999 to 2014. He is a member of The Republicans, part of the European People's Party.
Caprarola is a town and "comune" in the province of Viterbo, in the Lazio region of central Italy. The village is situated in a range of volcanic hills known as the Cimini Mounts.
Karl Theodor von Piloty (1 October 1826 – 21 July 1886) was a German painter.
The Democrat Party  is a Thai political party. The oldest party in Thailand, it was founded as a conservative and royalist party, and now upholds a conservative-liberal and classically liberal pro-market position.
Stephen Pate Bray (born December 23, 1956 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American songwriter, drummer, and record producer. He is best known for his collaborations with Madonna and for winning the 2017 Grammy Award for the Best Musical Theater Album of the Tony Award-winning revival of "The Color Purple". 
Coach House Books is an independent Canadian publishing company located in Toronto, Ontario. Coach House publishes innovative and experimental poetry, fiction, drama and non-fiction. 
Laura Fraser (born 24 July 1976) is a Scottish actress. She is best known for portraying Door in the urban fantasy series "Neverwhere", Kate in the film "A Knight's Tale", Cat MacKenzie in the drama series "Lip Service" and Lydia Rodarte-Quayle in the AMC crime drama series "Breaking Bad" and its spin-off "Better Call Saul".
Yao was born in Kanazawa, Ishikawa.
Colonel Jean-Baptiste Bagaza (1946–2016) was a Burundian army officer and politician who ruled Burundi as president and "de facto" military dictator from November 1976 to September 1987.
Jaime Humberto Hermosillo Delgado (born 22 January 1942) is a Mexican film director, often compared to Spain's Pedro Almodóvar.
Delitzsch  is a town in the Free State of Saxony in Germany. With 24.850 inhabitants at the end of 2015, it is the largest town in the district of Nordsachsen.
Roderick MacKinnon (born 19 February 1956) is a professor of Molecular Neurobiology and Biophysics at Rockefeller University who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Peter Agre in 2003 for his work on the structure and operation of ion channels.
Michelozzo di Bartolomeo Michelozzi (1396–1472) was an Italian architect and sculptor. Considered one of the great pioneers of architecture during the Renaissance, Michelozzo was a favored Medici architect who was extensively employed by Cosimo de' Medici. He was a pupil of Lorenzo Ghiberti in his early years and later collaborated with Donatello.
Frits Clausen (12 November 1893 – 5 December 1947) was leader of the National Socialist Workers' Party of Denmark  prior to and during World War II.
Johann Karl Wilhelm Illiger (19 November 1775 – 10 May 1813) was a German entomologist and zoologist.
The Rainmakers are a Kansas City, Missouri-based original rock band, fronted by Bob Walkenhorst, which had a small string of hits in the late 1980s and early 1990s in the United States and Europe, especially Norway.
The Dream Academy were an English band consisting of singer/guitarist Nick Laird-Clowes, multi-instrumentalist  Kate St John, and keyboardist Gilbert Gabriel. The band is most noted for their 1985 hit single "Life in a Northern Town".
John Gately Downey (June 24, 1827 – March 1, 1894) was an Irish-American politician and the seventh governor of California from January 14, 1860 to January 10, 1862. Until the election of Arnold Schwarzenegger in 2003, Downey was the only governor of California to be born outside the United States. 
Emerson Drive is a Canadian country music band consisting of Brad Mates , Danick Dupelle , Mike Melancon , and Dale Wallace .
The University of Puerto Rico at Aguadilla  is a state university located in the city of Aguadilla, Puerto Rico.
Rudolph Cartier (born Rudolph Kacser, renamed himself in Germany to Rudolph Katscher; 17 April 1904 – 7 June 1994) was an Austrian television director, filmmaker, screenwriter and producer who worked predominantly in British television, exclusively for the BBC. He is best known for his 1950s collaborations with screenwriter Nigel Kneale, most notably the "Quatermass" serials and their 1954 adaptation of George Orwell's dystopian novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four".
Tavis Smiley (; born September 13, 1964) is an American talk show host and author. Smiley was born in Gulfport, Mississippi, and grew up in Bunker Hill, Indiana. 
Hor Namhong (; born 15 November 1935) is a Cambodian diplomat who served in the government of Cambodia as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1990 to 1993 and again from 1998 to 2016. He is a member of the Cambodian People's Party and has been a Deputy Prime Minister since 2004. 
Pilcomayo   is a river in central South America. At long, it is the longest western tributary of the Paraguay River. Its drainage basin is in area, and its mean discharge is .
Kari Samantha Wuhrer (born April 28, 1967) is an American actress and singer. Wuhrer began her career as a teenager, and is best known for her time as a cast member on MTV's "Remote Control", as well as her roles as Maggie Beckett in the television series "Sliders" and as Sheriff Samantha Parker in the horror comedy film "Eight Legged Freaks".
Zaranj or Zarang  is a city in southwestern Afghanistan, near the border with Iran, which has a population of 160,902 people as of 2015. It is the capital of Nimruz province and is linked by highways with Lashkar Gah to the east, Farah to the north and the Iranian city of Zabol to the west. 
McNeil Island is an island in the northwest United States in south Puget Sound, located southwest of Tacoma, Washington. With a land area of , it lies just north of Anderson Island; Fox Island is to the north, across Carr Inlet, and to the west, separated from Key Peninsula by Pitt Passage. The Washington mainland lies to the east, across the south basin of Puget Sound.
Dinara is a mountain located on the border of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia. It has two major peaks: Troglav ("Threehead", 1913 m) and the eponymous Dinara (1831 m). 
Debbie Ferguson-McKenzie (born 16 January 1976) is a Bahamian sprint athlete of Bahamian descent who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres.
The Shakespeare Institute is a centre for postgraduate study dedicated to the study of William Shakespeare and the literature of the English Renaissance. It is part of the University of Birmingham, and is located in Stratford-upon-Avon.
Fraserburgh Football Club are a senior football club based in Fraserburgh, Aberdeenshire. The fishing port is known locally as 'The Broch' hence the club nickname. Fraserburgh currently play in the Highland Football League in Scotland and as a senior non-league team in Scottish football, they are eligible to enter the annual Scottish Cup.
SAIC General Motors Corporation Limited  is a joint venture between General Motors Company and SAIC Motor that manufactures and sells Chevrolet, Buick, and Cadillac brand automobiles in mainland China. SAIC-GM was founded on June 12, 1997 with 50% investment each from each partner. 
Anna Judith Gertrud Helene Kerr (surname pronounced ; 14 June 1923 – 22 May 2019) was a German-born British writer and illustrator. She created both enduring picture books such as the "Mog" series and "The Tiger Who Came to Tea" and acclaimed novels for older children such as the semi-autobiographical "When Hitler Stole Pink Rabbit", which gave a child's-eye view of the Second World War. 
George Herbert Hitchings (April 18, 1905 – February 27, 1998) was an American doctor who shared the 1988 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Sir James Black and Gertrude Elion "for their discoveries of important principles for drug treatment", Hitchings specifically for his work on chemotherapy.
Gabrielle Nicole Logan (née Yorath; born 24 April 1973) is a British presenter and a former international rhythmic gymnast who is best known for her presenting roles with BBC Sport and ITV.
Andrei Sergeyevich Mikhalkov-Konchalovsky (; born August 20, 1937) is a Russian film director, film producer and screenwriter. He was a frequent collaborator of Andrei Tarkovsky earlier in his career. He is the son of Natalia Konchalovskaya and Sergey Mikhalkov and the brother of Nikita Mikhalkov, who is also a well-known Russian film director.
Allan MacLeod Cormack (February 23, 1924 – May 7, 1998) was a South African American physicist who won the 1979 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine  for his work on X-ray computed tomography .
Josia Thugwane (born 15 April 1971) is a South African athlete, best known for winning the gold medal in the marathon race at the 1996 Summer Olympics. Thugwane, who is of Ndebele heritage, is the first black athlete to earn an Olympic gold for South Africa.
The Conejo Valley is a region spanning both southeastern Ventura County and northwestern Los Angeles County in Southern California, United States. It is located in the northwestern part of the Greater Los Angeles Area.
Opotiki  is a small town in the eastern Bay of Plenty in the North Island of New Zealand. It houses the headquarters of the Opotiki District Council and comes under the Bay of Plenty Regional Council.
Johann Nikolaus von Hontheim (January 27, 1701 – September 2, 1790) was a German historian and theologian. He is remembered as Febronius, the pseudonym under which he wrote his 1763 treatise "On the State of the Church and the Legitimate Power of the Roman Pontiff".
Savusavu is a town in the Fijian Province of Cakaudrove. The town is located on the south coast of Vanua Levu Island and had a population of 3,372 in the 2007 census.
George Edward Pope (December 24, 1973) is a retired American soccer player who last played for Real Salt Lake of Major League Soccer and spent eleven years as a defender for the United States national team. He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame. Pope spent most of his career playing for D.C. United.
Samuel Sharpe, or Sharp (1804 – 22 May 1831), also known as Sam Sharpe, was an enslaved Jamaican man who was the leader of the widespread 1832 Baptist War slave rebellion  in Jamaica. 
The Twilight Singers are an American indie rock band. The group was initially formed as a side project of The Afghan Whigs leader Greg Dulli in 1997. 
Penrhyn  is an island in the northern group of the Cook Islands in the south Pacific Ocean. The northernmost island in the group, it is located at north-north-east of the capital island of Rarotonga, 9 degrees south of the equator. 
Gilbert "Gilby" J. Clarke (born August 17, 1962) is an American musician, singer, songwriter and record producer best known for a 3-year tenure as the rhythm guitarist of Guns N' Roses, replacing Izzy Stradlin in 1991 during the Use Your Illusion Tour. Following his departure from the group, Clarke went on to forge a solo career as well playing guitar with Slash's Snakepit, Kat Men, Heart, Nancy Sinatra, Kathy Valentine , MC5 and forming his own group Rock Star Supernova with members of Metallica and Mötley Crüe.
Franz Joseph II (Franz Josef Maria Aloys Alfred Karl Johannes Heinrich Michael Georg Ignaz Benediktus Gerhardus Majella; 16 August 1906 – 13 November 1989) was the reigning Prince of Liechtenstein from 1938 until his death.
Gustav Franz Wagner (18 July 1911 – 3 October 1980) was an Austrian member of the "SS" with the rank of Staff sergeant . Wagner was a starter deputy commander of the Sobibór extermination camp in German-occupied Poland, where more than 200,000 Jews were gassed during Operation Reinhard. 
Edward Nagle "Ned" Williamson (October 24, 1857 – March 3, 1894) was a professional baseball infielder in Major League Baseball. He played for three teams: the Indianapolis Blues of the National League  for one season, the Chicago White Stockings  for 11 seasons, and the Chicago Pirates of the Players' League for one season.
Manuel Pinto da Costa (born 5 August 1937) is a Santoméan economist and politician who served as the first President of São Tomé and Príncipe from 1975 to 1991. He again served as President from 2011 to 2016.
Middle East Airlines – Air Liban S.A.L. , more commonly known as Middle East Airlines  , is the national flag-carrier airline of Lebanon, with its head office in Beirut, near Beirut–Rafic Hariri International Airport. It operates scheduled international flights to Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa from its base at Rafic Hariri International Airport.
Cirrus Airlines Luftfahrtgesellschaft mbH was a German regional airline with its head office in Hallbergmoos and its maintenance facilities at Saarbrücken Airport. It operated both charter and scheduled flights, the latter on behalf of Lufthansa, Swiss International Air Lines and Air Moldova. Its main bases and hubs were Saarbrücken Airport and Mannheim City Airport.
Yevgeni Viktorovich Nabokov (; born July 25, 1975), usually transliterated as Evgeni Nabokov, is a Kazakhstani-Russian retired professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the San Jose Sharks, New York Islanders, and Tampa Bay Lightning of National Hockey League  and for Torpedo Ust-Kamenogorsk, HC Dynamo Moscow, Metallurg Magnitogorsk and SKA St. Petersburg of the Russian Super League  and Kontinental Hockey League  from 1991 to 2015. During his time with the Sharks, Nabokov who was selected 219th overall 1994 NHL Entry Draft by San Jose, was regarded as one of the top goaltenders in the NHL, winning the Calder Memorial Trophy as the best first-year player in 2001 and was voted a finalist for the Vezina Trophy as best goaltender in 2008. He departed the NHL for the first time in 2010 to play in Russia for SKA St. Petersburg, but returned soon after, and concluded his career in the NHL.
Ko Pha-ngan  is an island in the Gulf of Thailand in southeast Thailand in Surat Thani Province. Ko Pha-ngan is best known for its Full Moon Party at Haad Rin Beach. 
The Centre Democrats  was a Danish political party.
The Arcade & Attica Railroad is a shortline railroad that hauls freight between Arcade, New York and North Java, New York. The railroad originally connected Arcade with Attica, New York, however the right of way from North Java north to Attica was abandoned in 1947 due to flooding on the Tonawanda Creek.
Kasey C. Keller (born November 29, 1969) is an American former soccer player who played professionally in Europe and the United States, as well as being the starting goalkeeper for the U.S. national team. He is a four-time FIFA World Cup participant and was the first American goalkeeper to become a regular in the German Bundesliga, the English Premier League, and the Spanish La Liga.
Zerbst is a town in the district of Anhalt-Bitterfeld, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Until an administrative reform in 2007, Zerbst was the capital of the former Anhalt-Zerbst district.
Douglas N. Davis (born September 21, 1975) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball  for the Texas Rangers, Toronto Blue Jays, Milwaukee Brewers, Arizona Diamondbacks, and Chicago Cubs.
Todd Solondz (born October 15, 1959) is an American filmmaker and playwright known for his style of dark, socially conscious satire. Solondz's work has received critical acclaim for its commentary on "dark underbelly of middle class American suburbia," a reflection of his own background in New Jersey. His work includes "Welcome to the Dollhouse" (1995), "Happiness" (1998), "Storytelling" (2001), "Palindromes" (2004), "Life During Wartime" (2009), "Dark Horse" (2011), and "Wiener-Dog" (2016).
Baffie is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Pavel Mikhaylovich Tretyakov (; December 27, 1832 – December 16, 1898) was a Russian businessman, patron of art, collector, and philanthropist who gave his name to the Tretyakov Gallery and Tretyakov Drive in Moscow. His brother Sergei Tretyakov was also a famous patron of art and a philanthropist.
Roger Fenton (28 March 1819 – 8 August 1869) was a British photographer, noted as one of the first war photographers.
Namhae of Silla (?–24, r. 4–24 CE) was the second King of Silla, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. 
Rizokarpaso  is a town on the Karpas Peninsula in the northeastern part of Cyprus. While nominally part of the Famagusta District of the Republic of Cyprus, it has been under the "de facto" control of Northern Cyprus since the partition of the island in 1974. 
James Ager Worthy (born February 27, 1961) is an American former professional basketball player who is currently a commentator, television host, and analyst. Named one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History, "Big Game James" was a seven-time NBA All-Star, three-time NBA champion, and the 1988 NBA Finals MVP with the Los Angeles Lakers in the National Basketball Association .
Charles William Ferdinand, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel (; 9 October 1735 – 10 November 1806) was the Prince of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel and a military leader. His titles are usually shortened to Duke of Brunswick in English-language sources.
Cromarty  is a town, civil parish and former royal burgh in Ross and Cromarty, in the Highland area of Scotland. In the 2001 census, it had a population of 719.
The Hawaiian Islands  are an archipelago of eight major islands, several atolls, numerous smaller islets, and seamounts in the North Pacific Ocean, extending some from the island of Hawaii in the south to northernmost Kure Atoll. Formerly the group was known to Europeans and Americans as the Sandwich Islands, a name chosen by James Cook in honor of the then First Lord of the Admiralty John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich. 
Ferdinand II (; ; 12 January 1810 – 22 May 1859) was King of the Two Sicilies from 1830 until his early death in 1859.
Mathilde Laetitia Wilhelmine Bonaparte, Princesse Française, Princess of San Donato (27 May 1820 – 2 January 1904), was a French princess and salonnière. She was a daughter of Napoleon's brother Jérôme Bonaparte and his second wife, Catharina of Württemberg, daughter of King Frederick I of Württemberg.
Charisma Carpenter (born July 23, 1970) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Cordelia Chase in the popular TV series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (1997–1999) and its spin-off series "Angel" (1999–2004). 
Danzig is an American heavy metal band, formed in 1987 in Lodi, New Jersey. The band is the musical outlet for singer-songwriter Glenn Danzig, preceded by the horror punk bands the Misfits and Samhain. 
Sir Derek Jules Gaspard Ulric Niven van den Bogaerde (28 March 1921 – 8 May 1999), known professionally as Dirk Bogarde, was an English actor and writer. Initially a matinée idol in films such as "Doctor in the House" (1954) for the Rank Organisation, he later acted in art-house films. 
Clarence Seward Darrow (; April 18, 1857 – March 13, 1938) was an American lawyer who became famous in the early 20th century for his involvement in the Leopold and Loeb murder trial and the Scopes "Monkey" Trial. He was a leading member of the American Civil Liberties Union, and a prominent advocate for Georgist economic reform. 
Mississauga is a city in the Canadian province of Ontario and a suburb of Toronto. It is situated on the shores of Lake Ontario in the Regional Municipality of Peel, bordering Toronto. With a population of 721,599 as of the 2016 census, Mississauga is the sixth-most populous municipality in Canada, third-most in Ontario, and second-most in the Greater Toronto Area.
Constantine I (, "Konstantínos I"; – 11 January 1923) was King of Greece from 1913 to 1917 and from 1920 to 1922. He was commander-in-chief of the Hellenic Army during the unsuccessful Greco-Turkish War of 1897 and led the Greek forces during the successful Balkan Wars of 1912–1913, in which Greece expanded to include Thessaloniki, doubling in area and population. 
Caecilius , of Calacte in Sicily, Greek rhetorician, flourished at Rome during the reign of Augustus.
Argonne National Laboratory is a science and engineering research national laboratory operated by the University of Chicago Argonne LLC for the United States Department of Energy located in Lemont, Illinois, outside Chicago. It is the largest national laboratory by size and scope in the Midwest.
Jean Bart (21 October 1650 – 27 April 1702) was a French naval commander and privateer.
Hirta  is the largest island in the St Kilda archipelago, on the western edge of Scotland. The names  and "Hirta"  have also been applied to the entire archipelago.
Trevor Wallace Howard-Smith (29 September 1913 – 7 January 1988), known as Trevor Howard, was an English actor. After varied stage work, he achieved star status with his role in the film "Brief Encounter" (1945), followed by "The Third Man" (1949). 
Western Michigan University  is a public research university in Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States. The university was established in 1903 by Dwight B. Waldo. Its enrollment, as of the Fall 2016 semester, was 23,252.
Edge of Sanity was a Swedish death metal band that, alongside Opeth, is commonly regarded as being the first to fuse extreme metal styles like death and black metal with progressive rock. The group was founded by Dan Swanö in 1989 and ended in 2003.
George Roy Hill (December 20, 1921 – December 27, 2002) was an American film director. He is most noted for directing such films as "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" (1969) and "The Sting" (1973), both starring the acting duo Paul Newman and Robert Redford.
August Immanuel Bekker (21 May 17857 June 1871) was a German philologist and critic.
Heinrich Bullinger (18 July 1504 – 17 September 1575) was a Swiss reformer, the successor of Huldrych Zwingli as head of the Zürich church and pastor at Grossmünster. A much less controversial figure than John Calvin or Martin Luther, his importance has long been underestimated; recent research shows that he was one of the most influential theologians of the Protestant Reformation in the 16th century.
Thomas Moore (28 May 1779 – 25 February 1852) was an Irish poet, singer, songwriter, and entertainer, now best remembered for the lyrics of "The Minstrel Boy" and "The Last Rose of Summer". As Lord Byron's named literary executor, along with John Murray, Moore was responsible for burning Lord Byron's memoirs after his death. 
Swissair AG/S.A.  was the national airline of Switzerland between its founding in 1931 and bankruptcy in 2002.
Barbara Bush ("née" Pierce; June 8, 1925 – April 17, 2018) was the First Lady of the United States from 1989 to 1993 as the wife of George H. W. Bush, who served as the 41st President of the United States, and founder of the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy. She previously was Second Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989. 
Tobias Vincent Maguire (born June 27, 1975) is an American actor and film producer. He gained recognition for his role as Peter Parker / Spider-Man in Sam Raimi's "Spider-Man" trilogy (20022007). His other major films include "Pleasantville" (1998), "The Cider House Rules" (1999), "Wonder Boys" (2000), "Seabiscuit" (2003), "The Good German" (2006), "Brothers" (2009), and "The Great Gatsby" (2013).
John Le Mesurier (, born John Elton Le Mesurier Halliley; 5 April 191215 November 1983) was an English actor. He is perhaps best remembered for his comedic role as Sergeant Arthur Wilson in the BBC television situation comedy "Dad's Army" (1968–77). 
Kerri Allyson Strug Fischer (born November 19, 1977) is a retired American gymnast from Tucson, Arizona. She was a member of the Magnificent Seven, the victorious all-around women's gymnastics team that represented the United States at the Atlanta Olympics in 1996, and is best remembered for performing the vault despite having injured her ankle and for subsequently being carried to the podium by her coach, Béla Károlyi.
Sir Richard Steele (bap. 12 March 1672 – 1 September 1729) was an Irish writer, playwright, and politician, remembered as co-founder, with his friend Joseph Addison, of the magazine "The Tatler".
The Coasters are an American rhythm and blues/rock and roll vocal group who had a string of hits in the late 1950s. Beginning with "Searchin'" and "Young Blood", their most memorable songs were written by the songwriting and producing team of Leiber and Stoller. 
Oranienburg is a town in Brandenburg, Germany. It is the capital of the district of Oberhavel.
Philip III Arrhidaeus (; c. 359 BC – 25 December, 317 BC) reigned as king of Macedonia from after 11 June 323 BC until his death. He was a son of King Philip II of Macedon by Philinna of Larissa, and thus an elder half-brother of Alexander the Great. 
Rudolf Erich Raspe (March 1736 – 16 November 1794) was a German librarian, writer, and scientist, called by his biographer John Patrick Carswell a "rogue". He is best known for his collection of tall tales, "" also known as "Baron Munchausen's Narrative of his Marvellous Travels and Campaigns in Russia", originally a satirical work with political aims.
Dominique Marie François René Galouzeau de Villepin (; born 14 November 1953) is a French politician who served as Prime Minister of France from 31 May 2005 to 17 May 2007 under President Jacques Chirac.
Roy Edward Disney, KCSG (January 10, 1930 – December 16, 2009) was a longtime senior executive for The Walt Disney Company, which was founded by his father, Roy Oliver Disney, and his uncle, Walt Disney. At the time of his death he held more than 16 million shares (about 1% of the company), and served as a consultant for the company, as Director Emeritus for the Board of Directors. 
Wolfram von Eschenbach  was a German knight and poet, regarded as one of the greatest epic poets of medieval German literature. As a Minnesinger, he also wrote lyric poetry.
Jean Desmarets, Sieur de Saint-Sorlin (1595 – 28 October 1676) was a French writer and dramatist. He was a founding member, and the first to occupy seat 4 of the Académie française in 1634.
Sierra Nevada  is a mountain range in the region of Andalucia, in the province of Granada and, a little further, Málaga and Almería in Spain. It contains the highest point of continental Spain and the third highest in Europe : Mulhacén, at above sea level.
The Ink Spots were an American pop vocal group who gained international fame in the 1930s and 1940s. Their unique musical style presaged the rhythm and blues and rock and roll musical genres, and the subgenre doo-wop. 
Dinah Washington (born Ruth Lee Jones; August 29, 1924 – December 14, 1963) was an American singer and pianist, who has been cited as "the most popular black female recording artist of the '50s". Primarily a jazz vocalist, she performed and recorded in a wide variety of styles including blues, R&B, and traditional pop music, and gave herself the title of "Queen of the Blues". She was a 1986 inductee of the Alabama Jazz Hall of Fame, and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.
Wadhurst is a market town in East Sussex, England. It is the centre of the civil parish of Wadhurst, which also includes the hamlets of Cousley Wood and Tidebrook. 
Patria Plc  is a Finnish provider of defence, security and aviation life-cycle support services and technology solutions. Patria is owned 50.1% by the Finnish government and 49.9% by Kongsberg Defense & Aerospace following a deal in 2016. 
Ferney-Voltaire is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Jean Genet  was a French novelist, playwright, poet, essayist, and political activist. Early in his life he was a vagabond and petty criminal, but he later took to writing. His major works include the novels "The Thief's Journal" and "Our Lady of the Flowers", and the plays "The Balcony", "The Maids" and "The Screens".
John James Osborne (Fulham, London, 12 December 1929 – 24 December 1994) was an English playwright, screenwriter and actor, known for his excoriating prose and intense critical stance towards established social and political norms. The success of his 1956 play "Look Back in Anger" transformed English theatre.
No Doubt is an American rock band from Anaheim, California, formed in 1986. Since 1989, the band has consisted of lead vocalist, Gwen Stefani; bassist, saxophonist, and keyboardist, Tony Kanal; guitarist and keyboardist, Tom Dumont; and drummer, Adrian Young. 
Philip I Epiphanes Philadelphus (; between 124 and 109 BC – 83 or 75 BC) was a Hellenistic Seleucid monarch who reigned as the King of Syria from 94 to either 83 or 75 BC. The son of Antiochus VIII and his wife Tryphaena, he spent his early life in a period of civil war between his father and his uncle Antiochus IX. The conflict ended with the assassination of Antiochus VIII and a quick succession in the Syrian capital Antioch of Antiochus IX then Antiochus VIII's eldest son Seleucus VI.
Steppenwolf is a Canadian-American rock band, prominent from 1968 to 1972. The group was formed in late 1967 in Los Angeles by lead singer John Kay, keyboardist Goldy McJohn, and drummer Jerry Edmonton . 
John Herndon Mercer (November 18, 1909 – June 25, 1976) was an American lyricist, songwriter, and singer. He was also a record label executive who co-founded Capitol Records with music industry businessman Buddy DeSylva and Glenn E. Wallichs.
Itzhak Perlman (; born 31 August 1945) is an Israeli-American violinist, conductor, and music teacher. Over the course of his career, Perlman has performed worldwide, and throughout the United States, in venues that have included a State Dinner at the White House honoring Queen Elizabeth II, and at the Presidential Inauguration of President Obama, and he has conducted the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, and the Westchester Philharmonic. In 2015, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Throbbing Gristle were an English music and visual arts group, officially formed in September 1975 in Kingston upon Hull by members Genesis P-Orridge , Cosey Fanni Tutti , Peter "Sleazy" Christopherson and Chris Carter. They are widely regarded as pioneers of industrial music. 
Macy Gray (born Natalie Renée McIntyre on September 6, 1967) is an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter, musician, record producer and actress. She is known for her distinctive raspy voice and a singing style heavily influenced by Billie Holiday.
Gloria Estefan (; born Gloria María Milagrosa Fajardo on September 1, 1957) is a Cuban-American singer, songwriter, actress, and businesswoman. A contralto, she started her career as the lead singer in the group "Miami Latin Boys", which later became known as Miami Sound Machine.
Amsterdam is the capital of the Netherlands according to the Constitution of the Netherlands, although the States General and the Executive Branch have been situated in The Hague since 1588, along with the Supreme Court and the Council of State. Since the 1983 revision of the Constitution of the Netherlands, Article 32 mentions that "the King shall be sworn in and inaugurated as soon as possible in the capital city, Amsterdam". 
Randy Bruce Traywick (born May 4, 1959), known professionally as Randy Travis, is an American country music and Christian country music singer, songwriter, guitarist, and actor.
Colin Andrew Firth (born 10 September 1960) is an English actor who has received an Academy Award, a Golden Globe Award, two BAFTA Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards, as well as the Volpi Cup for Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival. In 2010, Firth's portrayal of King George VI in Tom Hooper's "The King's Speech" won him the Academy Award for Best Actor.
Sarah Miles (born 31 December 1941) is an English theatre and film actress. Her best-known films include "The Servant" (1963), "Blowup" (1966), "Ryan's Daughter" (1970) and "Hope and Glory" (1987).
Hugo Wallace Weaving (born 4 April 1960) is an English-Australian film and stage actor. He is best known for playing Agent Smith in "The Matrix" trilogy (1999–2003), Elrond in "The Lord of the Rings" (2001–2003) and "The Hobbit" (2012–2014) film trilogies, V in "V for Vendetta" (2006), Red Skull in "" and Tom Doss in "Hacksaw Ridge".
Jomo Kenyatta ( – 22 August 1978) was a Kenyan anti-colonial activist and politician who governed Kenya as its Prime Minister from 1963 to 1964 and then as its first President from 1964 to his death in 1978. He was the country's first indigenous head of government and played a significant role in the transformation of Kenya from a colony of the British Empire into an independent republic. Ideologically an African nationalist and conservative, he led the Kenya African National Union  party from 1961 until his death.
Hellhammer was a Swiss extreme metal band from Nurensdorf, active during 1981–1984. They are regarded as a key influence on black metal, In June 1984, Hellhammer disbanded and founded another highly influential band, Celtic Frost.
Maria Christina Henriette Desideria Felicitas Raineria of Austria, also known as Maria Christina Henrietta Désirée Félicité Rénière (21 July 1858 – 6 February 1929) was Queen of Spain as the second wife of King Alfonso XII. She was regent during the vacancy of the throne between her husband's death and her son's birth, and during the minority of their son, Alfonso XIII, between 1885 and 1902.
Stratford  is the only town in Stratford District, and the seat of the Taranaki Region, in New Zealand's North Island. It lies beneath the eastern slopes of Mount Taranaki/Egmont, approximately halfway between New Plymouth and Hawera, near the geographic centre of the Taranaki Region. 
Podgorica  is the capital and largest city of Montenegro.
Nehemiah Curtis "Skip" James (June 9, 1902October 3, 1969) was an American Delta blues singer, guitarist, pianist and songwriter.
Elias James "E.J." Corey (born July 12, 1928) is an American organic chemist. In 1990, he won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry "for his development of the theory and methodology of organic synthesis", specifically retrosynthetic analysis. 
Bidor  is a mukim in Batang Padang District, Perak, Malaysia.
Ernest Willimowski  (23 June 1916 – 30 August 1997) was a German–Polish football player, who played as a forward. He ranks among the best goalscorers in the history of both the Poland national team and Polish club football. After re-taking German citizenship, he also played for the Germany national team.
The River Tolka , also once spelled "Tolga", is one of Dublin's three main rivers, flowing from County Meath to Fingal within the old County Dublin, and through the north of Dublin city, Ireland . By flow of water, the Tolka is the second largest river in Dublin, following the Liffey, but runs more slowly than the Dodder.
KXXY-FM (96.1 FM, "96.1 KXY") is a country music formatted radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.. KXY was the flagship station of the Oklahoma City Barons hockey team before they left Oklahoma City. Its transmitter is located in Northeast Oklahoma City, and studios are located at the 50 Penn Place building on the Northwest side.
Ponderano is a municipality in the province of Biella, Piedmont, northwestern Italy. Neighbouring comuni include Borriana, Gaglianico, Mongrando, Occhieppo Inferiore and Sandigliano. 
The University of Eswatini  is the national university of Eswatini. 
Roslavl  is a town and the administrative center of Roslavlsky District in Smolensk Oblast, Russia. It is a road and rail junction and a market town. Population: 
Gniew  is a town situated on the left bank of the Vistula River, in the Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 6,870 inhabitants (2016).
Nevelsk  is a port town and the administrative center of Nevelsky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia, located on the southwest coast of the Sakhalin Island, from Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
George Walter Mason (March 12, 1891 – October 8, 1954) was an American industrialist. During his career Mason served as the Chairman and CEO of the Kelvinator Corporation (1928-1937), Chairman and CEO of the Nash-Kelvinator Corporation (1937-1954), and Chairman and CEO of American Motors Corporation (1954).
Gil Island is an island on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located on the west side of Whale Channel in the entrance to Douglas Channel, one of the main coastal inlets, on the route of the Inside Passage between Pitt Island and Princess Royal Island. It is 26 km (16 mi) long, with a width ranging from 6 to 13 km (4 to 8 mi), and an area of 231 km² (89 sq mi). 
WEOK is a radio station licensed to Poughkeepsie, New York and serving the Mid-Hudson Valley. The station is owned by Townsquare Media. 
Baron Bo Gustaf Bertelsson Carpelan (25 October 1926 – 11 February 2011) was a Finnish poet and author. He published his first book of poems in 1946, and received his Ph.D. in 1960. 
Freren is a municipality in the Emsland district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 15 km east of Lingen.
Sealy  is a brand of mattresses marketed and sold by Tempur Sealy International. It draws its name from the city where the Sealy Corporation originally started, Sealy, Texas, United States.
Michael Pettaway Tomlin (born March 15, 1972) is an American football coach who is the 16th head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League , having led the team since 2007. With the victory in Super Bowl XLIII on February 1, 2009 against the Arizona Cardinals, Tomlin became the youngest head coach in NFL history to lead his team to a Super Bowl championship.
The National Assembly  is one of the two houses  of the Parliament of Cambodia. It is referred to as the lower house, with the Senate being referred to as the upper house.
Bonriki International Airport is an international airport in Kiribati, serving as the main gateway to the country. It is located in its capital, South Tarawa, which is a group of islets in the atoll of Tarawa in the Gilbert Islands.
Catherine Clive (née Raftor; 5 November 1711 – 6 December 1785) was a well-known English actress and occasional singer on the stages of London. She created the role of Dalila in Handel's 1743 oratorio "Samson". She also did some writing.
Kristiansand stadion is a multi-use stadium in Kristiansand, Norway. The stadium holds 16,600 people.
Nicolae Dobrin Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Piteşti, Romania, named after football player Nicolae Dobrin. It is mostly used for football matches and is the home ground of FC Argeş Piteşti.
Menaggio  is a town and "comune" in the province of Como, Lombardy, northern Italy, located on the western shore of Lake Como at the mouth of the river Senagra. 
Banja Luka City Stadium  is a multi-purpose stadium in Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FK Borac Banja Luka. The stadium has a capacity to hold 10,030 seated spectators.
Franzensfeste  is a "comune" in South Tyrol in northern Italy. It is named after the large Franzensfeste Fortress erected from 1833 to 1838 and is also known as an important railway hub.
Airspeed Aviation was a small regional airline based in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada. The airline was in operation since 1986 and was sold to Orca Airways at Vancouver International Airport on February 27, 2009. 
Chivilcoy is a city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, the head town of the Chivilcoy Partido. It has 64,185 inhabitants according to the .
Shaike Ophir (; November 4, 1928 – August 17, 1987) was an Israeli film and theater actor, comedian, playwright, screen writer, director, and the country's first mime.
Marcia Lou Lucas (née Griffin; born October 4, 1945) is an Oscar-winning American film editor who was most well known for her work on the early 1970s films of Martin Scorsese. Lucas won the Academy Award for Best Film Editing in 1977 for "Star Wars" (1977) which was written and directed by her first husband, George Lucas. 
European Democracy  was a minor Christian-democratic, centrist political party in Italy.
WDCD was a news/talk radio station licensed to Albany, New York, United States and served New York's Capital District, Adirondacks, and much of western New England. The station was owned by DJRA Broadcasting, and broadcast on 1540 kHz at 50 kilowatts from a three-tower directional antenna array adjacent to the station's studios in Colonie, New York.
Toa Payoh Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Toa Payoh, Singapore. 
Xangongo is a town and commune in the municipality of Ombadja, province of Cunene, Angola.
Bluewater is a municipality located in Huron County, Ontario, which is part of Southwestern Ontario, Ontario, Canada.
The Our Ukraine  (prior to mid-July 2009 known as People's Union "Our Ukraine" ) is a centre-right political party of Ukraine formed in 2005. The party supported former president Viktor Yushchenko. 
Lexington College was a women's college with a Catholic inspiration located in Chicago, Illinois. The curriculum was focused entirely on hospitality management studies.
Luri is a commune of the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
The Chilean Air Force  is the air force of Chile, a branch of the Chilean military.
Giovanni Arrighi (7 July 1937 – 18 June 2009) was an Italian economist, sociologist and world-systems analyst, from 1998 a Professor of Sociology at Johns Hopkins University. His work has been translated into over fifteen languages.
The Australian Synchrotron is a 3 GeV national synchrotron radiation facility located in Clayton, in the south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, which opened in 2007.
Sergei Vladimirovich Tchepikov (; born 30 January 1967) is a Russian politician and a former Soviet-Russian biathlete and cross country skier who competed at six Winter Olympics, five in biathlon (1988, 1992, 1994, 2002 and 2006) and one in cross country skiing (1998). His last Olympic performance was a silver medal in the 4 × 7.5 km relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin.
Locorotondo  is a town and "comune" of the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy, with a population of about 14,000. The city is known for its wines and for its circular structure which is now a historical center, from which derives its name, which means "Round place". 
The Answer are a Northern Irish hard rock band from Newcastle and Downpatrick, County Down, Northern Ireland, UK. They have achieved success with their debut album "Rise" selling in excess of 30,000 copies in the UK & Europe, 10,000 on day one in Japan and 100,000 worldwide.
George Howard Williams (December 1, 1871November 25, 1963) was an American politician and attorney from the state of Missouri. A Republican, he served as U.S. Senator from Missouri from 1925 to 1926, completing the term of Selden P. Spencer following the latter's death.
Brake  is the district seat of Wesermarsch district in northern Germany.
The Catholic University of the West , known colloquially to its students as «"la Catho"», is a private and prestigious university located in Angers, France.
Geoffrey 'Geoff' Stephens (born 1 October 1934) is an English songwriter and record producer, most prolific in the United Kingdom in the 1960s and 1970s. He wrote a long series of hit records, often in conjunction with other British songwriters including Tony Macaulay, John Carter, Roger Greenaway, Peter Callander, Barry Mason, Ken Howard, Alan Blaikley, Don Black, Mitch Murray, and Les Reed.
Bad Grund  is a town in the district of Göttingen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated in the western Harz, approx. 7 km west of Clausthal-Zellerfeld, and 10 km north of Osterode am Harz.
Joan Crawford (born August 22, 1937 in Fort Smith, Arkansas, United States) is a former basketball player and member of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame (enshrined in 1997), Women's Basketball Hall of Fame (enshrined in 1999), and Amateur Athletic Union Hall of Fame.
Excel is a crossover thrash band from Venice, California, founded in 1983 by singer Dan Clements and guitarist Adam Siegel. They were influenced by famous 1970s punk rock musicians like the Germs and Black Flag, and heavy metal bands like Black Sabbath, Trouble, Slayer, Corrosion of Conformity and Cryptic Slaughter. 
Abraham Cresques (, 1325–1387), whose real name was Cresques  Abraham, was a 14th-century Jewish cartographer from Palma, Majorca . In collaboration with his son, Jehuda Cresques, Cresques is credited with the authorship of the celebrated Catalan Atlas of 1375.
Tilh is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Ana Botella Serrano (born in 1953) is a Spanish politician belonging to the People's Party and the first female Mayor of Madrid, from December 2011 to June 2015.
The Superstition Mountains , popularly called "The Superstitions," is a range of mountains in Arizona located to the east of the Phoenix metropolitan area. They are anchored by Superstition Mountain, a large mountain that is a popular recreation destination for residents of the Phoenix, Arizona area.
Plato is an incorporated village in northwestern Texas County, Missouri, United States. It is located approximately 20 miles northwest of Houston and 10 miles south of Fort Leonard Wood on Route 32. The population was 109 at the 2010 census.
The Middle Fork of the Vermilion River is a tributary of the Vermilion River  in Illinois. The Middle Fork rises in Ford County and flows southeast to join the Vermilion near Danville.
The Gulf of Gaeta is a body of water on the west coast of Italy and part of the Tyrrhenian Sea. It is bounded by Cape Circeo in the north, Ischia and the Gulf of Naples in the south, and the Pontine Islands in the west.
Teykovo  is a town in Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, located on the Vyazma River southwest of Ivanovo. Population: 42,800 (1975).
Heurelho da Silva Gomes (born 15 February 1981), better known as Heurelho Gomes, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Watford. He previously made a name for himself at Dutch club PSV, and also spent six years at Tottenham Hotspur.
Freetown International Airport , locally known as Lungi International Airport, is an international airport located in the coastal town of Lungi, Sierra Leone. It is the only international airport in Sierra Leone. The Sierra Leone River separates Lungi International Airport from Freetown, the nation's capital city.
The River Stiffkey is a chalk stream running through an area of north Norfolk, England from its source near Swanton Novers to flow out into the North Sea on the north Norfolk coast near the village of Stiffkey. The river has been dredged historically, presumably for agricultural purposes, and has a self-sustaining population of brown trout.
Kamina is the capital city of Haut-Lomami Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
Eduardo Santos Montejo (Bogotá, August 28, 1888 – Bogotá, March 27, 1974) was a leading Colombian publisher and politician, active in the Colombian Liberal Party. He owned the prominent Bogotá newspaper El Tiempo, and served as the President of Colombia from August 1938 to August 1942, having been elected without opposition. 
Martina Gedeck (; born 14 September 1961) is a German actress. She came to broader, international attention due to her roles in films such as "Mostly Martha" (2001), "The Lives of Others" (2006), and "The Baader Meinhof Complex" (2008). She has won numerous awards, including the Deutscher Filmpreis in 1997 for Supporting Actress in "Life is All You Get", and in 2002 for Actress in "Mostly Martha".
The Upper Guinean forests is a tropical seasonal forest region of West Africa. The Upper Guinean forests extend from Guinea and Sierra Leone in the west through Liberia, Côte d'Ivoire and Ghana to Togo in the east, and a few hundred kilometers inland from the Atlantic coast. 
The Avonside Engine Company was a locomotive manufacturer in Avon Street, St. Philip's, Bristol, England between 1864 and 1934. However the business originated with an earlier enterprise Henry Stothert and Company.
Club Athlétique Bizertin  or CAB is a football club from Bizerte in Tunisia. It was founded on June 20, 1928.
Vyacheslav Nikolayevich Ivanov (; born 30 July 1938) is a former rower, and one of the most accomplished rowers of his generation. He rowed for the Soviet Union, and he won the Olympic gold medals in the single sculls class at the 1956 Melbourne Games, the 1960 Rome Games and the 1964 Tokyo Games.
WHBT-FM is a Classic Hip Hop formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Moyock, North Carolina, serving Hampton Roads and Northeastern North Carolina. WHBT-FM is owned and operated by iHeartMedia.
Ashland Community and Technical College , located in Ashland, Kentucky, United States, is one of 16 two-year, open-admissions colleges of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System . It was founded in 1938 to allow students the opportunity to obtain associate degrees, certificates and diplomas as well as provide vocational and technical training. 
Esperance Sportive de Zarzis  is a football club from Zarzis in Tunisia and founded in 1934 by Haj Ali Bouchhioua .
Peckett and Sons was a locomotive manufacturer at the Atlas Locomotive Works on Deep Pit Road between Fishponds and St. George, Bristol, England.
Angela Alupei ( Tamaş, born 1 May 1972) is a Romanian Olympic rower, born in Bacău, Romania. She has been rowing since she was 17 years of age. 
Titisee-Neustadt is a municipality in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is made up of the six communities of Neustadt, Langenordnach, Rudenberg, Titisee, Schwärzenbach and Waldau.
Qilakitsoq is an archaeological site on Nuussuaq Peninsula, on the shore of Uummannaq Fjord in northwestern Greenland. Formally a settlement, it is famous for the discovery of eight mummified bodies in 1972. Four of the mummies are currently on display in the Greenland National Museum.
Yuriy Bilonoh (, also romanized as Yuriy Bilonog; born March 9, 1974) is a Ukrainian shot putter.
Respect   is a political party in Haiti.
The Progressive, Civic and Social Front  is a regional electoral alliance in Argentina.
First Greater Manchester is a bus operator in Greater Manchester. It is a subsidiary of FirstGroup.
Grey Group is a global advertising and marketing agency with headquarters in New York City, and 432 offices in 96 countries, operating in 154 cities. It is organized into four geographical units: North America; Europe, Middle East & Africa, Asia-Pacific and Latin America.
Usedom  is a town on Usedom Island, in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is the seat of the "Amt" Usedom-Süd, to which 14 other communities also belong.
The Kuwait Air Force  is the air arm of the Armed Forces of Kuwait. The Air Force headquarters is located at Abdullah Al-Mubarak Air Base, with the remaining forces stationed at Air Defense Brigades, Ali Al Salem Air Base and Ahmad al-Jaber Air Base. 
Teenage Bottlerocket is an American punk rock band formed in Laramie, Wyoming, United States in 2000.
Yang Tae-Young (, born July 8, 1980, Seoul) is a South Korean 2004 Olympic medalist in artistic gymnastics.
Cavalese  is a "comune" of 4,004 inhabitants in Trentino, northern Italy, a ski resort and the main center in the Fiemme Valley. It is part of the Magnifica Comunità di Fiemme  and, together with Predazzo, is the administrative, cultural and historical center of the valley.
Tanna is a city in Thuringia, in the district of Saale-Orla-Kreis. It is located about 10 km south of Schleiz. 
The Pyramid Companies  were formed in 1970 in Syracuse, New York, by Robert J. Congel. 
Thierry Lhermitte (; born 24 November 1952) is a French actor, director, writer and producer, best known for his comedic roles. He was a founder of the comedy troupe "Le Splendid" in the 1970s, along with, among others, Christian Clavier, Gérard Jugnot, and Michel Blanc. 
Malone University is a private liberal arts college in Canton, Ohio. It was founded in 1892 by Walter and Emma Malone as a small, co-educational Bible institute called Cleveland Bible College. The institution has always maintained a close relationship with the Religious Society of Friends .
Motu One, also known as Bellinghausen, is an atoll in the Leeward group of the Society Islands. Motu One is located 550 km northwest from Tahiti and 72 km northeast of Manuae, its closest neighbor.
Emilia Rydberg, also known as Emilia Mitiku or more simply Emilia (born 5 January 1978, in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish pop music and soul singer. Her 1998 hit single "Big Big World" reached number one in the music charts in several countries.
Mega City Four were an English indie rock band formed in Farnborough, Hampshire, who obtained popularity throughout the late 1980s and 1990s.
KBSL-DT, virtual and VHF digital channel 10, is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Goodland, Kansas, United States. The station is owned by Gray Television. 
Lady Zhen (26 January 183 – 4 August 221), personal name unknown, was the first wife of Cao Pi, the first ruler of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period. In 226, she was posthumously honoured as Empress Wenzhao when her son, Cao Rui, succeeded Cao Pi as the emperor of Wei.
CKBE-FM (92.5 MHz, "The Beat 92.5") is an English language Canadian radio station located in Montreal, Quebec. It is owned and operated by Cogeco, and airs a Rhythmic Adult Contemporary format.
Frank-Martin Strauß, better known as F.M. Einheit and also known as Mufti, (born 18 December 1958, in Dortmund) is an industrial and electronic musician and actor from Germany.
U.S. Maple was an American noise rock band. The group formed in Chicago in 1995. 
Francisco Rabaneda Cuervo (born 18 February 1934), more commonly known under the pseudonym of Paco Rabanne , is a Spanish fashion designer of Basque origin who became known as an "enfant terrible" of the 1960s French fashion world.
Tipton Town Football Club is a football club based in Tipton, West Midlands, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Tipton Sports Academy.
Cradock is a town in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa, in the upper valley of the Great Fish River, by road northeast of Port Elizabeth. The town is the administrative seat of the Inxuba Yethemba Local Municipality in the Chris Hani District of the Eastern Cape. The estimated population in 2015 was 35,000.
WZCY-FM (93.5 FM, "Nash 93.5 FM") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Cumulus Media and broadcasts a gold-based country music format, utilizing Cumulus' Nash FM branding. 
Samuel Sprigg (ca. 1783April 21, 1855) served as the 17th Governor of the state of Maryland in the United States from 1819 to 1822.
The Kelantan River  is the major river in Kelantan, Malaysia. It drains a catchment area of about 11900 km²
Wilson da Silva Piazza (; born 25 February 1943 in Ribeirão das Neves), is a former Brazilian footballer. He played as defensive midfielder and centre-back, in particular with Cruzeiro E.C. and the Brazilian national team.
The Democratic Party of Iranian Kurdistan , also known as the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran , is an armed leftist ethnic party of Kurds in Iran, exiled in northern Iraq. It is banned in Iran and thus not able to operate openly.
Stockach is a town in the district of Konstanz, in southern Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Balfour Beatty plc is a multinational infrastructure group based in the United Kingdom with capabilities in construction services, support services and infrastructure investments. A constituent of the FTSE 250 Index, Balfour Beatty works across the United Kingdom, Ireland, the United States, Canada and South East Asia.
Arnfinn Bergmann (14 October 1928 – 13 February 2011) was a ski jumper from Norway. He won the individual large hill event at the 1952 Olympics and 1952 Holmenkollen ski festival and placed third at the 1950 World Championships. 
Abijah Gilbert (June 18, 1806November 23, 1881) was a United States Senator from Florida.
University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg, commonly referred to as Pitt-Greensburg, is a four-year, baccalaureate degree-granting, state-related university institution that is a regional residential campus of the University of Pittsburgh located in Hempfield Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. Opened in 1963, Pitt-Greensburg was granted four-year degree-granting status in 1988. 
Kivalliq Air is an airline based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. It operates scheduled service three days per week between Sanikiluaq and Winnipeg. Its main base is at Winnipeg James Armstrong Richardson International Airport, with bases, hangars and maintenance facilities at Rankin Inlet Airport and Churchill Airport.
Bernard Lacombe (born 15 August 1952) is a French former professional footballer. He played as a striker, mainly with Lyon, Bordeaux and Saint-Étienne and the France national team.
George Davis (March 1, 1820 – February 23, 1896) was an American politician who served as the fourth Attorney General of the Confederate States from 1864 to 1865.
Wolf-Heinrich Julius Otto Bernhard Fritz Hermann Ferdinand Graf von Helldorff (14 October 1896 – 15 August 1944) was a German police official and politician, who served as a Member of the Prussian Parliament during the Weimar Republic, as a Member of the Reichstag  for the Nazi Party from 1933, and as president of police in Potsdam and Berlin. From 1938, the "Graf" became associated with the anti-Nazi resistance, and was executed in 1944 for his role in the 20th July plot to overthrow Hitler's regime.
The Universal Wrestling Federation  was an American wrestling promotion based out of Marina del Rey, California.
Empress Mao (died 22 September 237), personal name unknown, formally known as Empress Mingdao, was an empress of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China. She was married to Cao Rui, the second emperor of Wei.
3  were a short-lived progressive rock band formed by former Emerson, Lake & Palmer members Keith Emerson and Carl Palmer and American multi-instrumentalist Robert Berry in 1988.
The National Hispanic Institute  is an international nonprofit organization dedicated to serving the future leadership needs of the global Hispanic community. Founded in 1979 in the State of Texas with the mission of serving the future leadership needs of the United States via the Hispanic/Latino community, NHI became the largest Latino youth organization in the United States. 
Miena is a small town at the southern end of the Great Lake in the Central Highlands of Tasmania, Australia. At the 2016 census, Miena and the surrounding area had a population of 87.
Kamensk-Uralsky  is a city in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Kamenka and Iset Rivers . Population: 173,000 (1972); 51,000 (1939).
Raw Thrills, Inc. is an arcade game entertainment company based in Skokie, Illinois. It is best known for developing arcade games based on films.
Regina Carter (Detroit, August 6, 1966) is an American jazz violinist. She is the cousin of jazz saxophonist James Carter.
Lotto Sport Italia is an Italian sportswear manufacturer, which produces sporting and casual clothing and footwear, based in Trevignano, near Treviso. 
Domnarvsvallen is a football stadium in Borlänge Municipality, and the home arena for IK Brage and Dalkurd FF. Domnarvsvallen has a total capacity of 6,500 spectators.
Wassaw Sound is a bay of the Atlantic Ocean on the coast of Georgia, United States near Savannah at the mouth of the Wilmington River.
The Vishwamitri River is a seasonal river which flows east to west between the Mahi and Narmada rivers in Gujarat, India. It originates in the Pavagadh Hills.
PT Kereta Api Indonesia   is the major operator of public railways in Indonesia. It is completely owned by the government and pays track access charges to the government. 
The Sticky River is a river that flows into the southern end of Sebago Lake in Standish, Maine.
La Chinita International Airport is an airport serving Maracaibo, in the Zulia state of Venezuela. La Chinita is Venezuela's second most important airport in terms of passenger and aircraft movements, after Simón Bolívar International Airport near Caracas.
Andrew Ericson Lee (March 18, 1847 – March 19, 1934) was an American politician who served as the third Governor of South Dakota.
Martin Gerber (born 3 September 1974 in Burgdorf, Switzerland) is a Swiss former professional ice hockey goaltender. He was drafted in the eighth round, as 232nd overall, by the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft.
Meggitt PLC is a British engineering business specialising in aerospace equipment. It has its headquarters at Bournemouth Airport in Dorset. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
WBRA-TV, virtual channel 15 (VHF digital channel 3), is a Public Broadcasting Service  member television station licensed to Roanoke, Virginia, United States and also serving Lynchburg. The station is owned by Blue Ridge Public Television, Inc. WBRA-TV's studios are located on McNeil Drive in southwest Roanoke, and its transmitter is located on Poor Mountain in unincorporated southwestern Roanoke County.
Meketaten  was the second daughter of six born to the Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten and his Great Royal Wife Nefertiti. She was probably born in year 4 of Akhenaten's reign. 
Zhangjiajie  also known in Tujia language as "Zhangx jif avlar"  is a prefecture-level city in the northwestern part of Hunan province, People's Republic of China. It comprises the district of Yongding, Wulingyuan and counties of Cili and Sangzhi. Within it is located Wulingyuan Scenic Area which was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1992 as well as an AAAAA scenic area by the China National Tourism Administration.
Thomas Marion Addison (April 12, 1936 – June 14, 2011) was a professional American football linebacker (1960–1967) and sports labor leader, and is a member of the South Carolina Athletic Hall of Fame.
The Wanda Mountains  are located in the Heilongjiang Province of China.
Conil de la Frontera is a town on the Atlantic coast in the southern part of Spain, with around 22,000 inhabitants. 
Schirmeck  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
The Combat League of Revolutionary National Socialists , more commonly known as the Black Front , was a political group formed by Otto Strasser after his expulsion from the Nazi Party  in 1930.
New Mills Association Football Club  are an English football club based in New Mills, Derbyshire. They currently play in the .
Pechory  is a town and the administrative center of Pechorsky District in Pskov Oblast, Russia. Its population in the 2010 Census was 11,195, having fallen from 13,056 recorded in the 2002 Census and 11,935 in the 1989 Census. 
Yuliya Vladimirovna Pakhalina (, born 12 September 1977) is a Russian diver. She won the gold medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics in the 3m Synchronized Springboard with partner Vera Ilyina.
Andriy Melnyk  (December 12, 1890 – November 1, 1964) was a Ukrainian military and political leader.
Charkhi Dadri is a city and headquarters of Charkhi Dadri district in the state of Haryana, India, about 90 km from Delhi. The town was made by joining the villages of Charkhi and Dadri after urban development. Charkhi Dadri, located in southern Haryana from the national capital of New Delhi, is on NH 148B between Narnaul to Bathinda and NH 348B between Meerut to Pilani segment passing through the city.
Argelato  is an Italian "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna. It comprises the hamlets of Argelato, Casadio, , Funo, Malacappa, Volta Reno, San Donnino and San Giacomo, that are administratively divided into the main town  and the hamlets Casadio  and Funo .
Sentheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Andrew Trimble (born 20 October 1984) is a former Irish rugby union player who played for Ulster and represented Ireland at international level.
Avanza Bank Holding AB is the largest stockbroker and brokerage firm in Sweden and on the Stockholm Stock Exchange, with over 835,000 customers.
Nevio Scala (; born 22 November 1947) is an Italian football sporting director, coach and former player, who currently serves as the president of Italian club Parma. Throughout his footballing career, he played as a midfielder for several Italian clubs, and won several titles during his time with A.C. Milan. As a manager, he is mostly known for his role as head coach of Parma during the club's golden age of the 1990s, which saw him lead the team from Serie B to several European triumphs.
Tarpeena is a town and a locality on the Riddoch Highway between Penola and Mount Gambier in the Limestone Coast region of South Australia. 
Bourbourg  is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. It is situated in the maritime plain of northern France, in the middle of a triangle formed by Dunkirk, Calais, and Saint-Omer.
Michael Woodrow Jackson (born November 6, 1978), known professionally as Oh No, is an American rapper and record producer who has released several albums on Stones Throw Records. He is also half of the hip hop duo Gangrene along with The Alchemist.
Joseph Calleja (November 9, 1974 – November 16, 2000), better known by his stage name Joe C., was an American rapper and musician. He was discovered by Kid Rock.
The Viti Levu Group is an archipelago in Fiji consisting Viti Levu island and its outliers.
William Adams Palmer (September 12, 1781December 3, 1860) was an American politician, a lawyer, an Anti-Mason, thirteenth Governor of Vermont, and a US Senator from Vermont.
Tatiana Valeryevna Malinina (; born 28 January 1973) is a Russian-Uzbek figure skater who competed for Uzbekistan. She is the 1999 Grand Prix Final champion, the 1999 Four Continents champion, a two-time (1998, 2001) NHK Trophy champion, and a ten-time (1993–2002) Uzbek national champion.
Kliment Arkadievich Timiryazev (; – 28 April 1920) was a Russian botanist and physiologist and a major proponent of the Evolution Theory of Charles Darwin in Russia. He founded a faculty of vegetable physiology and a laboratory at the Petrovskoye Academy.
Ferry Road is one of the major roads of Edinburgh, Scotland, deriving its name from being the road from Queensferry to Leith. It runs from the eastern end of Davidson's Mains village in the west, to Leith in the east, passing through Drylaw, Crewe Toll and Goldenacre on the way. 
Bijelo Dugme  was a Yugoslav rock band, based in Sarajevo. Bijelo Dugme is widely considered to have been the most popular band ever to exist in the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and one of the most important acts of the Yugoslav rock scene.
Tor Arne Hetland (born 12 January 1974) is a Norwegian cross-country skiing coach and a former professional cross-country skier.
Notre Dame de Namur University  is a private Catholic university in Belmont, California, in Silicon Valley, between San Francisco and San Jose. It is the third oldest college in California and the first college in the state authorized to grant the baccalaureate degree to women.
Jan Lievens (24 October 1607 – 4 June 1674) was a Dutch Golden Age painter who was associated with his close contemporary Rembrandt, a year older, in the early parts of their careers. They shared a birthplace in Leiden, training with Pieter Lastman in Amsterdam, where they shared a studio for about five years until 1631. 
Francazal is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Villeneuve-sur-Allier is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in France.
Ingrannes is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
The National Fascist Movement  was a Romanian political movement formed in 1923 by the merger of the National Romanian Fascia and the National Italo-Romanian Cultural and Economic Movement. 
Ansprand ( 657 – 712) was king of the Lombards briefly in 712. Before that he was the duke of Asti and regent during the minority of Liutpert (700–701). 
Bessey is a commune in the Loire department in central France.
Charles Kwablan Akunnor (born 12 March 1974 in Accra) is a former Ghanaian international footballer. He has played as a versatile midfielder, mostly in Germany. He is currently the head coach of Asante Kotoko.
Alvin Harvey Hansen (August 23, 1887 – June 6, 1975), often referred to as "the American Keynes", was a professor of economics at Harvard, a widely read author on current economic issues, and an influential advisor to the government who helped create the Council of Economic Advisors and the Social Security system. He is best known for introducing Keynesian economics in the United States in the 1930s.
Fabrizio Giovanardi (born 14 December 1966 in Sassuolo) is an Italian racing driver. During his career he has won ten touring car titles, including European and British crowns making him the most successful touring car driver worldwide. He has spent the majority of his career racing for Alfa Romeo and Vauxhall.
Kamennogorsk , known under the Finnish name of Antrea  before 1948, is a town in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus on the left bank of the Vuoksa River  northwest of St. Petersburg. Population: 
Philip Joseph "P.J." Stock (born May 26, 1975) is a Canadian sports broadcaster and retired professional ice hockey player. After retiring as a player in 2004 he hosted a radio show on Montreal station Team 990 and later became a regular member of the "Hockey Night in Canada" broadcast team until his release in 2016. 
George Albert Sinner (May 29, 1928 – March 9, 2018) was an American Democratic-NPL politician who served as the 29th Governor of North Dakota from 1985 through 1992. He served two four-year terms as governor and is the most recent governor of North Dakota to have been from that political party.
The Carteret Islands  are Papua New Guinea islands located 86 km (53 mi) north-east of Bougainville in the South Pacific. The atoll has a scattering of low-lying islands called Han, Jangain, Yesila, Yolasa and Piul, in a horseshoe shape stretching in north-south direction, with a total land area of and a maximum elevation of above sea level.
Eva Carin Beatrice Ask (born 20 April 1956) is a Swedish politician and a member of the Moderate Party. She has been a member of the Swedish Riksdag for Stockholm Municipality since 1988. 
Saskia Reeves (born 16 August 1961) is an English actress best known for her roles in the films "Close My Eyes" (1991) and "I.D." (1995), and the 2000 miniseries "Frank Herbert's Dune".
Casey Patrick Biggs (born April 4, 1955) is an American actor, best known throughout the Star Trek community for starring as the Cardassian Damar, on "".
Asia Resource Minerals PLC, is a major international mining group. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Barbara Hall Partee (born June 23, 1940) is a Distinguished University Professor Emerita of Linguistics and Philosophy at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. She is one of the founders of contemporary formal semantics in the United States, the author of a number of influential works. 
David Ivry (; born 1934) was the Israeli Ambassador to the United States from 2000 to 2002, and the ninth commander of the Israeli Air Force . In 1999, he was appointed first director of the Israeli National Security Council. 
John William Middendorf II (born September 22, 1924) is a former Republican United States diplomat and Secretary of the Navy.
Verdigris is an incorporated town in Rogers County, Oklahoma, United States, in the Tulsa metropolitan area. It straddles former U.S. Highway 66 (now State Highway 66) between Catoosa and Claremore. Verdigris had a population of 3,993 at the 2010 census, an increase of 92.9 percent from 2,070 at the 2000 census.
Jeffrey Scott Beukeboom (born March 28, 1965) is a Canadian professional ice hockey coach and former player in the National Hockey League . He played as a defenceman for the Edmonton Oilers and New York Rangers.
The Sheep Hole Mountains are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert, to the north of Joshua Tree National Park, in San Bernardino County, California. The mountains were once Chemehuevi hunting grounds.
Richard Bartlett Gregg (1885–1974) was an American social philosopher said to be "the first American to develop a substantial theory of nonviolent resistance" and an influence on the thinking of Martin Luther King, Jr, 
Woodside is a neighbourhood in the London Borough of Croydon located between Addiscombe and South Norwood.
Los Amigos Invisibles  is a Venezuelan band that plays a blend of disco, acid jazz and funk mixed with Latin rhythms. In addition to releasing eleven critically acclaimed albums, the band is lauded internationally for their explosive, live shows, spanning nearly 60 countries.
WATJ (1560 AM) – branded Sports Radio 1560 AM – was a commercial daytime-only radio station licensed to Chardon, Ohio, serving parts of Greater Cleveland. The station broadcast license expired on October 1, 2004.
Karl Malden (born Mladen George Sekulovich; March 22, 1912 – July 1, 2009) was an American actor. He was primarily a character actor who "for more than 60 years brought an intelligent intensity and a homespun authenticity to roles in theater, film and television", especially in such classic films as "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1951) — for which he won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor — "On the Waterfront" (1954), "Pollyanna" (1960), and "One-Eyed Jacks" (1961). Malden also played in high-profile Hollywood films such as "Baby Doll" (1956), "The Hanging Tree" (1959), "How the West Was Won" (1962), and "Patton" (1970).
New Zealand First , commonly abbreviated to NZ First, is a nationalist and populist political party in New Zealand. It was founded in July 1993, following the resignation on 19 March 1993 of its leader and founder, Winston Peters, from the then-governing National Party. 
British Leyland was an automotive engineering and manufacturing conglomerate formed in the United Kingdom in 1968 as British Leyland Motor Corporation Ltd , following the merger of Leyland Motors and British Motor Holdings. It was partly nationalised in 1975, when the UK government created a holding company called British Leyland, later BL, in 1978. 
Longus, sometimes Longos , was the author of an ancient Greek novel or romance, "Daphnis and Chloe". Nothing is known of his life; it is assumed that he lived on the isle of Lesbos  during the 2nd century AD .
Emperor Shang of Han (; early 105 – 21 September 106) was an infant emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty and the fifth emperor of the Eastern Han.
Jessica Marie Alba (; born April 28, 1981) is an American actress and businesswoman. She began her television and movie appearances at age 13 in "Camp Nowhere" and "The Secret World of Alex Mack" (1994), but rose to prominence at 19, as the lead actress of the television series "Dark Angel" (2000–2002), for which she received a Golden Globe nomination.
Emile William Ivanhoe Heskey (born 11 January 1978) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker. He made more than 500 appearances in the Football League and Premier League over an 18-year career, and represented England in international football. 
Saint Daniele Comboni (15 March 1831 – 10 October 1881) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop who served in the missions in Africa and was the founder of both the Comboni Missionaries of the Heart of Jesus and the Comboni Missionary Sisters. Comboni studied under the Venerable Nicola Mazza in Verona where he became a multi-linguist and in 1849 vowed to join the missions in the African continent although this did not occur until 1857 when he travelled to Sudan. 
Eliahu Inbal (born 16 February 1936, Jerusalem) is an Israeli conductor.
The St. Francois Mountains in southeast Missouri are a mountain range of Precambrian igneous mountains rising over the Ozark Plateau. This range is one of the oldest exposures of igneous rock in North America.
Christoph Blocher (; born 11 October 1940) is a Swiss politician, industrialist, and former member of the Swiss Federal Council heading the Federal Department of Justice and Police (2004–2007). He served as vice president of the Swiss People's Party until 24 March 2018. 
Efrem Kurtz (; November 7, 1900June 27, 1995) was a Russian conductor.
Vivian Vance (born Vivian Roberta Jones; July 26, 1909 – August 17, 1979) was an American television and theater actress and singer. Vance is best known for her role as Ethel Mertz, sidekick to Lucille Ball on the American television sitcom "I Love Lucy", and as Vivian Bagley on "The Lucy Show".
Robert Laurence Mills (April 15, 1927 – October 27, 1999) was an American physicist, specializing in quantum field theory, the theory of alloys, and many-body theory. While sharing an office at Brookhaven National Laboratory, in 1954, Chen Ning Yang and Mills proposed a tensor equation for what are now called Yang–Mills fields :
The University of Newcastle , informally known as Newcastle University, is an Australian public university established in 1965. It has a primary campus in Callaghan, a suburb of Newcastle, New South Wales. The university also operates campuses in Ourimbah, Port Macquarie, Singapore, Newcastle CBD and Sydney CBD.
The Neptunes are an American production duo, composed of Pharrell Williams and Chad Hugo. The Neptunes' sound is a distinctive brand of off-kilter, stripped-down electronic funk with sounds from Middle Eastern and Asian music including percussion and woodwind. 
James Bond (January 4, 1900 – February 14, 1989) was an American ornithologist and expert on the birds of the Caribbean. His name was appropriated by writer Ian Fleming for his fictional British spy of the same name.
The Beas River is a river in north India. The river rises in the Himalayas in central Himachal Pradesh, India, and flows for some to the Sutlej River in the Indian state of Punjab.
Royal Tunbridge Wells, previously just Tunbridge Wells, is a town in western Kent, England, south-east of central London, close to the border with East Sussex upon the northern edge of the High Weald, whose sandstone geology is exemplified by the rock formations at the Wellington Rocks and High Rocks. 
Mardonius ( "Mardonios", Old Persian: 𐎶𐎼𐎯𐎢𐎴𐎡𐎹, "Marduniya", literally: "the mild one"; died 479 BC) was a leading Persian military commander during the Persian Wars with Greece in the early 5th century BC who died at the Battle of Plataea.
Bridlington is a coastal town and civil parish on the Holderness Coast of the North Sea, situated in the unitary authority and ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire approximately north of Hull and east of York. The Gypsey Race river runs through the town and emerges into the North Sea in the town harbour. In the 2011 Census the population of the parish was 35,369.
Kettering is a town in Northamptonshire, England, about north of London and northeast of Northampton, on the west side of the River Ise, a tributary of the River Nene. The name means "the place  of Ketter's people ".
Benjamin West (October 10, 1738 – March 11, 1820) was a British North American history painter around and after the time of the American War of Independence and the Seven Years' War. He was the second president of the Royal Academy in London, serving from 1792 to 1805 and 1806 to 1820.
Biggar is a town in central Saskatchewan, Canada. It is located on Highway 14, west of Saskatoon, the province's most populous city.
Algeciras  is a port city in the south of Spain, and is the largest city on the Bay of Gibraltar . The Port of Algeciras is one of the largest ports in Europe and the world in three categories: container,
Malcolm John Rebennack Jr. (November 20, 1941 – June 6, 2019), better known by his stage name Dr. John, was an American singer and songwriter. His music combined blues, pop, jazz, boogie-woogie, and rock and roll.
Coalville is a town in North West Leicestershire, England, with a population at the 2011 census of 34,575. It lies on the A511 trunk road between Leicester and Burton-upon-Trent, close to junction 22 of the M1 motorway where the A511 meets the A50 between Ashby-de-la-Zouch and Leicester. 
Poison the Well is an American metalcore band from Miami, Florida who were last signed to Ferret Music. In 2010, they announced a hiatus to explore other interests. 
Blondel de Nesle – either Jean I of Nesle (c. 1155 – 1202) or his son Jean II of Nesle (died 1241) – was a French trouvère.
Margaret Forster (25 May 1938 – 8 February 2016) was an English novelist, biographer, memoirist, historian and literary critic. She is best known for her 1965 novel "Georgy Girl", which was made into a successful film of the same name and inspired a hit song by The Seekers, as well as her 2003 novel "Diary of an Ordinary Woman"; her biographies of Daphne du Maurier and Elizabeth Barrett Browning; and her memoirs "Hidden Lives" and "Precious Lives".
Bridgend  of the bridge on the Ogmore") is a town in Bridgend County Borough in Wales, west of the capital Cardiff and east of Swansea. The river crossed by the original bridge, which gave the town its name, is the River Ogmore, but the River Ewenny also passes to the south of the town.
Bouillante is a "commune" in the French overseas region and department of Guadeloupe, in the Lesser Antilles.
Karl Joseph Simrock (August 28, 1802 – July 18, 1876), was a German poet and writer. He is primarily known for his translation of the "Nibelungenlied" into modern German.
Barry W. Boehm (born 1935) is an American software engineer, distinguished professor of computer science, industrial and systems engineering; the TRW Professor of Software Engineering; and founding director of the Center for Systems and Software Engineering at the University of Southern California. He is known for his many contributions to the area of software engineering.
Nezahualpilli (Nahuatl for "fasting prince"; 1464–1515, ) was ruler  of the Mesoamerican city-state of Texcoco, elected by the city's nobility after the death of his father, Nezahualcoyotl, in 1472.
Walter Emmons Alston (December 1, 1911 – October 1, 1984), nicknamed "Smokey", was an American baseball player and manager in Major League Baseball He is best known for managing the Brooklyn/Los Angeles Dodgers from 1954 through 1976, and signed 23 one-year contracts with the He had a calm, reticent demeanor, for which he was sometimes also known as "The Quiet Man."
Soft Machine are an English rock and jazz band from Canterbury formed in mid-1966, named after the novel "The Soft Machine" by William S. Burroughs. They were one of the central bands in the Canterbury scene. 
Uschi Glas (born Helga Ursula Glas; 2 March 1944), sometimes credited as Ursula Glas, is a German film and television and stage actress and a singer.
John Peter Zenger (October 26, 1697 – July 28, 1746) was an American printer and journalist in New York City. Zenger printed "The New York Weekly Journal". 
Oundle is a market town on the River Nene in Northamptonshire, England, which had a population of 5,735 at the time of the 2011 census. It is north of London and south-west of Peterborough. The nearest railway station, Corby, is to the west.
Campbeltown Airport  is located at Machrihanish, west of Campbeltown, near the tip of the Kintyre peninsula in Argyll and Bute on the west coast of Scotland. 
Maurice Victor Macmillan, Viscount Macmillan of Ovenden (27 January 1921 – 10 March 1984), was a British Conservative Party politician and Member of Parliament. He was the only son of Harold Macmillan, 1st Earl of Stockton, who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1957 to 1963.
Charles Goodyear (December 29, 1800 – July 1, 1860) was an American self-taught chemist and manufacturing engineer who developed vulcanized rubber, for which he received patent number 3633 from the United States Patent Office on June 15, 1844.
Georgios Papandreou ( "Geórgios Papandréou"; 13 February 1888 – 1 November 1968) was a Greek politician, the founder of the Papandreou political dynasty. He served three terms as prime minister of Greece (1944–1945, 1963, 1964–1965). 
Rowan Gavin Paton Menzies (born 14 August 1937) is a British author and retired submarine lieutenant-commander who has written books promoting claims that the Chinese sailed to America before Columbus. Historians have rejected Menzies' theories and assertions and have categorised his work as pseudohistory.
Leon Brittan, Baron Brittan of Spennithorne, (25 September 1939 – 21 January 2015) was a British politician, Conservative Member of Parliament, and barrister, as well as a member of the European Commission. He served several ministerial roles in Margaret Thatcher's government, including Home Secretary.
Europe is a Swedish rock band formed in Upplands Väsby in 1979, by vocalist Joey Tempest, guitarist John Norum, bassist Peter Olsson, and drummer Tony Reno. They got a major breakthrough in Sweden in 1982 by winning the televised competition ""Rock-SM"" : it was the first time this competition was held, and Europe became a larger success than the competition itself.
Virgin Books is a United Kingdom book publisher 90% owned by the publishing group Random House, and 10% owned by Virgin Group, the company originally set up by Richard Branson as a record company.
Gioconda Belli (born December 9, 1948 in Managua, Nicaragua) is a Nicaraguan author, novelist and poet.
Gary "Mani" Mounfield (born 16 November 1962) is an English rock bassist, best known for being a member of the Stone Roses and Primal Scream.
John Tzetzes (, "Iōánnēs Tzétzēs"; c. 1110, Constantinople – 1180, Constantinople) was a Byzantine poet and grammarian who is known to have lived at Constantinople in the 12th century.
Arnulf II (960 or 961 – 30 March 987) was Count of Flanders from 965 until his death.
Thaksin Shinawatra (; ; ; ; born 26 July 1949) is a Thai businessman, politician and visiting professor. He served in the Thai Police from 1973 to 1987, and was the Prime Minister of Thailand from 2001 to 2006. 
Arthur Edwin Kennelly (December 17, 1861 – June 18, 1939), was an Irish-American electrical engineer.
Matthew Fontaine Maury (January 14, 1806February 1, 1873) was an American astronomer, United States Navy officer, historian, oceanographer, meteorologist, cartographer, author, geologist, and educator.
Albrecht von Haller  (16 October 170812 December 1777) was a Swiss anatomist, physiologist, naturalist, encyclopedist, bibliographer and poet. A pupil of Herman Boerhaave, he is often referred to as "the father of modern physiology."
Donna Leon (; born September 28, 1942, in Montclair, New Jersey) is the American author of a series of crime novels set in Venice, Italy, featuring the fictional hero Commissario Guido Brunetti.
The New England Telephone and Telegraph Company was a very early company set up to develop the then-new telephone.
Richard Charles "Dick" Lewontin (born March 29, 1929) is an American evolutionary biologist, mathematician, geneticist, and social commentator. A leader in developing the mathematical basis of population genetics and evolutionary theory, he pioneered the application of techniques from molecular biology, such as gel electrophoresis, to questions of genetic variation and evolution.
Pope John XI (; died December 935) was Pope from March 931 (at the age of 20) to his death in December 935.
Nervous Gender is an American punk rock band founded in Los Angeles, California in 1978 by Gerardo Velazquez, Edward Stapleton, Phranc and Michael Ochoa.
The Zumtobel Group  headquartered in Dornbirn, Austria, is a manufacturer of professional indoor and outdoor lighting, lighting management systems and lighting components as well as LED and OLED technology. The Zumtobel Group includes the subsidiaries of "Zumtobel", "Thorn", "Tridonic", "acdc" and "Reiss". 
General Matthew Bunker Ridgway (March 3, 1895 – July 26, 1993) was a senior officer in the United States Army, who served as Supreme Allied Commander Europe (1952–1953) and the 19th Chief of Staff of the United States Army (1953–1955). He fought with distinction during World War II, where he was the Commanding General of the 82nd Airborne Division, leading it in action in Sicily, Italy and Normandy, before taking command of the newly formed XVIII Airborne Corps in August 1944. He held the latter post until the end of the war, commanding the corps in the Battle of the Bulge, Operation Varsity and the Western Allied invasion of Germany.
DIC Entertainment Corporation  was an international film and television production company. In 2008, DiC was acquired by the Cookie Jar Group and was folded into it. Most of the DiC library is currently owned by DHX Media after DHX acquired the Cookie Jar Group on October 22, 2012.
Admiral of the Fleet John Jervis, 1st Earl of St Vincent (9 January 1735 – 13 March 1823) was an admiral in the Royal Navy and Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom. Jervis served throughout the latter half of the 18th century and into the 19th, and was an active commander during the Seven Years' War, American War of Independence, French Revolutionary War and the Napoleonic Wars. 
Founded in 1932, the club have played at the 25,000-seater DW Stadium since 1999, before which they played at Springfield Park. Their colours are blue and white stripes, although all-blue shirts have been common throughout the club's history.
The University of Bradford is a public, plate glass university located in the city of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England. The university received its Royal Charter in 1966, making it the 40th university to be created in Britain, but its origins date back to the early 19th century. 
Wizzard were an English glam rock band formed by Roy Wood, former member of the Move and co-founder of the Electric Light Orchestra. "The Guinness Book of 500 Number One Hits" states, "Wizzard was Roy Wood just as much as Wings was Paul McCartney." They are most famous for their 1973 Christmas song "I Wish It Could Be Christmas Everyday".
Biddulph is a town in Staffordshire, England, 8.5 miles north of Stoke-on-Trent and 4.5 miles south-east of Congleton, Cheshire.
Darwen is a market town and civil parish located in Lancashire, England. Along with its northerly neighbour, Blackburn, it forms the Borough of Blackburn with Darwen — a unitary authority area. It is known locally as "Darren" and its residents are known as "Darreners".
Mumtaz Mahal (Persian: ممتاز محل ; born Arjumand Banu; 27 April 1593 – 17 June 1631) was Empress consort of the Mughal Empire from 19 January 1628 to 17 June 1631 as the chief consort of the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan. The UNESCO World Heritage Site Taj Mahal in Agra, often cited as one of the Wonders of the World, was commissioned by her husband to act as her final resting place.
Rudi Altig (18 March 1937 – 11 June 2016) was a German professional track and road racing cyclist who won the 1962 Vuelta a España and the world championship in 1966. After his retirement from sports he worked as a television commentator.
St Helens  is a large town in Merseyside, England, with a population of 102,629. It is the administrative centre of the Metropolitan Borough of St Helens, which had a population of 176,843 at the 2001 Census.
Kyle Bryan Boller (born June 17, 1981) is a former American football quarterback. After playing college football for California, he was drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round (19th overall) of the 2003 NFL Draft. 
Gregori Aleksandrovich Margulis (, first name often given as Gregory, Grigori or Grigory; born February 24, 1946) is a Russian-American mathematician known for his work on lattices in Lie groups, and the introduction of methods from ergodic theory into diophantine approximation. He was awarded a Fields Medal in 1978 and a Wolf Prize in Mathematics in 2005, becoming the seventh mathematician to receive both prizes. In 1991, he joined the faculty of Yale University, where he is currently the Erastus L. De Forest Professor of Mathematics.
Paul Mark Scott (25 March 19201 March 1978) was an English novelist, playwright, and poet, best known for his tetralogy "The Raj Quartet." His novel "Staying On" won the Booker Prize for 1977.
Passirano  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, Italy.
Piancogno  is a commune in the Italian province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
Ponte di Legno  is an Italian "comune" of 1,729 inhabitants in Val Camonica, province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
Burg bei Magdeburg is a town of about 23,900 inhabitants on the Elbe–Havel Canal in northeastern Germany, northeast of Magdeburg. It is the capital of the Jerichower Land district in the state of Saxony-Anhalt.
The Art Institutes are a collection of eight for-profit art schools owned by Education Principle Foundation and the remnants of two failed parent companies: for-profit college operator Education Management Corporation  and Dream Center Education Holdings . 
Saint-Paul-de-Vence (before 2011: "Saint-Paul", in Occitan: Sant Pau) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France. One of the oldest medieval towns on the French Riviera, it is well known for its modern and contemporary art museums and galleries such as Fondation Maeght which is located nearby.
The Socialist Forces Front "; ; ) is a social democratic and secularist political party, mainly supported by Kabyles in Algeria. The FFS is a member of the Socialist International.
Nechirvan Idris Barzani ( / ; born 21 September 1966) is a Kurdish politician who has been President of the Kurdistan Regional Government of Iraqi Kurdistan since June 2019. He previously served as Prime Minister from March 2006 to August 2009 and March 2012 to May 2019.
Odin Computer Graphics were a Liverpool-based computer games developer who came to prominence in the mid-1980s with a variety of titles for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC home computers.
Mansun were an English alternative rock band, formed in Chester in 1995. The band comprised vocalist/rhythm guitarist Paul Draper, bassist Stove King, lead guitarist/backing vocalist Dominic Chad, and drummer Andie Rathbone.
Burwash Landing is a small community, at historical mile 1093 on the Alaska Highway, in Yukon, Canada along the southern shore of Kluane Lake.
Ciriaco Luigi De Mita (; born 2 February 1928) is an Italian politician. He served as the 47th Prime Minister of Italy from 1988 to 1989 and as Member of the European Parliament from 2009 to 2013.
Les Andelys  is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Gabriel-Maximilien Leuvielle (16 December 18831 November 1925), known professionally as Max Linder , was a French actor, director, screenwriter, producer and comedian of the silent film era. His onscreen persona "Max" was one of the first recognizable recurring characters in film. 
Richard John Cyril Allen (born 1 November 1963) is an English drummer who has played for the hard rock band Def Leppard since 1978. He overcame the amputation of his left arm in 1985 and continued to play with the band, which subsequently went on to its most commercially successful phase. 
Pralboino  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. As of 2011 Pralboino had a population of 2,975.
The Union-Castle Line was a British shipping line that operated a fleet of passenger liners and cargo ships between Europe and Africa from 1900 to 1977. It was formed from the merger of the Union Line and Castle Shipping Line.
Incredible Expanding Mindfuck, also known as I.E.M., was a musical project by Steven Wilson . Its work was mainly influenced by Krautrock and experimental music from the 1960s and 1970s.
Kongens Lyngby  is the seat and commercial centre of Lyngby-Taarbæk Municipality in the northern suburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark. Lyngby Hovedgade is a busy shopping street and the site of a branch of Magasin du Nord as well as Lyngby Storcenter. 
Wrangler is an American manufacturer of jeans and other clothing items, particularly workwear. The brand is owned by Kontoor Brands Inc., which also owns Lee. 
Joseph Warren Keifer (January 30, 1836 – April 22, 1932) was a major general during the Spanish–American War and a prominent U.S. politician during the 1880s. He served in the United States House of Representatives as a Republican from Ohio from 1877 to 1885 and from 1905 to 1911. 
Gertrude of Austria  (1226 – 24 April 1288) was a member of the House of Babenberg, Duchess of Mödling and later titular Duchess of Austria and Styria. She was the niece of Duke Frederick II of Austria, the last male member of the Babenberg dynasty. 
For Squirrels was an alternative rock band based out of Gainesville, Florida, founded in 1992 and changing their name to Subrosa in 1996 before disbanding in 2001.
Westgate-on-Sea is a seaside town and civil parish in northeast Kent, England, with a population of 6,996 at the 2011 Census. It is within the Thanet local government district and borders the larger seaside resort of Margate. 
Philip Repyngdon (c. 1345 – 1424) was a bishop and cardinal.
John William Leckie (born 23 October 1949) is an English record producer and recording engineer. His production credits include Magazine's "Real Life" (1978), XTC's "White Music" (1978) and Dukes of Stratosphear's "25 O'Clock" (1985), the Stone Roses' "The Stone Roses" (1989), Radiohead's "The Bends" (1995), Muse's "Origin of Symmetry" (2001) and the Levellers' "We the Collective" (2018).
The Taconic Mountains or Taconic Range  are a physiographic section of the larger New England province and part of the Appalachian Mountains, running along the eastern border of New York State and adjacent New England from northwest Connecticut to western Massachusetts, north to central western Vermont. The range includes notable summits such as Mount Equinox and Mount Greylock, the highest point in Massachusetts. 
The Charente  is a long river in southwestern France. 
Pirassununga is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil, with an altitude of 627 meters. The population is 74,587 (2015 est.) 
Ross is a small town located in the Westland District on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. Lying 27 kilometres south-west of Hokitika and 46 kilometres north-east of Harihari, State Highway 6 passes through Ross on its route from Ruatapu south to Pukekura, Harihari, and further south, the Franz Josef Glacier.
South Starworld Strikers Football Club was a professional football team, which played in Trinidad and Tobago's Professional Football League. The club played their home matches in Ato Boldon Stadium, in Couva, Trinidad.
Thomas Dooley (born May 12, 1961) is an American former soccer defender and defensive midfielder, a long-time member and former captain of the United States national team. Dooley last served as the head coach of the Philippines national team.
Angus Eve (born 23 February 1972) is a former Trinidadian footballer, who is currently a coach for Naparima College's Football team. He is his country's most capped player of all time.
William Frederick Gibbons (born December 16, 1949), professionally known as Billy Gibbons, and The Reverend Billy F. Gibbons, is an American musician, singer, songwriter, record producer, and actor, best known as the guitarist and lead singer of American rock band ZZ Top. He began his career in the Moving Sidewalks, who recorded "Flash" (1968) and opened four dates for the Jimi Hendrix Experience. 
Takaka is a small town situated at the southeastern end of Golden Bay, at the northern end of New Zealand's South Island, located on the lower reaches of the Takaka River. It lies at the start of the winding road which follows the river valley before climbing over Takaka Hill, linking Golden Bay with the more populated coast of Tasman Bay to the southeast. The town is served by Takaka Aerodrome.
Hector Juan Samuel "Tico" Torres (born October 7, 1953) is an American musician, artist, and entrepreneur, best known as the drummer, percussionist, and a songwriter for American legendary rock band Bon Jovi. In 2018, Torres was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Bon Jovi.
The New York State Right to Life Party was founded to oppose the legalization of abortion in New York in 1970.
Auroville  is an experimental township in Viluppuram district mostly in the state of Tamil Nadu, India with some parts in the Union Territory of Puducherry in South India. It was founded in 1968 by Mirra Alfassa  and designed by architect Roger Anger. 
RAW 1251AM is the student radio station at the University of Warwick and winner of the 2000 and 2003 BBC Radio 1 Student Radio Association Best Station awards.
The Thiel Mountains are an isolated, mainly snow-capped mountain range of the Transantarctic Mountains System, located in the Ellsworth Land region of Antarctica
Graham Land is the portion of the Antarctic Peninsula that lies north of a line joining Cape Jeremy and Cape Agassiz. This description of Graham Land is consistent with the 1964 agreement between the British Antarctic Place-names Committee and the US Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names, in which the name "Antarctic Peninsula" was approved for the major peninsula of Antarctica, and the names Graham Land and Palmer Land for the northern and southern portions, respectively. 
Bo Gunnar Widerberg (8 June 1930 – 1 May 1997) was a Swedish film director, writer, editor and actor.
Raymond V (; c. 1134 – c. 1194) was Count of Toulouse from 1148 until his death in 1194.
Zera Yacob Amha Selassie, Crown Prince of Ethiopia  (born 15 August 1953) is the grandson of Emperor Haile Selassie and son of Emperor-in-Exile Amha Selassie of Ethiopia. He has been Head of the Imperial House of Ethiopia since 17 February 1997 as recognized by the Crown Council of Ethiopia.
Fu Manchu is an American stoner rock band formed in Southern California in 1985.
The Scottish National Portrait Gallery is an art museum on Queen Street, Edinburgh. The gallery holds the national collections of portraits, all of which are of, but not necessarily by, Scots. It also holds the Scottish National Photography Collection.
Cameron Bright (born Cameron Douglas Crigger; January 26, 1993) is a Canadian actor. He has appeared in the films "The Butterfly Effect", "Godsend", "Birth", "Running Scared", "Ultraviolet", "", "Thank You for Smoking" and four installments of "The Twilight Saga".
Unione Sportiva Lecce, commonly referred to as Lecce, is an Italian football club based in Lecce, Apulia. It currently plays in Serie A, the highest level of the Italian football pyramid, and plays its home games at Stadio Via del Mare which has a capacity of 40,670 spectators.
Cormeilles is a commune in the Eure department in the Normandy region in northern France.
Wuhan University of Technology , located in Wuchang District and Luonan Subdistrict, Hongshan District in Wuhan, Hubei, China, was merged on May 27, 2000, from three universities: Wuhan University of Technology (established in 1948), Wuhan Transportation University (established in 1946) and Wuhan Automotive Polytechnic University (established in 1958). WUT is one of the leading Chinese universities accredited by the Ministry of Education and one of the universities constructed in priority by the "State Project 211" for Chinese higher education institutions. It is also a Chinese Ministry of Education Double First Class Discipline University, with Double First Class status in certain disciplines.
Lee Na-young (; born February 22, 1979) is a South Korean actress. She is best known for her leading roles in TV Series "Ruler of Your Own World" (2002) and "Ireland" (2004) and film "Someone Special" (2004) and "Maundy Thursday" (2006). 
Suellacabras is a small Spanish town and municipality, located in the province of Soria, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.
Fyodor Yakovlevich Alekseyev (Russian: Фёдор Яковлевич Алексеев; c.1753—1755, Saint Petersburg - 23 November 1824, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian painter. His contemporaries often called him the Russian Canaletto, in recognition of his masterful vedute.
A.C. Cesena, commonly referred to as Cesena , was an Italian football club based in Cesena, Emilia-Romagna. The club spent most of the club history in professional leagues such as Serie A and Serie B, but bankrupted and folded in 2018. 
Duncan (pop. 4,944) is a city on southern Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada. 
Vivendi SA is a French mass media conglomerate headquartered in Paris. The company has activities in music, television, film, video games, book publishing, telecommunications, tickets and video hosting service.
Melissa  is a "comune" in the province of Crotone, in Calabria. The village Melissa is situated in the mountainous inland, while the "frazione" of Torre Melissa is on the Ionian Sea coast. 
Elizabeth Hubbard (born December 22, 1933) is an American film, soap opera, stage and television actress, best known for her role as Dr. Althea Davis on "The Doctors" (1964-69, 1970-78, 1981-82) and powerful businesswoman Lucinda Walsh on "As the World Turns" (1984-2010). She also played roles on "The Edge of Night", "One Life to Live", and "Guiding Light". 
Egon Joseph Wellesz (Vienna, 21 October 1885 – Oxford, 9 November 1974) was an Austrian, later British composer, teacher and musicologist, notable particularly in the field of Byzantine music.
Air Polonia was the first privately owned low-cost airline in Poland with its headquarters in Warsaw and its largest operations base at Warsaw Frédéric Chopin Airport. On 5 December 2004 Air Polonia ceased operations due to financial difficulties.
Te Koko-o-Kupe / Cloudy Bay or simply Cloudy Bay is located at the northeast of New Zealand's South Island, to the south of the Marlborough Sounds and north of Clifford Bay. In August 2014, the name Cloudy Bay, given by Captain Cook in 1770, was officially altered to Te Koko-o-Kupe / Cloudy Bay, with the Māori name recalling the early explorer Kupe scooping up oysters from the bay.
Motor Ace are an Australian alternative rock band. Formed in Melbourne around 1998 out of the remains of another band named Snowblind, their members are Patrick  Robertson , Damian Birchall Costin , Matt Balfe , and Dave Ong .
Walter Jack Gotell (15 March 1924 – 5 May 1997) was a German actor, known for his role as General Gogol, head of the KGB, in the Roger Moore-era of the James Bond film series, as well as having played the role of Morzeny, a villain, in "From Russia With Love". He also appeared as Gogol in the final part of "The Living Daylights" (1987), Timothy Dalton's first Bond film.
The Missouri Pacific Railroad , commonly abbreviated as MoPac and nicknamed The Mop, was one of the first railroads in the United States west of the Mississippi River. MoPac was a Class I railroad growing from dozens of predecessors and mergers, including the St. Louis, Iron Mountain and Southern Railway , Texas and Pacific Railway , Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railroad , St. Louis, Brownsville and Mexico Railway , Kansas, Oklahoma and Gulf Railway , Midland Valley Railroad , San Antonio, Uvalde and Gulf Railroad , Gulf Coast Lines , International-Great Northern Railroad , New Orleans, Texas and Mexico Railway , Missouri-Illinois Railroad , as well as the small Central Branch Railway , and joint ventures such as the Alton and Southern Railroad .
Voodoo Glow Skulls are an American ska punk band formed in 1988 in Riverside, California by brothers Frank, Eddie, and Jorge Casillas and their longtime friend Jerry O'Neill. Voodoo Glow Skulls first played at backyard parties and later at Spanky's Café in their hometown of Riverside, where they played shows with the Angry Samoans, The Mighty Mighty Bosstones, Firehose, Murphy's Law, and The Dickies.
Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans, KG (8 May 167010 May 1726) was an illegitimate son of King Charles II of England by his mistress Nell Gwynne.
Pampers is an American brand of baby and toddler products marketed by Procter & Gamble.
Daisy Fuentes (born November 17, 1966) is a Cuban-American television host, comedian and model. Fuentes broke barriers as MTV's first Latina VJ , and as Revlon's first Latina spokesperson to be signed to a worldwide contract.
Le Cannet-des-Maures is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Daniel Buren (born 25 March 1938) is a French conceptual artist.
Ken Foree (born February 29, 1948) is an American actor, best known as the protagonist Peter from the horror film "Dawn of the Dead" and as Roger Rockmore on the Nickelodeon television sitcom "Kenan & Kel".
The Maryland Institute College of Art  is a private art and design college in Baltimore, Maryland. It was founded in 1826 as the Maryland Institute for the Promotion of the Mechanic Arts, making it one of the oldest art colleges in the United States. 
David Holland (5 April 1948 – 16 January 2018) was an English heavy metal drummer born in Northampton, England, best remembered for his stints with Trapeze from 1969 to 1979 and Judas Priest from 1979 to 1989.
Augusta Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein (Auguste Viktoria Friederike Luise Feodora Jenny; 22 October 1858 – 11 April 1921) was the last German empress and queen of Prussia by marriage to Wilhelm II, German Emperor.
The Sierra Madre del Sur is a mountain range in southern Mexico, extending from southern Michoacán east through Guerrero, to the Isthmus of Tehuantepec in eastern Oaxaca.
Cecil Farris Bryant (July 26, 1914 – March 1, 2002) was the 34th Governor of Florida. He also served on the United States National Security Council and in the Office of Emergency Planning during the administration of President Lyndon B. Johnson.
Andrew Ralph Adamson (born 1 December 1966) is a New Zealand film director, producer and screenwriter based mainly in Los Angeles, where he made the animation films, "Shrek" and "Shrek 2" for which he received an Academy Award win. He was director, executive producer, and scriptwriter for the 2005 production of "". 
Julius Albert Krug (November 23, 1907March 26, 1970) was a politician who served as the United States Secretary of the Interior for the administration of President Harry S. Truman from 1946 until 1949.
The Magnetawan River is a river in Parry Sound District, Ontario, Canada The river flows 175 km from its source of Magnetawan Lake inside Algonquin Provincial Park to empty into Georgian Bay at the community of Britt on Byng Inlet.
Cathay Bank  is a Sino-American bank based in Los Angeles, California. Founded in 1962, it has since expanded its network throughout California and into Massachusetts, New York, Texas, Washington, Illinois, New Jersey, Nevada, Maryland, and Hong Kong. Additionally, it has representative offices in Shanghai and Taipei.
Louis V, called the Brandenburger (May 1315 – 18 September 1361), a member of the House of Wittelsbach, ruled as Margrave of Brandenburg  from 1323 to 1351 and as Duke of Bavaria from 1347 until his death. From 1342 he also was co-ruling Count of Tyrol by his marriage with the "Meinhardiner" countess Margaret.
Miroslav Karhan (born 21 June 1976) is a retired Slovak football midfielder and manager.
Eschelbronn is a village with 2,597 inhabitants in the Rhein-Neckar district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is adjacent to Sinsheim.
Subbiano is a small town and "comune"  in the province of Arezzo, Tuscany, central Italy, on the left bank of the River Arno.
Turl Street is a historic street in central Oxford, England.
Abraham Adrian Albert (November 9, 1905 – June 6, 1972) was an American mathematician. In 1939, he received the American Mathematical Society's Cole Prize in Algebra for his work on Riemann matrices. 
Rami Sebei (born July 12, 1984) is a Canadian professional wrestler and humanitarian. He is currently signed to WWE, where he performs on the Raw brand under the ring name Sami Zayn.
KSNK, virtual channel 8 (VHF digital channel 12), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to McCook, Nebraska, United States. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group. KSNK's offices are located on U.S. 36 in northwestern Oberlin, Kansas, and its transmitter is located along U.S. 36 in rural northwestern Decatur County.
Osbald was a king of Northumbria during 796. He was a friend of Alcuin, a bishop from York who often sent him letters of advice.
The River Okement is a tributary of the River Torridge in Devon, England. It used to be known as the River Ock.
KFRN (1280 AM, "Family Radio") is a non-commercial traditional Christian radio station licensed to Long Beach, California and serving the Los Angeles market, which runs programming from Family Radio. Its transmitter is located in Wilmington, California.
Dengue Fever is an American band from Los Angeles who combine Cambodian rock and pop music of the 1960s and 70s with psychedelic rock and other world music styles.
FC Energetik-BGU Minsk is a Belarusian football club based in Minsk.
William Cameron Sproul (September 16, 1870 – March 21, 1928) was an American politician who served as a Republican member of the Pennsylvania State Senate from 1897 to 1919 and as the 27th Governor of Pennsylvania from 1919 to 1923. He also served as chair of the National Governors Association from 1919 to 1922.
Southern Broadcasting Network, Inc.  is a Filipino-owned media company based radio and television network based in Metro Manila. SBN is a subsidiary of Solar Entertainment Corporation, a Filipino-owned television company managed by the Tieng family.
The Arab Federation of Iraq and Jordan was a short-lived country that was formed in 1958 from the union of Iraq and Jordan. Although the name implies a federal structure, it was "de facto" a confederation.
The Oranges are a group of four municipalities in Essex County, New Jersey, all of which have the word Orange in their name. All of these communities were named for William III of Orange, Stadtholder of the Dutch Republic, and from 1689 till 1712 King of England, Ireland, and Scotland. The four municipalities are Orange, East Orange, South Orange and West Orange.
The New Jersey Symphony Orchestra  is an American symphony orchestra based in the state of New Jersey. The NJSO is the state orchestra of New Jersey, performing concert series in six venues across the state, and is the resident orchestra of the New Jersey Performing Arts Center  in Newark, New Jersey.
Taupo Airport  is a small airport to the south of Taupo township on the eastern shores of Lake Taupo, New Zealand.
The Sacramento Convention Center Complex is a complex of entertainment venues and a convention center located in downtown Sacramento, California. The complex consists of the Sacramento Convention Center, the Community Center Theater, the Sacramento Memorial Auditorium, and the Jean Runyon Little Theater at the Memorial Auditorium.
Anthony C. Higgins (October 1, 1840 – June 26, 1912) was a lawyer and politician from Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware. He was a veteran of the Civil War and a member of the Republican, who served as United States Senator from Delaware.
El Tri is a Mexican rock band from Mexico City fronted by Alex Lora. It is a spinoff of , formed in 1968. The group is regarded as influential in the development of Mexican rock music.
Benediktbeuern is a municipality in the district of Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen in Bavaria, Germany, 2 kilometers, or 1.25 miles from Bichl. The village has about 3,620 residents as of 31 December 2015.
San Juan Airlines is a commuter airline operating scheduled and charter flights in the U.S. state of Washington and the Canadian province of British Columbia. Its main base of operations is Bellingham near the San Juan Islands. 
Alex John Groza (October 7, 1926 – January 21, 1995) was an American professional basketball player from Martins Ferry, Ohio who was banned from the National Basketball Association  for life in 1951 for point shaving. This scandal was the CCNY point shaving scandal. 
Mitsuoka Motors is also the principal distributor of retro-classic TD2000 roadster in Japan.
Dugny is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the centre of Paris.
Tassilo Thierbach (born 21 May 1956) is a German former pair skater. With partner Sabine Baeß, he is the 1982 World champion and a two-time European champion (1982, 1983).
Abegondo is a municipality of Spain in the Province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It has an area of 83.72 km² (32.32 mi²), a population of 5,732 (2004 estimate) and a population density of 68.47 people/km² (177.35 people/mi²). 
Tuva Moa Matilda Karolina Novotny Hedström (born 21 December 1979), known as Tuva Novotny, is a Swedish actress, director, and singer.
Mark Daniel Parrish (born February 2, 1977) is an American former professional ice hockey right winger. Parrish has played 11 seasons and over 700 games in the NHL with the Florida Panthers, New York Islanders, Los Angeles Kings, Minnesota Wild, Dallas Stars, Tampa Bay Lightning, and Buffalo Sabres.
Ismael Urzaiz Aranda (; born 7 October 1971) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a centre forward.
KIOZ (105.3 MHz, "Rock 105.3") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to San Diego, California. It is owned by and broadcasts an active rock music format. KIOZ's studios are located in San Diego's Serra Mesa neighborhood on the northeast side, and the transmitter is located in La Jolla.
Royal Olympic Club de Charleroi-Marchienne, a.k.a. ROCCM, is a Belgian association football club from the city of Charleroi, Hainaut. As of 2010, they play in Belgian Third Division B.
Dethklok is a virtual melodic death metal band featured in the Adult Swim animated television series "Metalocalypse".
Bedworth United Football Club is a football club based in Bedworth, Warwickshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Oval.
Hugh Nelson (May 25, 1830 – March 3, 1893) was a Canadian parliamentarian and the fourth Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia.
Justin Steward Furstenfeld (born December 14, 1975) is a record producer, artist, author, and the lead singer, guitarist, and lyricist of the rock band Blue October.
Ramatuelle  is a commune in the Var department of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in Southeastern France. In 2016, it had a population of 2,077.
Southwestern Christian University was founded in 1946 as Southwestern Bible College in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and was the first Pentecostal educational institution in the state. While it was established as a Bible college for the training of Christian church leaders within the International Pentecostal Holiness Church, the denomination planned to quickly expand the school into a junior college. 
The Social Justice Party is a democratic and progressive political party in Egypt.
Carriacou is an island of the Grenadine Islands located in the southeastern Caribbean Sea, northeast of Grenada and the north coast of South America. The name is derived from the Carib language "Kayryouacou."
Trago Mills  is a chain of four department stores in south Cornwall and south Devon in England, and Merthyr Tydfil in Wales. It owns a site with an amusement park and some independent businesses, adjoining the store near Newton Abbot.
Lucky Stores is an American supermarket chain founded in San Leandro, California, in 1935. Lucky is currently operated by Save Mart Supermarkets in Northern California.
Collingwood Warriors was a professional association football team based in the eastern Melbourne of Abbotsford. It participated in the National Soccer League in 1996/97, lasting only a solitary season. 
Alvin Craig Harper (born July 6, 1967) is a former American football wide receiver who played in the National Football League. He played college football at Tennessee, and was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys in the first round of the 1991 NFL Draft. Harper played in Dallas for four years as the Cowboys won Super Bowl XXVII and Super Bowl XXVIII, twice against the Buffalo Bills.
The Analogs are a Polish street punk band. They originated in Szczecin, and are quite successful on the local and international punk rock scene.
B.E.F.  was a band/production company formed by former Human League members Martyn Ware and Ian Craig Marsh which became largely eclipsed by its best-known project, Heaven 17 .
David M. Glantz (born January 11, 1942) is an American military historian known for his books on the Red Army during World War II, and the chief editor of the "Journal of Slavic Military Studies".
Bruno Pittermann (born 3 September 1905 in Vienna; died 19 September 1983 in Vienna) was an Austrian social democrat politician. He served as both the chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Austria from 1957 to 1967, and the Vice Chancellor of Austria from 1957 to 1966. From 1964 to 1976, he was president of the Socialist International.
Yurii Ihorovych Andrukhovych (, born March 13, 1960) is a Ukrainian prose writer, poet, essayist, and translator.
Mayday , is a Taiwanese band that debuted in 1999 with five members, Monster , Ashin , Stone , Masa  and Guan You .
The Mayacamas Mountains are located in northwestern California in the United States. The mountain range is part of the Northern Inner Coast Ranges, of the California Coast Ranges System.
Ion Dissonance is a Canadian mathcore band from Montreal, Quebec. They are known for their technical style, and soon switched to a more groove based style with the release of their 2007 album "Minus the Herd".
WPHY-CD, virtual channel 25, is a digital Class A television station serving Mercer County, New Jersey, portions of Hunterdon, Burlington, Middlesex, and Somerset Counties in New Jersey. The station is an affiliate of the Sonlife Broadcasting Network. 
Eva Angelina (born March 14, 1985) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress, feature dancer, and real estate agent. She began her career at around 18 years old and has won several industry awards, including the 2008 AVN Award for Best Actress – Video and the 2008 XBIZ Award for Female Performer of the Year.
Antoine Gizenga (5 October 1925 – 24 February 2019) was a Congolese  politician who was the Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from 30 December 2006 to 10 October 2008. He was the Secretary-General of the Unified Lumumbist Party .
Jason Ryles (born 17 January 1979 in Wollongong, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s. A New South Wales State of Origin and Australia national representative forward, he played in the National Rugby League for the St. George Illawarra Dragons before going to the Super League and playing for French club Catalans Dragons. Ryles returned to Australia and played for the Sydney Roosters before finishing his career at the Melbourne Storm.
Chu Lai is a seaport, urban and industrial area in Núi Thành District, Quảng Nam Province, Vietnam. The city is served by Chu Lai International Airport. 
The Essex Green is an American indie rock band from Brooklyn, New York, United States, that has released four albums to date. The band is primarily composed of songwriters Jeff Baron, Sasha Bell and Chris Ziter, and specializes in a classic sound inspired by 1960s–1970s pop and folk in the tradition of bands like The Left Banke and Fairport Convention.
Giovanni Galbaio was the eighth Doge of Venice (787–804) according to tradition, but only the sixth historically verifiable one.
KBVO, virtual channel 14 (UHF digital channel 27), is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station serving Austin, Texas, United States that is licensed to Llano. The station is owned by the Nexstar Media Group, as part of a duopoly with Austin-licensed NBC affiliate KXAN-TV (channel 36); Nexstar also operates CW affiliate KNVA (channel 54) under a local marketing agreement  with owner Vaughan Media. 
Thorneloe University is a federated school of Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario.
Saint-Lunaire  is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
John Inglis and Company  was a Canadian firm which made weapons for the United Kingdom and British Commonwealth military forces during the World War II era, then became a major appliance company.
NCC AB is a Swedish construction company, the second largest in the Nordic region with annual revenues (2017) of 54,6 billion SEK and about 17 762 employees.
WHBC is an AM radio station in Canton, Ohio operating on 1480 kHz and featuring a mixed news/talk and sports talk format supplemented with sports play-by-play.
South Pacific Pictures is a television production company based in New Zealand. The company produces drama series, mini-series, telemovies and feature films for the domestic market and international market. 
Mahalapye is a town located in the Central District of Botswana.
Pepin II, called the Younger (823 – after 864 in Senlis), was King of Aquitaine from 838 as the successor upon the death of his father, Pepin I. Pepin II was eldest son of Pepin I and Ingeltrude, daughter of Theodobert, count of Madrie. He was a grandson of the Emperor Louis the Pious.
Horace Jeremiah "Jerry" Voorhis (April 6, 1901 – September 11, 1984) was a Democratic politician from California. He served five terms in the United States House of Representatives from 1937 to 1947, representing the 12th Congressional district in Los Angeles County. 
Zeng Peiyan (; born December 1938) is a Chinese politician. He was a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of China from 2002 to 2007 and was a Vice-premier from 2003 to 2008.
Emperor Xianzong (1181–1226), born Li Dewang , was the 9th emperor of the Western Xia (reigned 1223–1226). He was the second son of Emperor Shenzong who had abdicated to him.
CFMZ-FM ("The New Classical 96.3 FM") is a Canadian FM radio station licensed to Toronto, Ontario. Broadcasting on 96.3 MHz, the station is owned by ZoomerMedia and airs a classical music radio format. 
The Sangihe Islands  – – are a group of islands which constitute two regencies within the province of North Sulawesi, in northern Indonesia, the Sangihe Islands Regency  and the Sitaro Islands Regency . They are located north-east of Sulawesi between the Celebes Sea and the Molucca Sea, roughly halfway between Sulawesi and Mindanao, in the Philippines; the Sangihes form the eastern limit of the Celebes Sea. 
Richard Lionel Martin (; ; July 26, 1951March 13, 2011) was a Canadian professional ice hockey winger who played in the NHL with the Buffalo Sabres and Los Angeles Kings for 11 seasons between 1971 and 1982. He was most famous for playing on the Sabres' French Connection line with Gilbert Perreault and Rene Robert.
CJOI-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Rimouski, Quebec.
Tereza Moncheva Marinova (; born September 5, 1977 in Pleven) is a Bulgarian athlete who competed in long jump and triple jump.
Marshal Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco  (September 20, 1897 – July 18, 1967) was a Brazilian military leader and politician. He served as the first President of the Brazilian military government after the 1964 military coup d'etat. 
Royal Wootton Bassett Town Football Club are an English football club based in the town of Royal Wootton Bassett in Wiltshire.
Samuel Pearson Goddard III (born January 29, 1947) is an American attorney and politician. He served as the Mayor of Phoenix from 1984 to 1990, on the Central Arizona Water Conservation District from 2001 to 2003 and as the 24th Attorney General of Arizona from 2003 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Bourg-Madame  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.
The Mitchell River is a perennial river of the East Gippsland catchment, located in the Australian state of Victoria. The unregulated river provides a unique example of riparian ecology, flowing generally south with the catchment area drawing from the steep mountains of the Victorian Alps to enter Lake King, one of the Gippsland Lakes, and then empty into the Bass Strait.
Clem Snide is an alt-country band featuring Eef Barzelay , Brendan Fitzpatrick  and Ben Martin .
Jean-Baptiste Philibert Vaillant, 1st Comte Vaillant (6 December 1790 – 4 June 1872), born in Dijon, was a Marshal of France.
Steve Mandanda Mpidi (; born 28 March 1985) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Marseille and the France national team. He has represented France at five international tournaments: three UEFA European Championships (2008, 2012, and 2016) and two FIFA World Cups (2010 and 2018).
Rodney Elton, 2nd Baron Elton (born 2 March 1930) is a British politician and Conservative member of the House of Lords.
Conneaut Creek is a tributary of Lake Erie in northwestern Pennsylvania and northeastern Ohio in the United States. Via Lake Erie, the Niagara River and Lake Ontario, it is part of the watershed of the St. Lawrence River, which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
Sascha Maassen, born September 28, 1969, in Aachen, Germany) is a veteran sports car driver.
Reuben Hersh (born 1927) is an American mathematician and academic, best known for his writings on the nature, practice, and social impact of mathematics. This work challenges and complements mainstream philosophy of mathematics. 
The University of Rijeka  is in the city of Rijeka with faculties in cities throughout the regions of Primorje, Istria and Lika. 
The College of Central Florida is a public state college with campuses in Marion, Citrus, and Levy counties. The College of Central Florida is a member institution of the Florida College System.
Wade Andrew Williams (born December 24, 1961) is an American actor. He is known for his various character roles, and for his starring role as Brad Bellick on the Fox television series "Prison Break".
WMXD (92.3 MHz "Mix 92.3") is a commercial FM radio station in Detroit, Michigan, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. The station operates with 45,000 watts of power from an antenna located on the Cadillac Tower building in downtown Detroit. The studios and offices were housed for years at Detroit's Penobscot Building until November 2009, when they were moved to the Clear Channel Communications  studios in Farmington Hills.
The Colorado Republican Party is the state affiliate of the Republican Party in the U.S. state of Colorado. The party's headquarters is located in Greenwood Village, Colorado. The state party chair is U.S. Representative Ken Buck.
Alamagan is an island in the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean, north of Guguan, north of Saipan, and south of Pagan. It is currently uninhabited.
Joris Mathijsen (; born 5 April 1980) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a centre-back. Currently he is the director of football at Willem II.
Steffen Zesner (born 28 September 1967) is a former freestyle swimmer from Germany, who won a total number of four medals as a relay member at the Summer Olympics. His best result was a silver medal, on the 4×200 metres freestyle, alongside Uwe Dassler, Thomas Flemming, and Sven Lodziewski in Seoul, South Korea. He swam for SC Dynamo Berlin.
Kind of Like Spitting is an American indie rock band. They formed in 1996 in Portland, Oregon. The band is led by singer-songwriter Ben Barnett, whose work has drawn comparisons to Elliott Smith, Mark Eitzel, Billy Bragg, and Robert Pollard.
Brunete  is a town located on the outskirts of Madrid, Spain with a population of 10,730 people.
Ciclista Lima Association is a Peruvian football club, playing in the city of Lima. It is the second oldest club in Peru.
Corinne Dominique Marguerite Lepage (born 11 May 1951) is a French politician. She served as French Minister of the Environment in the Alain Juppé cabinets 1 and II 1995–1997 and as Member of the European Parliament  2009–2014 for the North-West constituency.
Princess Feodora of Leiningen (Anna Feodora Auguste Charlotte Wilhelmine; 7 December 1807 – 23 September 1872) was the only daughter of Emich Carl, Prince of Leiningen (1763–1814), and Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld (1786–1861). Feodora and her older brother Carl, 3rd Prince of Leiningen, were maternal half-siblings to Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom. She is a matrilineal ancestor of Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden and of Felipe VI of Spain.
Jaramana  is a city in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate in the Ghouta plain. Its location, 3 kilometers southeast of the Syrian capital, makes it a bustling town in the greater Damascus metropolitan area, with a mostly Christian and Druze population.
Oleh Mykolayovych Shelayev (, born 5 November 1976) is a Ukrainian international footballer who plays for Dnipro 1918
Fleury-les-Aubrais is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.
Lambersart is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Grangetown is a township in the borough of Redcar and Cleveland and the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire, England.
Carlo Lizzani (3 April 1922 – 5 October 2013) was an Italian film director, screenwriter and critic.
Leslie David Reed (24 July 1935 – 15 April 2019) was an English songwriter, arranger, musician and light-orchestra leader. His major songwriting partners were Gordon Mills, Barry Mason, and Geoff Stephens, although he wrote songs with many others such as Roger Greenaway, Roger Cook, Peter Callander, and Johnny Worth.
The Museum of Illumination and Heating Appliances  is a small, privately run museum adjacent to the Blue Mosque and Hagia Sophia in the Sultanahhmet neighbourhood of Eminönü in Istanbul, Turkey. 
SerialPod is a rock trio featuring Phish members Trey Anastasio and Mike Gordon and Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann. The group was formed after Kreutzmann and fellow Dead drummer Mickey Hart joined Anastasio onstage for several Dead classics during Anastasio's solo show at The Warfield in San Francisco on December 2, 2005.
Esther Freud (born 2 May 1963) is a British novelist.
Cho Joong-hoon (; born January 27, 1976), better known by his stage name Cho PD, is a South Korean record producer, rapper, and the founder of record label Stardom Entertainment. He debuted in 1998 and announced his retirement from music in 2010. 
Franz Konrad (born 8 June 1951 in Graz, Austria) is a former race driver and founder of Konrad Motorsport in 1976.
Igitkin Island  is a small island located in an area between Adak Island and Atka Island among other small islands. The island belongs to the Andreanof Islands of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska.
Johann Albrecht Widmannstetter, also called Widmannstadt, Johannes Albertus or Widmestadius, (1506 in Nellingen/Blaubeuren near Ulm – March 28, 1557 in Regensburg), was a German humanist, orientalist, philologist, and theologian.
Carlos Manuel Gonçalves Alonso, better known as Kali (born 11 October 1978 in Luanda) is an Angolan former footballer, who last played for Clube Desportivo Primeiro de Agosto.
Transdev Brisbane Ferries  is the operator of the Brisbane City Council's ferry network under the TransLink integrated public transport scheme on the Brisbane River.
Berkshire Hathaway Energy (previously known as MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company until 2014) is a holding company that is 90% owned by Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire has owned a controlling stake since 1999.
Nonouti is an atoll and district of Kiribati. The atoll is located in the South Gilbert Islands, 38 km north of Tabiteuea, and 250 km south of Tarawa. 
Kharimkotan ; Japanese 春牟古丹島; Harimukotan-tō, alternatively Harumukotan-tō or 加林古丹島; Karinkotan-tō) is an uninhabited volcanic island located from Onekotan near the northern end of the Kuril Islands chain in the Sea of Okhotsk in the northwest Pacific Ocean. Its name is derived from the Ainu language, from “village of many Cardiocrinum”.
Three Fish was an American rock band formed in 1994 by Pearl Jam's Jeff Ament. The lineup featured Ament, Robbi Robb of Tribe after Tribe, and Richard Stuverud of the Fastbacks and War Babies.
Jennifer Darling (born June 19, 1946) is an American actress and voice actress. Her best-known role on screen was as Peggy Callahan, the secretary to Oscar Goldman in the television series "The Six Million Dollar Man" and "The Bionic Woman". 
Goode Bryan (August 31, 1811 – August 16, 1885) was a planter, politician, military officer, and American Civil War general in the Confederate States Army. His brigade played a prominent role during the Battle of the Wilderness, fighting stubbornly until exhausting its ammunition.
Pablo Javier Zabaleta Girod (; born 16 January 1985) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a right back for English club West Ham United and the Argentina national team. Zabaleta can operate on both sides of the pitch as a full-back and is known for his tenacious style of play, and has captained his club on numerous occasions.
Giovanni Agnelli (13 August 1866 – 16 December 1945) was an Italian businessman, who founded Fiat car manufacturing in 1899.
OMV Petrol Ofisi A.Ş. is a Turkish fuel products distribution and lubricants company. It is owned by Austria's OMV.
Irvine  is a master-planned city in Orange County, California, United States in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. The Irvine Company started developing the area in the 1960s and the city was formally incorporated on December 28, 1971. 
The Australian Institute of Marine Science  is a tropical marine research centre located primarily at Cape Ferguson, Queensland, around outside of Townsville. Established in 1972 by the McMahon Government, the institute's primary function is research for sustainable use and protection of the marine environment. 
The University Museum and Art Gallery   is located at 90 Bonham Road, next to the University of Hong Kong's east gate entrance. The Fung Ping Shan Building houses the museum while the lower three storeys of the T T Tsui Building houses the art gallery. 
Welf VI (1115 – 15 December 1191) was the margrave of Tuscany (1152–1162) and duke of Spoleto (1152–1162), the third son of Henry IX, Duke of Bavaria, and a member of the illustrious family of the Welf. 
Ryu Jae-kuk (; ; born May 30, 1983 in Seoul, South Korea), also known as Jae Kuk Ryu, is a former Major League Baseball pitcher.
Al-Dhaid Cultural Sports Club  is a United Arab Emirates professional football  club. It is based in Dhaid, on the outskirts of the Emirate of Sharjah.
Dreieich is a town in the Offenbach district in the of Darmstadt in Hessen, Germany. The town is part of the Frankfurt Rhein-Main urban area and is located roughly south of downtown Frankfurt am Main. 
The Unity Broadcasting Network is an over-the-air religious television network. The company is headquartered in Booneville, Mississippi, and individual transmitter stations are located in Mississippi and Tennessee.
San Rafael is a city in the southern region of the Mendoza Province, Argentina. With more than 118,000 inhabitants , it is the largest city and the seat of San Rafael Department.
Lauroux is a commune in the Hérault département in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Eagle Island is in a national park in Queensland, Australia, 692 km north-west of Brisbane. The island is part of the Lizard Island Group and is south of Lizard Island situated 270 km north of Cairns, Queensland.
Al-Sailiya Sports Club  is a Qatari professional football club currently competing in the Qatar Stars League. They are based in Doha and play their home games at Ahmed bin Ali Stadium.
Else "Els" Borst-Eilers (; 22 March 1932 – 8 February 2014) was a Dutch politician of the Democrats 66 (D66) party and physician. She was granted the honorary title of Minister of State on 21 December 2012.
Benjamin "Benny" Gantz (; born 9 June 1959) is an Israeli politician. He served as the 20th Chief of General Staff of the Israel Defense Forces  from 2011 to 2015.
Grits, is a Christian hip hop group from Nashville, Tennessee. Their name is an acronym, which stands for "Grammatical Revolution In the Spirit." 
Humpy Bong was an English folk rock band formed in London in 1970 by former Bee Gees drummer Colin Petersen and Irish folk rock singer Jonathan Kelly.
Aleksandr Gavrilovich Abdúlov ("Russian:" Алекса́ндр Гаври́лович Абду́лов; May 29, 1953 – January 3, 2008) was a Soviet / Russian actor.
The Raukumara Range lies north of Gisborne, near East Cape in New Zealand's North Island. It forms part of the North Island's main mountain chain, which runs north-northeast from Wellington to East Cape, and is composed primarily of Cretaceous greywacke, argillites, siltstones and sandstones. 
Martin University is a private college in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was founded by Boniface Hardin and Jane Edward Schilling in 1977 to serve low-income, minority, and adult learners.
The Chaldean Democratic Union is a Christian democrat political party in Iraq and within Iraqi Kurdistan a component of the Kurdistani Alliance, designed to promote the Chaldean ethnicity and heritage. They had one member in the Iraqi National Assembly - Ablahad Afraim Sawa - who was elected in both January 2005 and December 2005. 
Alexander Stephen and Sons Limited, often referred to simply as Alex Stephens or just Stephens, was a Scottish shipbuilding company based in Linthouse, Glasgow, on the River Clyde.
Bergen Hospital Trust  is one of the five health trusts owned by the Western Norway Regional Health Authority.
William Pat Jennings (August 20, 1919 – August 2, 1994) was a United States Representative from Virginia.
WAVF is a commercial radio station located in Hanahan, South Carolina, broadcasting to the Charleston area on 101.7 FM. WAVF airs a variety hits music format branded as "Chuck FM." 
Beatrice of Savoy (c. 1198 – c. 1267) was the daughter of Thomas I of Savoy and Margaret of Geneva. She was Countess consort of Provence by her marriage to Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Provence.
Big Chico Creek originates near Colby Mountain, located in Tehama County, California. The creek flows to its confluence with the Sacramento River in Butte County. 
Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera  is a nonprofit professional theater company based in the Cultural District of Downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA. Despite its name, the organization presents musical theatre classics rather than opera. 
World Events Productions  is an American-based animation and distribution company in St. Louis, Missouri, best known for releasing the anime titles "Voltron, Defender of the Universe" and "Saber Rider and the Star Sheriffs", as well as producing the original animated series "Denver, the Last Dinosaur".
Jonathan Lomas (born 7 May 1968) is an English professional golfer.
Brenda Chapman (born November 1, 1962) is an American writer, animation story artist and director. In 1998, she became the first woman to direct an animated feature from a major studio, DreamWorks Animation's "The Prince of Egypt". She co-directed the Disney/Pixar film "Brave", becoming the first woman to win the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
Mehmed "Meho" Kodro (born 12 January 1967) is a Bosnian retired footballer who played as a striker, and is a manager.
Bukhara International Airport is an airport serving Bukhara, the capital city of the Bukhara Region in Uzbekistan.
Great Neva or Bolshaya Neva  is the largest armlet of Neva River. It starts near the Spit of Vasilievsky Island .
Mendeleyevsk  is a town and the administrative center of Mendeleyevsky District in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the right bank of Nizhnekamskoye Reservoir, from the republic's capital of Kazan. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 22,075.
The University of Koblenz and Landau  is a university located in Koblenz and Landau, Germany. It was founded in 1990.
Cotabato Airport  also known as Awang Airport is an airport serving the general area of Cotabato City, North Cotabato and Maguindanao, located in the province of Maguindanao in the Philippines. It is classified as a Class 1 principal  airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of all airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.
William Bradley DuVall (born September 6, 1967) is an American musician, best known as the current co-lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist for the rock band Alice in Chains. DuVall joined Alice in Chains in 2006, replacing the band's original lead singer Layne Staley, who died in 2002, and sharing vocal duties with guitarist/vocalist Jerry Cantrell. To date, DuVall has recorded three albums with the band, 2009's "Black Gives Way to Blue", 2013's "The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here", and 2018's "Rainier Fog".
Francisco B. Reyes Airport , formerly Busuanga Airport , is an airport serving the general area of Coron, located on Busuanga Island in the province of Palawan, the Philippines. It is also shared with the neighboring municipality of Busuanga, located on the western half of the island. 
Paulton Rovers Football Club are an English football club based at the Athletic Field on Winterfield Road in the growing village of Paulton near Bristol. They were established in 1881 and currently play in the Southern Football League Division One West. 
Football Club Swift Hesperange  is a football club, based in Hesperange, in southern Luxembourg.
The South River is a tributary of the Chesapeake Bay in Anne Arundel County, Maryland in the United States. It lies south of the Severn River, east of the Patuxent River, and north of the West River and Rhode River, and drains to the Chesapeake Bay.
Boise Bible College  is a private Christian college in Boise, Idaho. The college focuses on training students to serve in variety of ministry careers.
Egon Franke (11 April 1913 – 26 April 1995) was a German politician and a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He was Federal Minister for Intra-German Relations from 1969 to 1982 and Vice Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1982. 
Kleczew is a town in Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, western-central Poland.
The Central West is a region of New South Wales, Australia. The region is geographically in eastern New South Wales, in the area west of the Blue Mountains, which are west of Sydney. It has an area of .
The Museum of Childhood is a collection of children's toys and playthings, situated on the Royal Mile, in Edinburgh, Scotland. It was the first museum in the world to specialise in the history of childhood.
Isla de Cabras  is an islet located at the entrance of the San Juan bay in Puerto Rico.
Stirling Lions Soccer Club  is an Australian soccer club based in Perth, Australia, currently competing in the National Premier Leagues Western Australia which is one grade lower than the Australian A-League.
San Fernando Airport  is an airport serving the general area of San Fernando, located in the province of La Union in the Philippines. The airport is classified as a community airport by the Civil Aviation Authority of the Philippines, a body of the Department of Transportation and Communications that is responsible for the operations of not only this airport but also of all other airports in the Philippines except the major international airports.
Ahmad Al-Dokhi Al-Dossary  (born 25 October 1976) is a former Saudi Arabian footballer who last played as a defender for Al-Nassr.
Virac Airport  is the only airport serving the island province of Catanduanes in the Philippines. It is located in the capital, Virac. 
Clear Water Bay Peninsula , is a peninsula in Sai Kung District, Hong Kong. The peninsula separates Junk Bay from Port Shelter.
SOCO International plc is an international oil and gas exploration and production company, headquartered in London. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
The University of West Bohemia  is a university in Pilsen, Czech Republic. It was founded in 1991 and consists of nine faculties.
San Pietro Val Lemina is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin, part of the Piedmont region, northern Italy. It takes its name from the Lemina torrent, which flows in its territory.
Seleucia , also known as or , was a major Mesopotamian city of the Seleucid, Parthian, and Sasanian empires. It stood on the west bank of the Tigris River opposite Ctesiphon, within the present-day Baghdad Governorate in Iraq.
El Paso Patriots was an American soccer team based in El Paso, Texas, United States. Founded in 1989, the team played in the Premier Development League , the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, in the Mid South Division of the Southern Conference.
Lucas Industries plc was a Birmingham-based British manufacturer of motor industry and aerospace industry components. Once prominent, it was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was formerly a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. In August 1996, Lucas merged with the American Varity Corporation to form LucasVarity plc.
Amkor Technology, Inc. is a semiconductor product packaging and test services provider. The company has been headquartered in Tempe, Arizona, since 2005, when it was moved from West Chester, Pennsylvania, United States. 
Dundee Airport  is located from the centre of Dundee, Scotland or, for navigation purposes, south of the city. It lies on the shore of the Firth of Tay and overlooks the Tay Rail Bridge.
Zhang Lianwei (; born 2 May 1965) is a Chinese professional golfer.
Dorothy DeLay (March 31, 1917 – March 24, 2002) was an American violin instructor, primarily at the Juilliard School, Sarah Lawrence College, and the University of Cincinnati.
The Australian National Maritime Museum  is a federally operated maritime museum in Darling Harbour, Sydney. After considering the idea of establishing a maritime museum, the federal government announced that a national maritime museum would be constructed at Darling Harbour, tied into the New South Wales State government's redevelopment of the area for the Australian bicentenary. 
Robert Jesse Pulford (born March 31, 1936) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey forward who played for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Los Angeles Kings in the National Hockey League. He later served as head coach of the Kings before spending 30 years with the Chicago Blackhawks as a coach or executive.
Eyesburn is a Serbian band which combines hardcore punk and crossover thrash with reggae music.
Admiral Sir George Back (6 November 1796 – 23 June 1878) was a British Royal Navy officer, explorer of the Canadian Arctic, naturalist and artist. He was born in Stockport. 
Mytishchi  is a city and the administrative center of Mytishchinsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, which lies to the northeast of Russia's capital Moscow, on the Yauza River and the Moscow–Yaroslavl railway. Population: 173,160 (2010 Census).
Adam Paul Scott (born April 3, 1973) is an American actor, comedian, producer, and podcaster. He is known for his role as Ben Wyatt in the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation" for which he was nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actor in a Comedy Series in 2013. He has also appeared as Derek in the film "Step Brothers", Johnny Meyer in "The Aviator", Henry Pollard in the Starz sitcom "Party Down", Ed Mackenzie in the HBO series "Big Little Lies", Adam Yates, Jr. in "Hot Tub Time Machine 2", and Trevor in the NBC series "The Good Place".
Ricky Lynn Phillips (born October 7, 1952) is an American bass guitarist and a member of the rock band Styx since 2003. He has also played in Nasty Habit, as a member of The Babys and Bad English, and with Coverdale-Page and Ted Nugent.
Jeannette Mary Schmidt (born November 29, 1951) is a former U.S. Representative for , serving from 2005 to 2013. She is a member of the Republican Party.
The Party of Democratic Progress  is a Serbian political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the third-largest party in Republika Srpska.
The Ortler Alps  are a mountain range of the mountain group in the Central Eastern Alps, in Italy and Switzerland.
Mikhail Vartanov (, , ; b. February 21, 1937, RSFSR, Soviet Union, now Russian Federation, d. December 31, 2009, Hollywood, California) was a film director, cinematographer, documentarian, essayist, photographer and artist who developed a style of documentary filmmaking termed the "direction of undirected action."
Pescopagano  is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the region of Basilicata . It is bounded by the comuni of Cairano, Calitri, Castelgrande, Castelnuovo di Conza, Conza della Campania, Laviano, Rapone, Sant'Andrea di Conza, Santomenna.
WXNY-FM (96.3 FM "La X 96.3") is a commercial radio station that broadcasts a Spanish language format. It is licensed to New York City, and serves the New York metropolitan area. WXNY is owned by Uforia Audio Network and its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building in Midtown Manhattan.
Samuel Davis Dalembert (born May 10, 1981) is a former Haitian-Canadian professional basketball player who last played for the Shanxi Zhongyu of the Chinese Basketball Association . He played college basketball for Seton Hall University. He is known for his shot blocking ability.
Prince August Wilhelm Heinrich Günther Viktor of Prussia (29 January 1887 – 25 March 1949), called "Auwi", was the fourth son of Wilhelm II, German Emperor by his first wife, Augusta Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein. He is largely remembered today for his support of Nazism and of Adolf Hitler.
Maleny is a town and a locality in the Sunshine Coast Region of the Australian state of Queensland. 
Berezniki  is a city in Perm Krai, Russia, located on the banks of the Kama River, in the Ural Mountains. Population: 
Egg were an English progressive rock band formed in January 1969.
Mikhail Vasilyevich Nesterov (; , Ufa – 18 October 1942, Moscow) was a Russian and Soviet painter; associated with the Peredvizhniki and Mir Iskusstva. He was one of the first exponents of Symbolist art in Russia.
Susanna Thompson (born January 27, 1958) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in films "Little Giants" (1994), "Ghosts of Mississippi" (1996), "Random Hearts" (1999) and "Dragonfly" (2002). 
Zayed Abbas Khan (born 5 July 1980) is an Indian actor and producer who appears in Hindi films. He has received a Filmfare Award nomination and is the son of Bollywood actor Sanjay Khan.
KXNT (840 kHz) is an AM radio station licensed to North Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. It is owned by Entercom and carries a talk radio format The station's studios are located in the unincorporated Clark County area of Spring Valley, while KXNT's transmitter is located near Nellis Air Force Base and serves the greater Las Vegas metropolitan area.
KDFX-CD, virtual channel 33.2 (UHF digital channel 39), is a low-powered, Class A Fox-affiliated television station licensed to both Indio and Palm Springs, California, United States and serving the Coachella Valley in California's Inland Empire. Owned by the News-Press & Gazette Company, it is a sister station to Palm Springs-licensed ABC affiliate KESQ-TV (channel 42), Cathedral City-licensed Class A CBS affiliate KPSP-CD (channel 38), Palm Springs-licensed low-powered CW affiliate KCWQ-LD (channel 2), and Indio-licensed low-powered Telemundo affiliate KUNA-LP (channel 15). 
Robert James Gilbert Anderson (15 September 1922 – 1 January 2012) was an English Olympic fencer and a renowned film fight choreographer, with a cinema career that spanned more than 50 years and included films such as "Highlander", "The Princess Bride", "The Mask of Zorro", "The Lord of the Rings", and "Die Another Day". He was regarded as the premier choreographer of Hollywood sword-fighting, and during his career he coached many actors in swordsmanship, including Errol Flynn, Sean Connery, Antonio Banderas, Viggo Mortensen, Adrian Paul, and Johnny Depp. He also appeared as a stunt double for Darth Vader's lightsaber battles in "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi".
Sarah Catharine Paulson (born December 17, 1974) is an American actress, director, and producer. She has received numerous accolades, including a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award. 
The Republican Christian Party  is a political party in Ukraine registered July 1997.
Unity  is a political party in Ukraine created in 1999 as a protest. The party was led by the former mayor of Kiev Oleksandr Omelchenko but in early 2008, he temporally halted his party membership in favor of a membership of Our Ukraine-Peoples Self Defence.
Bijelo Polje  is a town in northeastern Montenegro on the Lim River. It has an urban population of 15,400 (2011 census). 
Patriarch Pimen (, born Sergey Mikhailovich Izvekov, Сергей Михайлович Извеков; – May 3, 1990), was the 14th Patriarch of Moscow and the head of the Russian Orthodox Church from 1970 to 1990.
Wilton Burton "Jerry" Persons (January 19, 1896 – September 5, 1977) served as the White House Chief of Staff to President Dwight D. Eisenhower from October 7, 1958 until January 20, 1961.
Mickey Jones (June 10, 1941 — February 7, 2018) was an American musician and actor. His career as a drummer had him backing up acts such as Trini Lopez, Johnny Rivers, and Kenny Rogers and The First Edition, as well as Bob Dylan on his 1966 world tour. 
Salihli is a large town and district of Manisa Province in the Aegean region of Turkey.
DeviceLogics is a startup company in Lindon, Utah, USA, founded in November 2002. Bryan Wayne Sparks co-founded DeviceLogics, and acquired DR-DOS from the Canopy Group, a Utah technology venture group. 
The National Iranian Oil Company , a government-owned corporation under the direction of the Ministry of Petroleum of Iran, is a national oil and natural gas producer and distributor headquartered in Tehran. It was established in 1948 and reinforced under The Consortium Agreement of 1954. NIOC ranks as the world's second largest oil company, after Saudi Arabia's state-owned Aramco.
The Democrats  is a liberal, unionist political party in Greenland.
Chieti  is a city, and "municipality", in Southern Italy, east by northeast of Rome. It is the capital of the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region.
Social Democratic Party of Montenegro , or just the Social Democratic Party  is a centre-left political party in Montenegro. It is the only party in Montenegro to have full membership in the Socialist International.
Andrew Alan "Drew" Fuller (born May 19, 1980) is an American actor and former male model. He is best known for his portrayal of Chris Halliwell in the television series "Charmed" and for playing soldier Trevor LeBlanc on Lifetime's "Army Wives".
The Phoenix Party was a short-lived left-wing political party in New Zealand. 
Relient K is an American rock band formed in 1998 in Canton, Ohio, by Matt Thiessen, Matt Hoopes, and Brian Pittman during the band members' third year in high school and their time at Malone University. The band is named after guitarist Hoopes' automobile, a Plymouth Reliant K car, with the spelling intentionally altered to avoid trademark infringement over the "Reliant" name.
CHEZ-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting a mainstream rock format at 106.1 FM in Ottawa, Ontario. The station uses its on-air brand name as 106.1 CHEZ and is owned by Rogers Media. 
Sir Frederick Whitaker (23 April 1812 – 4 December 1891) was an English-born New Zealand politician who served twice as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and six times as Attorney-General.
The Democratic Ashkali Party of Kosovo  is an Ashkali political party in Kosovo.
The Turkish Democratic Party of Kosovo  is a conservative political party in Kosovo that represents the Turkish minority. It is led by Mahir Yağcılar, the Minister of Environment and Spatial Planning in Hashim Thaçi government.
WPEG (97.9 FM, ""Power 98"") is a mainstream urban radio station serving the Charlotte, North Carolina market. It is owned by Beasley Broadcast Group. The station's studios are located on South Boulevard in the city's South End, and a transmitter tower is located north of Dallas, North Carolina.
Aukrug is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated approximately 13 km west of Neumünster, and 35 km southwest of Kiel.
The University of Teramo  is an Italian public research university located in Teramo, Italy. The academic institution was officially established in 1993 after having been a detached section of the D'Annunzio University of Chieti–Pescara for over 30 years.
Ventura College is a California-state funded community college located in Ventura, California, USA. Established in 1925, the college has a campus with an enrollment of 13,763 students. The college is part of the Ventura County Community College District.
Birregurra is a town in Victoria, Australia approximately south-west of Melbourne. The town is divided between the Shire of Colac Otway and the Surf Coast Shire. At the 2016 census, Birregurra had a population of 828.
Prof Johannes Herman Frederik Umbgrove HFRSE (February 5, 1899 Hulsberg (Limburg) – June 14, 1954 Wassenaar), called in short Jan Umbgrove, was a Dutch geologist and Earth scientist.
Tingwall Airport , also known as Lerwick/Tingwall Airport, is located in the Tingwall valley, near the village of Gott, northwest of Lerwick on the mainland island of the Shetland, Scotland. Although it is the nearest airport to Lerwick, it is not Shetland's main airport, which is at Sumburgh. 
Piperi  is a Greek island in the Northern Sporades. It is administratively part of the municipality of Alonnisos and, after Skyros, is the Sporades' easternmost island. , the resident population of the island was 6.
Eggebek  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated approximately 17 km northwest of Schleswig, and 18 km south of Flensburg.
Schafflund  is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated approximately 16 km west of Flensburg.
New York Nationals were a New York City soccer team which played in the American Soccer League between 1927 and 1930. A New York Nationals team also played in the United Soccer League in 1984.
KPTM, virtual channel 42 (UHF digital channel 26), is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Omaha, Nebraska, United States and also serving Council Bluffs, Iowa. The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group, which also operates CW affiliate KXVO (channel 15) under a local marketing agreement  with owner Mitts Telecasting Company. 
Radio Crne Gore is a radio station in Montenegro. It is part of Radio Televizija Crne Gore . Radio Crne Gore broadcasts from Podgorica.
Metropolitan Airport was a privately owned, private-use airport located in the town of Palmer, in Hampden County, Massachusetts, USA. It has one runway, averaged 22 flights per day, and had approximately 24 aircraft based on its field.
Cervia  is an affluent seaside resort town in the province of Ravenna, located in the Northern region of Italy Emilia-Romagna.
Yurga  is a town in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia, located on the Tom River. Population: 
Andrew Poysell "Andy" Ireland (born August 23, 1930) was a U.S. Representative from Florida.
Tinian International Airport , also known as West Tinian Airport, is a public airport located on Tinian Island in the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. This airport is owned by Commonwealth Ports Authority.
San Joaquin College of Law  is a private law school in Clovis, California. It was founded in Fresno in 1969 by Fresno County Municipal Court Judge Dan Eymann, U.S. District Court Judge Oliver Wanger, and attorney John Loomis. 
The Ventura River, in western Ventura County in southern California, United States, flows from its headwaters to the Pacific Ocean. The smallest of the three major rivers in Ventura County, it flows through the steeply sloped, narrow Ventura Valley, with its final through the broader Ventura River estuary, which extends from where it crosses under a 101 Freeway bridge through to the Pacific Ocean.
The Baltimore St. Gerards were an American soccer club based in Baltimore, Maryland that was a member of the American Soccer League.
Ariza Makukula (born 4 March 1981) is a Portuguese former footballer who played as a centre forward.
Congress , is a political party in Kerala, India, formed after the split in Nationalist Congress Party in Kerala. It is led by Kadannappalli Ramachandran. It had one MLA, Kadannappalli Ramachandran from Kannur district.
The Vita-Salute San Raffaele University  is a private university in Milan, Italy. It was founded in 1996 and is organized in three departments; Medicine, Philosophy and Psychology.
The Thredbo River, a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment, is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.
KTTH (770 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station in Seattle, Washington. It is owned by Bonneville International and airs a conservative talk radio format. The station's transmitter is on Vashon Island, while its studios are located in Seattle's Eastlake district.
The is a contemporary art museum in Koto, Tokyo, Japan. The museum is located in Kiba Park. It was opened in 1995.
Bridgewater is a town in the Australian state of South Australia located in the Adelaide Hills to the south-east of the Adelaide city centre.
Yasmina Khadra  is the pen name of the Algerian author Mohammed Moulessehoul (, born January 10, 1955, in Kénadsa, Béchar Province, Algeria).
The IULM University - Milan  is a university located in Milan, Italy. It was founded in 1968 and is organized in 4 Faculties.
Sopore known as Suyyapur in antiquity, is a town in the Baramulla district of Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is north-west of Srinagar, and south-west from the city of Baramulla.
The Eisch  is a river flowing through Belgium and Luxembourg, joining the Alzette on its left in Mersch. It flows through the towns of Eischen, Hobscheid, Septfontaines, and Marienthal.
WBKS (93.9 FM, "93-9 Kiss FM"), owned by , is a radio station serving Lima, Ohio with a Top 40  format. Its studios are located with WIMA , WIMT-FM, WZRX-FM, and WMLX-FM on West Market Street in Lima. 
Ricky Walden (born 11 November 1982) is an English professional snooker player from Bagillt.
Montelepre  is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, Sicily, Italy. It is known for having been the native city of Sicilian bandit Salvatore Giuliano, of architect Rosario Candela, as well as the ancestral homeland of the American singer, actor, and congressman Sonny Bono, whose father Santo Bono was born in the town. 
Bantva-Manavadar or Manavadar State  was a princely state during the era of the British Raj in India. It was located on the Kathiawar peninsula in Gujarat. 
David Donohue (born January 5, 1967 in Morristown, New Jersey) is an American race car driver formerly active in the Grand-Am's Rolex Sports Car Series Daytona Prototype class for Action Express Racing and participant in the Pikes Peak races.
Catacaos is a town in the Piura Province, Piura Region, Peru. It is known for its gastronomy and crafts .
Arenzano  is a coastal town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa, Liguria, northern Italy, facing the Ligurian Sea. , it has a population of 11,445. 
Chancey is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Arzignano is an industrial town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is located c. 23 km from Vicenza, in the Valle del Chiampo.
Hervelinghen is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Khong Khola River is a small perennial river near the town of Darjeeling, in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Ahmed Mohamed Shafik Zaki (, ; born 25 November 1941) is an Egyptian politician and a former candidate for the presidency of Egypt. He was a senior commander in the Egyptian Air Force and later served as Prime Minister of Egypt from 29 January 2011 to 3 March 2011.
The Pink Spiders are an American rock band, formed in Nashville, Tennessee in 2003. The band consists of Matt Friction , JoCo , and Joey B-Side .
Peter Tim Verbeek (born 12 March 1956), more commonly known as Pim Verbeek is a Dutch football manager who last coached Oman national football team. Verbeek is currently a part of the board of Sparta Rotterdam. 
Julius Ludwig Weisbach (born 10 August 1806 in Mittelschmiedeberg (now Mildenau Municipality), Erzgebirge, died 24 February 1871, Freiberg) was a German mathematician and engineer.
Lorenzo di Bonaventura (; born January 13, 1957) is an American film producer of Italian origin and founder and owner of Di Bonaventura Pictures. He is known for producing the "Transformers" film series.
Genthin  is a town in Jerichower Land district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Herluin de Conteville (1001–1066), also sometimes listed as Herlwin of Conteville, was the stepfather of William the Conqueror, and the father of Odo of Bayeux and Robert, Count of Mortain, both of whom became prominent during William's reign. He died in 1066, the year his stepson conquered England.
KQMV (92.5 MHz, "Movin' 92.5") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Bellevue, Washington, and serving the Seattle-Tacoma-Puget Sound radio market. The Hubbard Broadcasting, Inc. outlet airs a Top 40  radio format. 
Yogyakarta State University  is a state university established in Yogyakarta, Indonesia in 1964.
Michael Patrick Driscoll (August 8, 1939 – October 24, 2017) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the seventh Bishop of Boise. 
Freyburg is a town in the Burgenlandkreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is situated on the river Unstrut, 9 km northwest of Hanseatic Naumburg, 63 km from Leipzig and 231 km from Berlin. 
Sammul Chan Kin-fung (born 4 May 1978) is a British Hong Kong, actor, singer, and presenter.
Mansfeld, sometimes also unofficially Mansfeld-Lutherstadt, is a town in the district of Mansfeld-Südharz, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Shantelle Larissa Malawski (born January 26, 1986) is a retired Canadian professional wrestler best known for working for impact Wrestling under the ring name Taylor Wilde.
ORF 1 is an Austrian television channel. It was the first television channel in Austria, started in 1955.
CRRC Zhuzhou Locomotive Co., Ltd. is one of the electric locomotive manufacturers in China. It is one of the subsidiaries of CRRC.
Milo of Trier (d. 762 or 763) was the son of St. Leudwinus and his successor as Archbishop of Trier and Archbishop of Reims. His great-uncle Saint Basinus had preceded his father as Trier. 
Libba Bray (born Martha Elizabeth Bray; March 11, 1964) is an American writer of young adult novels including the Gemma Doyle Trilogy, "Going Bovine", and "The Diviners".
Rudolf Kompfner (May 16, 1909 – December 3, 1977) was an Austrian-born engineer and physicist, best known as the inventor of the traveling-wave tube .
Woorabinda is an Aboriginal community in Central Queensland, Australia, inland about two hours' west drive of Rockhampton. At the 2006 census, Woorabinda had a population of 851.
Chirag United Club Kerala, formerly Viva Kerala Football Club, was an Indian professional football club based in the city of Kochi, Kerala India. The club was originally formed in 2004, as Viva Kerala FC. 
The Kearny Scots are an American soccer club based in Kearny, New Jersey. The club presently plays in the North Jersey Soccer League, which is a United States Adult Soccer Association-affiliated league, making up the fifth-tier of the American soccer pyramid. 
WABG-TV is a dual ABC/Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Greenwood, Mississippi, United States and serving the Delta area of Northwestern Mississippi. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 32 (or virtual channel 6 via PSIP) from a transmitter located northeast of Inverness. 
King Minjung of Goguryeo (? – 48, r. 44–48) was the fourth ruler of Goguryeo, the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.
The term bateria means “drum kit” in Portuguese and Spanish. In Brazil, the word is also used for a form of Brazilian samba band, the percussion band or rhythm section of a Samba School. 
RDS Arena is a multi-purpose sports stadium, owned by the Royal Dublin Society  and located in the Dublin suburb of Ballsbridge, Ireland.
United Petrotrin Football Club was a football club from Trinidad and Tobago and a former member of the TT Pro League of Trinidad. It was dissolved in 2009.
Yawning Man is an American experimental rock band from La Quinta, California, United States. The band originally formed in 1986, although they released no studio recordings until 2005. 
Charles Ezra Daniel (November 11, 1895September 13, 1964) was a United States Senator from South Carolina and founder of Daniel International Corporation.
Tishman Speyer Properties is an American company that invests in real estate.
Margaret of England (29 September 1240 – 26 February 1275) was Queen of Scots by marriage to King Alexander III.
Football Club Mika , commonly known as Mika, is a defunct Armenian football club from the capital Yerevan. It was owned by the Mika Corporation LLC headed by the Russia-based Armenian businessman Mikhail Baghdasarov. 
Maryam Namazie (; born 1966) is a British-Iranian secularist and human rights activist, commentator, and broadcaster.
The Grand River is a tributary of Lake Erie, 102.7 miles (165.3 km) long, in northeastern Ohio in the United States. Via Lake Erie, the Niagara River and Lake Ontario, it is part of the watershed of the St. Lawrence River, which flows to the Atlantic Ocean. It drains an area of 712 mi² (1844 km²).
Prazzo is "comune" of the province of Cuneo, in Piedmont, northern Italy.
The Admiralty Embankment ) or Admiralty Quay is a street along the Neva River in Central Saint Petersburg, named after the Admiralty Board.
Admiral Frederick Beauchamp Paget Seymour, 1st Baron Alcester, (12 April 1821 – 30 March 1895) was a British naval commander. He was Commander-in-Chief of the Channel Fleet between 1874 and 1877 and of the Mediterranean Fleet between 1880 and 1883.
Zaozyorsk , formerly known as Zaozyorny , Severomorsk-7 , and Murmansk-150 , is a closed town in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 11,199; down from 12,687 recorded in the 2002 Census.
Columbia College, also known as Columbia College of Missouri, is a private non-profit independent liberal arts and sciences college based in Columbia, Missouri, United States. It was founded in 1851 as a nonsectarian college but it has retained a covenant with the Christian Church  since its inception. 
Arcadia is a suburb in Pretoria, South Africa that is known for its historical buildings, embassies and hotels. The Union Buildings and the President's residence are also situated here.
Michael Edward Love (born March 15, 1941) is an American singer and songwriter who co-founded the Beach Boys. Characterized by his nasal and sometimes baritone singing, Love has been one of the band's vocalists and lyricists for their entire career, contributing to each of their studio albums and serving as their frontman for live performances. He is the cousin of bandmates Brian, Carl and Dennis Wilson, and is often regarded as a malign figure in the group's history, a reputation he acknowledges: "For those who believe that Brian walks on water, I will always be the Antichrist."
The Senate is the upper house of the South Dakota State Legislature. It is made up of 35 members, one representing each legislative district, and meets at the South Dakota State Capitol in Pierre.
Marist Football Club, formerly known as Marist Fire Football Club, is a Solomon Islands football club based in Honiara.
Christopher Grant Champlin (April 12, 1768March 18, 1840) was a United States Representative and Senator from Rhode Island.
Charles "Dominique" Joseph Bouligny (August 22, 1773March 4, 1833) was a lawyer and politician, elected as U.S. Senator from Louisiana, serving 1824 to 1829. He had earlier served in the state House of Representatives. 
Sadovaya Street or Garden Street is a major thoroughfare in Saint Petersburg, Russia, passing through the historic city center. 
Hatfield Town Football Club is a football club based in Hatfield, Hertfordshire. They are currently members of the and play at Birchwood Leisure Centre.
Aragona  is a commune in the province of Agrigento, Sicily, southern Italy. It is northeast of Agrigento. 
Deer Creek is a southwestward-flowing stream in Northern California that flows through Tehama County, California. It is an eastside tributary of the Sacramento River. 
Sven Erik Kristiansen (born 4 February 1969) is a Norwegian musician. He is best known as the former vocalist in the black metal band Mayhem under the stage name Maniac.
The University of Mosul is a public university located in Mosul. It is one of the largest educational and research centers in the Middle East, and the second largest in Iraq, behind the University of Baghdad.
WLOL (1330 AM) is a radio station in the Twin Cities region of Minnesota. It is part of the Relevant Radio Christian network.
Bamenda, also known as Abakwa and Mankon Town, is a city in northwestern Cameroon and capital of the Northwest Region. The city has a population of about 2 million people and is located north-west of the Cameroonian capital, Yaoundé. 
Ceol  was King of Wessex from 592 to 597.
Henderson Beach State Park is a Florida State Park located near Destin, in northwestern Florida. The address is 17000 Emerald Coast Parkway.
Steven McManaman (born 11 February 1972) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder for Liverpool, Real Madrid and Manchester City. McManaman is the most decorated English footballer to have played for a club abroad, with the UEFA website stating that "of all England's footballing exports in the modern era, none was as successful as McManaman". He is currently a co-commentator on ESPN and BT Sport's football coverage.
Germiston is a small city in the East Rand region of Gauteng, South Africa, administratively forming part of the City of Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality since the latter's establishment in 2000. It functions as the municipal seat of Ekurhuleni, hosting the municipal council and administration.
SoftBank Capital is a venture capital group in the United States, focusing on technology and telecom early stage businesses. It was founded by SoftBank. 
Harman Kardon  is a division of Stamford-based Harman International Industries, a subsidiary of South Korean firm Samsung Electronics, and manufactures home and car audio equipment. It was its original division, founded in 1953 by Sidney Harman and Bernard Kardon.
Granite Island, also known by the Ramindjeri people as Nulcoowarra, is a small island next to Victor Harbor, South Australia, about 80 km south of South Australia's capital city, Adelaide. 
Clocolan, established in 1906, is a small town in the Free State Province of South Africa. The Basotho called the place Hlohlolwane . 
Petrus Steyn is a small farming town between Tweeling and Kroonstad, 35 km north-east of Lindley in the Free State province of South Africa. It is at the centre of an agricultural area known for wheat, maize, sunflower, potato, cattle,sheep production and forms part of the breadbasket in the Free State.It is the highest town above sea level in the Free State
The Egan Islands or Egan Atoll, also known as Six Iles, is an uninhabited atoll administered by the United Kingdom. They are one of the few emerged coral atolls that make up the Chagos Archipelago, British Indian Ocean Territory.
The Brothers or Mo To Chau  consist of two islands in Hong Kong, Siu Mo To  and Tai Mo To . The two islands have been leveled to avoid affecting aviation of the nearby Hong Kong International Airport. Administratively, they are under the jurisdiction of Tuen Mun District.
Rudolph I (859 – October 25, 912) was King of Upper Burgundy from his election in 888 until his death.
KTCZ-FM (97.1 FM) is an Alternative Rock/Hot AC radio station broadcasting to the Twin Cities market of Minnesota and neighboring Wisconsin. The station is owned and operated by iHeartMedia and transmits from a tower located in Shoreview, Minnesota. Its studios are in St. Louis Park.
Little Ilford is a district of London, England in the London Borough of Newham and the name of a ward in that borough.
Hoelun  was the mother of Genghis Khan and the wife of his father Yesügei, the chief of the Khamag Mongol confederation. Much of the current knowledge about her life comes from "The Secret History of the Mongols".
Kerstin Lillemor Ekman, née Hjorth, (born 27 August 1933 in Risinge, Finspång, Östergötland County) is a Swedish novelist.
Andrew Ivan Bell (born 25 April 1964) is the lead singer of the English synth-pop duo Erasure. His solo career includes the albums "Non-Stop", "Electric Blue", and "iPop".
Kevin John Conway (born May 29, 1942) is an American actor and film director.
Marshall Amplification is an English company that designs and manufactures music amplifiers, speaker cabinets, brands personal headphones and earphones, and, having acquired Natal Drums, drums and bongos. It was founded by drum shop owner and drummer Jim Marshall, and is now based in Bletchley, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire.
Johann Centurius Hoffmann Graf von Hoffmannsegg (23 August 1766 – 13 December 1849) was a German botanist, entomologist and ornithologist.
The Simon Fraser Clan are the athletic teams that represent Simon Fraser University  in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada. The Clan are members of NCAA Division II and are the only Canadian university affiliated with the U.S.-based National Collegiate Athletic Association.
Lule River  is a major river in Sweden, rising in northern Sweden and flowing southeast for before reaching the Gulf of Bothnia at Luleå. It is the second longest river by watershed area or length in Norrbotten County (after the Torne River and very slightly ahead of the Kalix River, which is 460.65 km long), but is the largest by average discharge.
Job Adams Cooper (November 6, 1843 – January 20, 1899) was a U.S. Republican Party politician. He served as the sixth Governor of the State of Colorado from 1889 to 1891.
Georg Ludwig Hartig (September 2, 1764 – February 2, 1837) was a German forester.
Kay A. Orr (born January 2, 1939) is an American politician who was the 36th governor of Nebraska and served from 1987 to 1991. She was the state's first female governor. Orr is a member of the Republican Party.
The Slovak Soviet Republic  was a short-lived Communist state in southeast Slovakia in existence from 16 June 1919 to 7 July 1919. Its capital city was Prešov and was headed by Czech journalist Antonín Janoušek.
The Party of Greens of Ukraine  is a Ukrainian green political party founded in 1990 by Yuriy Shcherbak and registered in May 1991.
Bad Kissingen is a spa town in the Bavarian region of Lower Franconia and seat of the district Bad Kissingen. Situated to the south of the Rhön Mountains on the Franconian Saale river, it is one of the health resorts, which became famous as a "Weltbad" in the 19th century.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives held in 1888 were held to choose members of the 51st Congress, and were held at the same time as the election of President Benjamin Harrison.
Venedikt Vasilyevich Yerofeyev, also Benedict Erofeev or Erofeyev (; 24 October 1938 in Niva-3 settlement, suburb of Kandalaksha – 11 May 1990 in Moscow) was a Russian writer and Soviet dissident.
Hans Heinrich Lammers (27 May 1879 – 4 January 1962) was a German jurist and prominent Nazi politician. From 1933 until 1945 he served as Chief of the Reich Chancellery under Adolf Hitler. 
Pyatigorsk  Circassian: Psykhwabe  is a city in Stavropol Krai located on the Podkumok River, about from the town of Mineralnye Vody where there is an international airport and about from Kislovodsk. Since January 19, 2010, it has been the administrative center of the North Caucasian Federal District of Russia. Population: 
Kloof is a leafy upper-class suburb and small town, that includes a smaller area called Everton, in the greater Durban area of eThekwini in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives were held in 1864 to elect Representatives to the 39th United States Congress. The election coincided with the presidential election of 1864, in which President Abraham Lincoln was re-elected. 
The River Blakewater is a river running through Lancashire, giving its name to the town of Blackburn.
Tirat Carmel , or "Tirat HaCarmel", is a city in the Haifa District in Israel. In it had a population of .
Robert Huth (, ; born 18 August 1984) is a German former professional footballer who played as a centre back. He is a three-time Premier League winner and has made the most Premier League appearances (322) by a German player.
The Bled was an American post-hardcore band from Tucson, Arizona formed in 2001. They released four albums, "Pass the Flask", "Found in the Flood", "Silent Treatment", and "Heat Fetish" before disbanding in 2011.
Michael Ruse, (born 21 June 1940) is a British-born Canadian philosopher of science who specializes in the philosophy of biology and works on the relationship between science and religion, the creation–evolution controversy, and the demarcation problem within science. Ruse currently teaches at Florida State University.
John Hubbard (March 22, 1794February 6, 1869) was the 22nd Governor of Maine in the United States.
Ohrigstad , formerly Andries Orieg Stad, is a small town to the north of Lydenburg in the Limpopo province, South Africa. 
Isser Harel (, 1912 – 18 February 2003) was spymaster of the intelligence and the security services of Israel and the Director of the Mossad (1952–1963). In his capacity as Mossad director he oversaw the capture and covert transportation to Israel of Holocaust organizer Adolf Eichmann.
James Mark Cornette (born September 17, 1961) is an American podcaster and commentator and has worked in the professional wrestling business as a booker, commentator, manager, and occasional professional wrestler. He is currently working with Major League Wrestling  as a color commentator.
Indiana Wesleyan University  is a private evangelical Christian liberal arts university headquartered in Marion, Indiana, that is affiliated with the Wesleyan Church denomination. IWU is the largest member of the Council for Christian Colleges and Universities and the largest private university in Indiana.
The Communist Organization of Greece  is a Greek political party. The KOE's ideology is revolutionary Marxism, supporting Marxist ideology with all the historical experience of the communist movement.
Thiviers  is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Katherine Esther Jackson (née Scruse, born Kattie B. Screws; May 4, 1930) is the matriarch of the Jackson family.
Nenad Bjelica (; born 20 August 1971) is a Croatian football manager and former professional player who is currently managing Dinamo Zagreb of the Croatian First Football League.
Lorenzo Cristóbal Manuel Batlle y Grau (August 10, 1810 in Montevideo – May 8, 1887 in Montevideo) was the president of Uruguay from 1868 to 1872.
Marathon Oil Corporation, usually simply referred to as Marathon Oil, is an American petroleum and natural gas exploration and production company headquartered in the Marathon Oil Tower in Houston, Texas.
, nicknamed "Oiyan", is a retired Japanese professional baseball player who is the pitching coach in the Japanese Pacific League. He pitched in Major League Baseball from 1998 to 2002.
The Reformist Socialist Party  was a tiny social-democratic political party in Italy.
Jennifer Bongardt (born 8 September 1982 in Hagen-Dahl) is a German slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1998 to 2010.
Pfofeld is a municipality in the Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen district, in Franconia, Germany.
The Banks Group is a family owned energy and property development business headquartered in Durham, but working across Scotland and the North of England, established in 1976.
Tribuno Memmo (died 991) was the 25th Doge of Venice who served from 979 to 991.
Jacques de Sores was a French pirate who attacked and burnt Havana, Cuba in 1555.
The Quaket River is a tidal inlet, in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 1 km (.6 mi) from the mouth of Nannaquaket Pond into the Sakonnet River. It is located entirely within the town of Tiverton, Rhode Island.
River Diphlu commonly known as Vick Niann is a rivulet that originates from the Karbi Anglong hills, Assam and passes through the Kaziranga National Park and joins the River Brahmaputra on its south bank.
Soulsonic Force  was an American electro-funk and hip hop ensemble led by Afrika Bambaataa who helped establish hip-hop in the early 1980s with songs such as "Planet Rock". They were also influential in the birth of the electro movement in America and helped pave the way for modern dance music styles such as electro-funk as well as the entire Miami bass scene.
The Lluta River is a river located in the northern portion of the Arica y Parinacota Region of Chile. Its headwaters are on the western flanks of the Andes of the Parinacota Province, just a few kilometers south of the border with Peru, and empties into the Pacific Ocean about 4 km north of the city of Arica.
Bend Municipal Airport is northeast of Bend, in Deschutes County, Oregon. The FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013 categorizes it as a general aviation facility. Bend is home to Epic Aircraft and X-Air.
Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich (17 September 1871 – 16 November 1937), was the second wife of Ernst-Ludwig, Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine and the mother of his two sons. She was nicknamed "Onor" by her family.
Choisy-en-Brie is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Dame Janet  Laughland Nelson, , FBA (born 28 March 1942) is a British historian. She is Emerita Professor of Medieval History at King's College London.
Coutevroult is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region ini north-central France.
Casablanca , meaning "white house", is a Chilean city and commune located in Valparaíso Province, Valparaíso Region.
The Cumberland Building Society was established on 16 April 1850 as the Cumberland Co-operative Land and Benefit Building Society. It has its headquarters in Carlisle, Cumbria, England. 
The Chorley and District Building Society is a UK building society based in Chorley, Lancashire, England. It is a member of the Building Societies Association.
Aielo de Malferit is a municipality in the "comarca" of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain, most famous for being the birthplace of Nino Bravo.
Aldaia  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Horta Oest in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Barx  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Safor in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Benimodo is a municipality in the "comarca" of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
WDTK, known on the air as "The Patriot", is a conservative-oriented news/talk radio station broadcasting at 1400 kHz on the AM dial and broadcasts on a translator at 101.5 MHz on the FM dial in Detroit, Michigan, United States. The station is owned by Salem Communications, one of the nation's largest owners of Christian-oriented radio stations.
Anna  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Canal de Navarrés in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Canals is a municipality (pop., INE 2007: 13,771) in the "comarca" of Costera in the Valencian Community, Spain.
The Mattatuxet River is a river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 3 km (2 mi). 
Florence Municipal Airport , is a public airport located in the city of Florence in Lane County, Oregon, USA. It is mostly used for general aviation.
Boisredon is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Petros Protopapadakis (; 1854–1922) was a Greek politician and Prime Minister of Greece in May–August 1922.
The Maskerchugg River is a river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 6 km (4 mi). 
The Flat River is a river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately . 
Insming  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Osvaldo Virgil National Airport is an airport in the province of Monte Cristi on the north coast of the Dominican Republic. The airport was opened in 2006 for tourism with flights from other Dominican airports. 
Fontanars dels Alforins  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Gestalgar is a municipality of the "comarca" of Los Serranos in the Valencian Community, Spain. The name in Valencian is "Xestalgar", but the local language is Spanish, not Valencian.
Abbott Run is a "de facto" river in the U.S. state of Massachusetts and Rhode Island. It flows approximately 10 miles (16 km).
Lynn Haag Jenkins (born June 10, 1963) is an American politician and lobbyist who served as the U.S. Representative for , in office from 2009 to 2019. She previously served as Kansas State Treasurer from 2003 to 2008, in the Kansas House of Representatives from 1999 to 2000 and the Kansas Senate from 2000 to 2002. She is a member of the Republican Party. 
BaneService is a Norwegian government owned railway construction and maintenance company. It is by far the largest subcontractor for Bane NOR and is owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications.
Manuel is a municipality in the "comarca" of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Montesa is a municipality in the "comarca" of Costera in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Pedralba is a municipality in the "comarca" of Los Serranos in the Valencian Community, Spain.
WBNR is the callsign of an AM radio station licensed to Beacon, New York and serving the Hudson Valley. The station is owned by Pamal Broadcasting and broadcasts on 1260 kHz at 1,000 watts daytime and 400 watts nighttime, both directional, from a two tower array at 475 South Avenue in the city of Beacon, and its studios are also located in Beacon.
Jacques Louis César Alexandre Randon, 1st Count Randon (25 March 1795 – 16 January 1871) was a French military and political leader, also Marshal of France and governor of Algeria.
The North Branch Pawtuxet River is a river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately . 
Senyera  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Utiel is a municipality in the "comarca" of Requena-Utiel in the Valencian Community, Spain.
La Yesa is a small town and municipality in the "comarca" of Los Serranos in the Valencian Community, Spain. The name in Valencian is "La Iessa", but the local language is Spanish, not Valencian.
Sheikh Abdullah bin Husayn bin Nasser al-Ahmar  (1933 – 29 December 2007) was a politician and tribe leader of Yemen. He was the Speaker of the House of Representatives  from 1993 to 2007 and also was the Sheikh of the Hashid tribal federation and the Al-Islah party.
One Nation NSW was a minor Australian political party, which operated exclusively in the state of New South Wales , in the early 2000's. The party was a splinter group of Pauline Hanson’s One Nation . 
Edmund Szyc Stadium  is a ruined multi-purpose stadium in Poznań, Poland, named after Edmund Szyc, one of founders of Warta Poznań. The stadium opened in 1929 during the "Comprehensive National Exhibition"  and had a capacity of 60,000 people. 
The Young China Party, also known as the Chinese Youth Party , is a minor political party in Taiwan. Before the end of martial law, it was, with the Kuomintang and the China Democratic Socialist Party, one of three legal political parties in Taiwan.
Darvault is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Darayya  is a suburb of Damascus in Syria, the centre of Darayya lying south-west of the centre of Damascus. Administratively it belongs to Rif Dimashq.
Theodore Anthony Nugent (; born December 13, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and political activist. Nugent initially gained fame as the lead guitarist of the Amboy Dukes, a band formed in 1963 that played psychedelic rock and hard rock. 
SV Henstedt-Ulzburg is a German association football club based in Henstedt-Ulzburg, Schleswig-Holstein. The footballers are part of a 1,500 member sports club that also has departments for athletics, handball, table tennis, and tennis, as well as therapeutic sport.
KLEN (106.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Licensed to Cheyenne, Wyoming, United States, the station serves the Cheyenne area. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
8199400 Canada Inc. operating as Arctic Sunwest Charters was a charter airline based in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada. It operated passenger and cargo charter services in Canada's Arctic, with wheel, ski and float equipped aircraft. Its main base was Yellowknife Airport and also operated a float base on Great Slave Lake near the Yellowknife Water Aerodrome.
Flagy is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Groupe Fnac Darty, formerly Kesa Electricals plc, Darty plc and Darty Limited, is a multinational electrical retailing company headquartered in Ivry-sur-Seine, France. It was formerly a public limited company  listed on the London Stock Exchange, until it was purchased by the French retailer Fnac in July 2016.
Antonio Pietrangeli (19 January 191912 July 1968) was an Italian film director and screenwriter. Pietrangeli was a major practitioner of the Commedia all'italiana genre.
Sydney University Press is the scholarly publisher of the University of Sydney. It is part of the Library.
The is a private railroad company in Japan, and a subsidiary of the Meitetsu Group. The company or its lines are commonly known as . The company operates the Atsumi Line train service on Atsumi Peninsula in Aichi Prefecture and a tram system in Toyohashi City, and has subsidiary operations involved in taxi and bus services.
Monique Knol (born 31 March 1964 in Wolvega, Friesland) is a former racing cyclist from the Netherlands, who won a medal in two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1988 in Seoul, South Korea. There she won the road race, taking a bronze in the same event four years later in Barcelona, Spain. She later retired from competitive cycling.
Virgin Mobile Australia  was a mobile telecommunications company based in Sydney.
The Brissago Islands  are a group of two islands located in the Swiss part of Lake Maggiore close to Ronco sopra Ascona and Brissago. Both islands belong to the district of Locarno, in the canton of Ticino.
Ontario Municipal Airport is three miles west of Ontario, in Malheur County, Oregon. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Polling is a municipality in the Weilheim-Schongau district, in Bavaria, Germany.
Seven Regional is an Australian television network owned by Southern Cross Austereo that is available in Tasmania, Darwin, the South Australian Spencer Gulf, Broken Hill and Remote Central and Eastern Australia. The network is the primary affiliate of the Seven Network in the areas it serves.
Messrs. Drummond is a formerly independent private bank that is now owned by The Royal Bank of Scotland Group. The Royal Bank of Scotland incorporating Messrs. Drummond, Bankers is based at 49 Charing Cross in central London. Drummonds is authorised as a brand of The Royal Bank of Scotland by the Prudential Regulation Authority.
Clark Island is a small island in Sydney Harbour, near the coast of New South Wales, Australia. The island is part of the Sydney Harbour National Park and lies offshore the Sydney suburb of Darling Point, in the eastern part of Sydney Harbour between the Harbour Bridge and the harbour entrance.
AirClass Airways was an airline based in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Canary Islands, Spain. It operated passenger services from Spain, as well as charters and wet lease services. Its main base was Gran Canaria International Airport.
Al-Suqaylabiyah  is a Greek Orthodox Christian Syrian city administratively belonging to Hama Governorate. Al-Suqaylabiyah is located at a height of 220 meters above sea level. According to the 2004 official census, the town has a population of 17,313.
Viktor Franzovich Zhdanovich  (born on January 27, 1938, Leningrad) is a Soviet fencer.
Mountain Cable was one of three cable television service providers for the city of Hamilton, Ontario and its surrounding area, specifically the Hamilton Mountain area and Haldimand County. Its operations were acquired by Shaw Communications in 2009, which then resold them to Rogers in 2013. The other two providers in the Hamilton area are Cogeco and Source Cable .
Skyport Airport is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Cornelius, a city in Washington County, Oregon, United States. It is privately owned and managed by V. D. Putman.
KVTA (1590 AM) is a commercial radio station that is licensed to Ventura, California and serves Ventura County and Santa Barbara County. The station is owned by Gold Coast Broadcasting and airs a news/talk format. 
Moosbach is a municipality in the district of Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria, Germany.
Soyaux  is a commune in the Charente department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Al-Karmah, also sometimes transliterated as Karma, Karmah, or Garma , is a city in central Iraq located 16 km northeast of Fallujah in the Al Anbar province.
Talysh Mountains  is a mountain range in far southeastern Azerbaijan and far northwestern Iran within Ardabil Province and Gilan Province.
El Balyana  is a small town in the Sohag Governorate of Upper Egypt. Located on the west bank of the Nile, it is situated near the ancient Egyptian city of Abydos.
Black Moth Super Rainbow  is an American experimental electronic band from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, US.
Benasau  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Benimeli  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Marina Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Janusz Kazimierz Kaczmarek (born December 25, 1961 in Gdynia) is a Polish lawyer, prosecutor and politician. He was National Public Prosecutor from October 31, 2005, to February 8, 2007, and Polish Minister of Internal Affairs and Administration from February 8, 2007, to August 8, 2007.
Park Bit-na (Korean: 박빛나, born June 16, 1985 in Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean figure skater. She is the 3-time(1999–2002 & 2004) South Korean national champion. She represented South Korea at the 2002 Winter Olympics, where she placed 26th.
The San Francisco Historical Society is a non-profit organization dedicated to the preservation, interpretation, and presentation of the history of San Francisco and the surrounding Bay Area. It is the official historical museum of San Francisco.
The Cyprus national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team for Cyprus and like the senior team, is controlled by the Cyprus Football Association.
WHPE-FM is a radio station at 95.5 FM broadcasting religious programming. The station is licensed to High Point, North Carolina and serves the North Carolina Triad region.
"For other Unity Colleges, please see Unity College ".
The University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center is the health sciences branch of the University of Oklahoma. Located in Oklahoma City, it serves as the primary place of instruction for many of Oklahoma's health professions. It is one of only four health centers in the United States with seven professional colleges.
Davis Airport is a privately owned, public use airport in Linn County, Oregon, United States. It is located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of Gates, Oregon, a city in Marion County and Linn County.
Bartow Executive Airport is a public airport four miles (6 km) northeast of Bartow, in Polk County, Florida. It is owned by the Bartow Airport Authority.
The Boesio is a river  in Valcuvia, a valley in the north of the province of Varese, Lombardy, Italy. 
The German League for People and Homeland  is a right-wing political organization in Germany.
Gori Ganga  is a river in the Munsiari tehsil of the Pithoragarh District, part of the state of Uttarakhand in northern India. Its principal source is the Milam Glacier, just northeast of Nanda Devi along with the Glaciers of the Ralam River, and the Pyunshani and Uttari & Dakshini Balati Glaciers that lie on the western face of the Panchachuli Peaks. 
Plasan   Ltd.) is an Israeli based vehicle manufacturer. 
Claus Bo Larsen (born 28 October 1965 in Odense) is a former Danish football referee who officiates in the Danish Superliga and was FIFA-listed from 1996 to 2010. He has officiated numerous matches in the UEFA Cup and Champions League. 
Canadian Bushplane Heritage Centre , located on the north bank of the St. Marys River in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, is dedicated to preserving the history of bush flying and forest protection in Canada. 
Samalut  is a city and a municipal division in the Minya Governorate in Egypt. It is located on the west bank of the Nile, a few hours by train south of Cairo.
Florida Polytechnic University  is a public university in Lakeland, Florida. Created as an independent university in 2012, it is the newest of the twelve institutions in the State University System of Florida. 
Terry Lovejoy (born 20 November 1966) is an information technologist from Thornlands, Queensland, Australia, most widely known as an amateur astronomer. He has discovered six comets, including C/2011 W3 , the first Kreutz Sungrazing comet discovered by ground-based observation in over 40 years. 
Chehalem Airpark , is a public airport located 4 miles (6.4 km) northwest of Newberg, in Yamhill County, Oregon, USA.
Kim Moon-Soo (born December 29, 1963) is a former badminton player from South Korea.
Salignac-de-Mirambeau is a commune in the department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Hongcheon Idu FC is a South Korean football club that is currently a member of the National League.
Minnipa is a small town serving the local grain growing community located on South Australia's Eyre Peninsula. 
Dadukou District  a district of Chongqing municipality.
The Zanzibar Archipelago  consists of several islands lying off the coast of East Africa south of the Somali sea. The archipelago is also known as the Spice Islands. 
The Arab Socialist Action Party  was a Pan-Arab political party, formed by the left-wing faction of the Arab Nationalist Movement after the latter's disintegration. The general secretary of the party was Dr. George Habash and the organ of the party was "Tariq at-Thawra".
Radja Nainggolan (born 4 May 1988) is a Belgian-Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Inter Milan.
Semih Erden (born July 28, 1986) is a Turkish professional basketball player for İstanbul BŞB of the Turkish Basketball Super League . Standing at , he plays at the center position.
Zonguldak Çaycuma Airport is an airport near the city of Zonguldak, in the western Black Sea region of Turkey. It is situated close to the town of Saltukova. 
Kristin Bauer van Straten is an American film and television actress, notable for her roles as vampire Pamela Swynford De Beaufort on the HBO television series "True Blood", Jerry's girlfriend Gillian on "Seinfeld", and as sorceress Maleficent in the ABC series "Once Upon a Time".
South African Breweries  is a major brewery headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa and was a wholly owned subsidiary of SABMiller until its interests were sold to Anheuser-Busch InBev on 10 October 2016. South African Breweries is now a direct subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV.
Picton  is a town in the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. The town is located near the head of the Queen Charlotte Sound, north of Blenheim and west of Wellington. Waikawa lies just north-east of Picton, and is often considered to be contiguous part of Picton.
The Bagmati River runs through the Kathmandu Valley of Nepal and separates Kathmandu from Patan. It is considered holy by both Hindus and Buddhists. 
Clive Stanley Efford (born 10 July 1958) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament  for Eltham since 1997.
Caroline Louise Flint (born 20 September 1961) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament  for Don Valley since 1997. She served in the Government as the Minister for Public Health from 2005 to 2007, the Minister for Employment from 2007 to 2008, the Minister for Housing and Planning in 2008, and finally as the Minister for Europe from 2008 to 2009, when she resigned citing disagreement with the leadership style of Gordon Brown.
Frederic Sackrider Remington (October 4, 1861 – December 26, 1909) was an American painter, illustrator, sculptor, and writer who specialized in depictions of the American Old West, specifically concentrating on scenes from the last quarter of the 19th century in the Western United States and featuring images of cowboys, American Indians, and the U.S. Cavalry, among other figures from Western culture.
The New Zealand Democratic Party for Social Credit  is a small leftist political party in New Zealand whose policies are based on the ideas of social credit. The party has been known as the Social Credit Political League, the Social Credit Party and the New Zealand Democratic Party and was part of the Alliance for a time.
Christopher Paul Farrelly (born 2 March 1962) is a British Labour Party politician and journalist, who has been the Member of Parliament  for Newcastle-under-Lyme since 2001.
James Dawson Chichester-Clark, Baron Moyola, PC, DL (12 February 1923 – 17 May 2002) was the penultimate Prime Minister of Northern Ireland and eighth leader of the Ulster Unionist Party between 1969 and March 1971. He was Member of the Northern Ireland Parliament for South Londonderry for 12 years, beginning at the by-election to replace his grandmother Dehra Parker in 1960. 
Market Bosworth is a small market town and civil parish in western Leicestershire, England. At the 2001 Census, it had a population of 1,906, increasing to 2,097 at the 2011 census.
Moonspell is a Portuguese heavy metal band. Formed in 1992, the group released their first EP "Under the Moonspell" in 1994 and followed up with their debut album "Wolfheart" a year later. 
The Socialist Reich Party  was a West German Strasserist political party founded in the aftermath of World War II in 1949 as an openly neo-Nazi oriented split-off from the national conservative German Right Party . The SRP was the first party to be banned by the Federal Constitutional Court in 1952.
Frank Rudolph Paul (; April 18, 1884 – June 29, 1963) was an American illustrator of pulp magazines in the science fiction field.
John R. Coffee (June 2, 1772 – July 7, 1833) was an American planter and state militia general in Tennessee. He commanded troops under General Andrew Jackson during the Creek Wars (1813–14) and during the Battle of New Orleans in the War of 1812.
The Duchy of Limburg or Limbourg was a state of the Holy Roman Empire. Its main territory including the capital Limbourg is today located within the Belgian province of Liège, with a small part in the neighbouring province of Belgian Limburg, within the east of Voeren.
The Revolutionary Workers Party of Bangladesh  is a political party in Bangladesh, founded on 14 June 2004 after splitting from the Workers Party of Bangladesh due to disagreements regarding joint actions with the Awami League. The party initially used the name "Workers Party of Bangladesh" briefly after its founding. 
Dolisie, known as Loubomo between 1975 and 1991, is a city in the western province of Niari in the Republic of the Congo. It is the country's third largest city, and an important commercial centre. 
Dominick Fernow is an American experimental musician, poet and multimedia artist. He is best known for extreme music released under the stage name Prurient, as well as numerous other aliases including Vatican Shadow and Rainforest Spiritual Enslavement. 
The Independent Citizens Movement  is a political party in the U.S. Virgin Islands that was founded by Virdin C. Brown and Steve O'Reilly in 1968. Its symbol is the torch. 
Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube, commonly called Mogi Mirim, is a Brazilian football team from Mogi Mirim in São Paulo, founded 1 February 1932.
Blue October is an American alternative rock band originally from Houston, Texas. The band was formed in 1995 and currently consists of Justin Furstenfeld , Jeremy Furstenfeld , Ryan Delahoussaye , Matt Noveskey , and Will Knaak . 
The Juruena River  is a long river in west-central Brazil, in the state of Mato Grosso.
CTS Fahrzeug-Dachsysteme  is a supplier of convertible tops. Long a subsidiary of Porsche AG, that company agreed to sell it to Magna International in late 2005 for roughly $470,000,000.
Pothinus or Potheinos (early 1st century BC to 48 or 47 BC), a eunuch, was regent for Pharaoh Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator of the Ptolemaic Kingdom. He is most remembered for turning Ptolemy against his sister and co-ruler Cleopatra, thus starting a civil war, and for having Pompey decapitated and presenting the severed head to Julius Caesar.
Justine Greening (born 30 April 1969) is a British Conservative Party politician who served as Secretary of State for Education from 2016 to 2018, and has served as Member of Parliament  for Putney since 2005.
Molotov is a Mexican rock and comedy rap band formed in Mexico City in September 1995. Their lyrics feature a mixture of Spanish and English, rapped and sung by all members of the group. Molotov blends heavy basslines with heavy guitar riffs in many songs, such as "Gimme the Power" and "Frijolero".
The Ma River  is a river in Asia, originating in northwestern Vietnam. It runs for 400 km through Vietnam, Laos, and then back through Vietnam, meeting the sea at the Gulf of Tonkin.
Angela Christine Smith (born 16 August 1961) is a British independent politician, who has served as Member of Parliament  for Penistone and Stocksbridge since 2010. She served as MP for Sheffield Hillsborough from 2005 to 2010.
Cushing Island, or Cushing's Island, is a privately owned island in Casco Bay in the U.S. state of Maine. Part of the city of Portland, Maine, roughly 45 families live there seasonally. 
Pine Junction is a small unincorporated community in central Colorado in the United States. Pine Junction is the first intersection with a traffic light on U.S. Highway 285 in the foothills. At this traffic light, you can turn left on Colorado Rd 126 to go to the historic Town of Pine Grove and continue to State Highway 67 to Deckers and Woodland Park.
Elizabeth Copeland  (born November 24, 1980) is an American professional wrestler and color commentator, better known by her ring name Beth Phoenix. She is currently signed to WWE and performs as commentator on the NXT brand. 
Daru is the capital of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea and a former Catholic bishopric.
Sir James Fergusson, 6th Baronet (14 March 1832 – 14 January 1907) was a British soldier, Conservative politician and colonial administrator.
Susanne Riess (born 3 January 1961) is a former Austrian politician of the Freedom Party of Austria .
Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar , is one of the branch campuses of Carnegie Mellon University, located in Doha, Qatar. It is Carnegie Mellon's first undergraduate branch campus, is a member of the Qatar Foundation, and began graduating students in May 2008.
Sir Daniel Grian Alexander (born 15 May 1972) is a British banker who is vice president and corporate secretary at the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. He was a Liberal Democrat politician who was Chief Secretary to the Treasury between 2010 and 2015. He was the Member of Parliament  for the Inverness, Nairn, Badenoch & Strathspey constituency from 2005 until the general election in May 2015, when he was defeated by Drew Hendry of the Scottish National Party .
Yamal Airlines  is an airline based in Salekhard, Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia. It operates regional passenger services and was established in 1997.
Tomsk Avia, LLC  was an airline based at Bogashevo Airport in Tomsk, Russia. It operated domestic passenger and cargo services and charters until 2015.
KPSI-FM is a commercial radio station located in Palm Springs, California, broadcasting on 100.5 FM. KPSI-FM airs a hot adult contemporary music format branded as "Mix 100.5". It is owned by Alpha Media, through Alpha Media Licensee LLC.
Silken Suzette Laumann, (born November 14, 1964) is a Canadian champion rower.
Oja Kodar ( ; born 1941) is a Croatian actress, screenwriter and director, best known as Orson Welles's partner during the latter years of his life.
Bahya ben Asher ibn Halawa (, 1255–1340) was a rabbi and scholar of Judaism. He was a commentator on the Hebrew Bible. 
Olin DeWitt Talmadge Johnston (November 18, 1896April 18, 1965) was a Democratic Party politician from the US state of South Carolina. He served as the 98th Governor of South Carolina, 1935–1939 and 1943–1945, and represented the state in the United States Senate from 1945 until his death from pneumonia in Columbia, South Carolina in 1965.
ABC Futebol Clube, or ABC, as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Natal in Rio Grande do Norte. Founded on June 29, 1915, ABC is the oldest club in its state, and won the Série C in 2010. It is the most successful club in the state, with 55 titles in the Campeonato Potiguar, including 2018.
Carson Entertainment Group  is a television production company established by Johnny Carson in 1980. The company primarily produced "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" from 1980 to 1992 and "Late Night with David Letterman" from 1982 to 1993. 
Southwestern Colorado is a region in the southwest portion of Colorado. It is bordered by Western Colorado, Southern Colorado, the south portion of Central Colorado, Utah, and New Mexico.
Egholm is a Danish island in the Limfjord close to Aalborg. The island covers an area of and had 55 inhabitants in 2013. 
The Biodesign Institute is a major research center known for nature-inspired solutions to global health, sustainability, and security challenges located on the Tempe campus of Arizona State University. The Institute is organized into a growing number of collaborative research centers and laboratories staffed by scientists in diverse disciplines. 
Anna Howard Shaw (February 14, 1847 – July 2, 1919) was a leader of the women's suffrage movement in the United States. She was also a physician and one of the first ordained female Methodist ministers in the United States.
Prince Nicholas of Greece and Denmark (, 22 January 1872 – 8 February 1938), of the Glücksburg branch of the House of Oldenburg, was the fourth child and third son of King George I of Greece, and of Queen Olga. He was known as "Greek Nicky" in the family to distinguish him from his paternal first cousin Emperor Nicholas II of Russia. 
Schweyen  is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.
Echo of Moscow  is a 24/7 commercial Russian radio station based in Moscow. It broadcasts in many Russian cities, some of the former Soviet republics , and via the Internet. The current editor-in-chief is Alexei Venediktov.
Joseph Michael Poole (born August 12, 1976) is an American singer and musician best known by his stage name Wednesday 13. As well as his solo career, he is known for being the frontman of Murderdolls. He has also played in several other bands, including Maniac Spider Trash, Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13, Bourbon Crow, and Gunfire 76.
Robert Eben Smylie (October 31, 1914 – July 17, 2004) was an American politician and attorney from Idaho. A member of the Idaho Republican Party, he served as the 24th Governor of Idaho for twelve years, from 1955 to 1967.
Robert Ben Lobban Wallace (born 15 May 1970) is a British politician serving as Minister of State for Security and Economic Crime since 2016. A member of the Conservative Party, he has been the Member of Parliament  for Wyre and Preston North since 2010. Wallace was first elected as the MP for Lancaster and Wyre in 2005.
Andrew John Gwynne (born 4 June 1974) is an English Labour Party politician and has been the Member of Parliament  for Denton and Reddish since 2005, replacing the retiring Andrew Bennett.
Olga Nikolaevna Rubtsova (; 20 August 1909 – 13 December 1994) was a Soviet chess player and the fourth women's world chess champion.
Nicholas Le Quesne Herbert, (born 7 April 1963) is a British Conservative Party politician and the Member of Parliament  for Arundel and South Downs. He was Minister of State for Police and Criminal Justice, with his time split between the Home Office and the Ministry of Justice from 2010–2012.
Anne Frances Milton ("née" Turner; born 3 November 1955) is a British Conservative Party politician who has served as Member of Parliament  for Guildford since 2005. Formerly Minister for Women, she currently serves as Minister of State for Skills and Apprenticeships.
CIHT-FM (89.9 FM, "Hot 89.9") is a radio station licensed to Ottawa, Ontario. Owned by Stingray Group, it broadcasts a contemporary hit radio format. 
CBM-FM (93.5 MHz) is a public non-commercial radio station in Montreal, Quebec. It carries the English-language CBC Music network.
David Michael Gauke (; born 8 October 1971) is a British Conservative Party politician and solicitor serving as Secretary of State for Justice and Lord Chancellor since 2018 and Member of Parliament  for South West Hertfordshire since 2005.
Brigham Field at Huskie Stadium is a college football stadium in the central United States, located on the campus of Northern Illinois University in DeKalb, Illinois. Opened in 1965, it is the home field of the NIU Huskies of the Mid-American Conference .
National Sun Yat-sen University  is a public research-intensive university renowned as an official think tank scholars' community as well as an academic center of oceanology and management studies, located in Sizihwan, Kaohsiung, Taiwan and Pratas Islands, South China Sea. NSYSU is the first national comprehensive university of Southern Taiwan, and is the nation's first top seven research universities.
The Beaverfoot Range  is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies, located in southeastern British Columbia. The range extends from Cedared Creek near Spillimacheen north to the Kicking Horse River.
, also known as , was a renowned Japanese poet and military commander who served as tandai  of Kyūshū under the Ashikaga bakufu from 1371 to 1395. His father, Imagawa Norikuni, had been a supporter of the first Ashikaga "shōgun", Ashikaga Takauji, and for his services had been granted the position of constable of Suruga Province . 
Baghlan  is a city in northern Afghanistan, in the eponymous province, Baghlan Province. It is located three miles east of the Kunduz River, 35 miles south of Khanabad, and about 500 metres above sea level in the northern Hindu Kush.
The Attractions were an English backing band for the English new wave musician Elvis Costello between 1977 and 1986, and again from 1994 to 1996. They consisted of Steve Nieve , Bruce Thomas , and Pete Thomas . 
Dorchester Avenue  is a street in Boston, Massachusetts, running from downtown south via South Boston and Dorchester to the border with Milton, where it ends. Built as a turnpike, the Dorchester Turnpike, it is mostly straight.
James Richard Harden (born November 30, 1981) is a Canadian former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched for the Oakland Athletics, Chicago Cubs, and Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball.
Noginsk  is a city and the administrative center of Noginsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located east of the Moscow Ring Road on the Klyazma River. Population: 
The Civilista Party  was a political party in Peru.
Michael United A.F.C. are a football club from the village of Kirk Michael, Isle of Man in the parish of Michael in the Isle of Man. They compete in the Isle of Man Football League and wear a green, black and white kit. 
Louise Harman (born 19 December 1985) better known by the stage name Lady Sovereign, is an English rapper and songwriter. She is best known for the songs "9 to 5" and "Love Me or Hate Me".
Adelaide del Vasto  ( – 16 April 1118) was countess of Sicily as the third spouse of Roger I of Sicily, and Queen consort of Jerusalem by marriage to Baldwin I of Jerusalem. She served as regent of Sicily during the minority of her son Roger II of Sicily from 1101 until 1112.
Zlatko Perica (born 16 February 1969 in Rijeka, Croatia) is a guitarist.
Juan Aguilera Herrera (; born 22 March 1962) is a retired Spanish professional male tennis player. He was born in Barcelona, Spain.
Joe Aillet Stadium  is a college football stadium in Ruston, Louisiana and the home field of the Louisiana Tech University Bulldogs football team, which competes in Conference USA. The football stadium replaced the original Tech Stadium where the school's football program played its home games on campus until 1967.
Leonidas II , was the 28th Agiad King of Sparta from 254 to 235 BC. 
Dog Fashion Disco is an American metal band from Rockville, Maryland, United States, that was originally active from 1995 to 2007 before disbanding. The band officially reunited on October 10, 2013.
Vanessa Joy Lachey (née Minnillo; born November 9, 1980) is an American-Filipino television personality, beauty queen, fashion model, television host and actress. She was also named Miss Teen USA in 1998. She has been a New York-based correspondent for "Entertainment Tonight" and hosted "Total Request Live" on MTV.
Pingdingshan , also known as the Eagle City, had 4,904,701 inhabitants at the 2010 census whom 1,756,333 lived in the built-up or metropolitan area including Ye county. It is a prefecture-level city in central Henan province, China.
Evolavia  was a low-cost airline based in Ancona, Italy. Its name in Italian  means "and fly away". 
Jan Niecisław Ignacy Baudouin de Courtenay (13 March 1845 – 3 November 1929) was a Polish linguist and Slavist, best known for his theory of the phoneme and phonetic alternations.
George Ivar Louis Mountbatten, 4th Marquess of Milford Haven (born 6 June 1961), styled Earl of Medina before 1970, is a British peer and businessman.
The European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation, commonly known as Eurocontrol, is an international organisation working to achieve safe and seamless air traffic management across Europe. Founded in 1960, Eurocontrol currently has 41 member states and is headquartered in Brussels, Belgium. 
James Carter (born January 3, 1969) is an American jazz musician. He is the cousin of jazz violinist Regina Carter.
Ferdinand von Sammern-Frankenegg (March 17, 1897 – September 20, 1944) was a German SS functionary during the Nazi era.
The Adventist Development and Relief Agency International  is a humanitarian agency operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church for the purpose of providing individual and community development and disaster relief. It was founded in 1956, and it is headquartered in Silver Spring, Maryland, United States of America.
Independence Hall, originally the Dizengoff House  is the site of the signing of Israel's Declaration of Independence. It is located on the historic Rothschild Boulevard in Tel Aviv, Israel. From 1932 to 1971 housing the Tel Aviv Museum of Art, it is currently a museum dedicated to the signing of the Israeli Declaration of Independence and the history of Tel Aviv.
Guus Hiddink (; born 8 November 1946) is a Dutch football manager and former player who is currently the manager of China national under-23 football team. He enjoyed a long career playing as a midfielder in his native Netherlands, playing for sides such as PSV Eindhoven, De Graafschap and NEC Nijmegen, as well as some time spent playing in the United States. 
Armagh City Football Club is an intermediate, Northern Irish football club playing in the NIFL Premier Intermediate League.
Donegal Celtic Football Club is an intermediate football club based in Belfast, Northern Ireland who currently play in the Ballymena & Provincial Football League. The club, founded in 1970, plays its home matches at Donegal Celtic Park. 
Elections to the United States House of Representatives in 1912 were held for members of the 63rd Congress, coinciding with the election of President Woodrow Wilson.
Richard Cheese & Lounge Against the Machine is a cover band and comedy act, performing popular songs in a lounge/swing style, reminiscent of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, and Tony Bennett. Lounge singer Richard Cheese is a character created and portrayed by Los Angeles-based actor/comedian Mark Jonathan Davis.
Dougray Scott (born Stephen Dougray Scott; 26 November 1965) is a Scottish actor. He is best known for his roles in the films "Ever After" (1998), "" (2000), "Hitman" (2007), and "My Week with Marilyn" (2011).
Skiathos  is a small Greek island in the northwest Aegean Sea. Skiathos is the westernmost island in the Northern Sporades group, east of the Pelion peninsula in Magnesia on the mainland, and west of the island of Skopelos.
Its radio station serves Kyoto and Shiga Prefectures and is a member of National Radio Network . Its television station serves Kyoto Prefecture and is a member of the Japanese Association of Independent Television Stations . 
Ottokar III (1124 – December 31, 1164) was Margrave of Styria from 1129 until 1164. He was the son of Leopold the Strong and Sophia of Bavaria, and father of Ottokar IV, the last of the dynasty of the Otakars. 
Caroline Catherine Müller (born 31 July 1964), known professionally as C. C. Catch, is a Dutch-born German pop singer, best known for her collaboration with Dieter Bohlen in the 1980s.
Polskie Radio Spółka Akcyjna  is Poland's state-owned national public-service radio broadcasting organization.
David Cannon Evans (February 24, 1924 – October 3, 1998) was the founder of the computer science department at the University of Utah and co-founder  of Evans & Sutherland, a computer firm which is known as a pioneer in the domain of computer-generated imagery.
James "Hap" Sharp (January 1, 1928 in Tulsa, Oklahoma – May 7, 1993) was an American race car driver who drove in six Formula One Grands Prix. He was most famous however, for being a co-owner and driver of the revolutionary Chaparral sports racing cars built by Jim Hall and Sharp in Midland, Texas. 
Arne Garborg, born Aadne Eivindsson Garborg (25 January 1851, Time – 14 January 1924) was a Norwegian writer.
KTRK-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 13, is an ABC owned-and-operated television station licensed to Houston, Texas, United States. The station is owned by the ABC Owned Television Stations subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company . 
Burnage is a suburb of the city of Manchester in North West England, about south of Manchester city centre and bisected by the dual carriageway of Kingsway. The population of the Burnage Ward at the 2011 census was 15,227. It lies between Withington to the west, Levenshulme to the north, Heaton Chapel to the east and Didsbury and Heaton Mersey to the south.
The Rupert River is one of the largest rivers in Quebec, Canada. From its headwaters in Lake Mistassini, the largest natural lake in Quebec, it flows west into Rupert Bay on James Bay. The Rupert drains an area of .
Telfort was a brand of Dutch mobile telecommunication company KPN.
The Portuguese Navy  is the naval branch of the Portuguese Armed Forces which, in cooperation and integrated with the other branches of the Portuguese military, is charged with the military defense of Portugal.
Pietro II Candiano (c. 872 – 939) was the nineteenth Doge of Venice between 932 and 939. He followed Orso II Participazio (912–932) to become Doge in 932. 
Sweetbox is a Los Angeles based pop music project formed in Germany in 1995 by executive producer Heiko Schmidt and music producer Roberto "Geo" Rosan. Throughout the years Sweetbox has had several lead singers including Kimberly Kearney, Dacia Bridges, Tina Harris, Jade Villalon, Jamie Pineda and most recently and currently, Miho Fukuhara and LogiQ Pryce.
Waldenburg is a town in the district Zwickau in Saxony, Germany. The castle was owned by the House of Schönburg from 1378 until 1945. 
Manaus International Airport – Eduardo Gomes is the major international airport in Northern Brazil, located in the city of Manaus and the busiest in the number of international passengers in this region. In cargo transport, it is the third-busiest in Brazil, behind only the airports of Guarulhos and Viracopos.
Segrate  is a town and "comune"  located in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region of northern Italy. 
KQRS-FM (92.5 FM, KQ92 or 92 KQRS) is a Classic Rock radio station in the Twin Cities region of Minnesota. The station is licensed to suburban Golden Valley, transmits from the KMSP-TV tower in Shoreview, and is owned by Cumulus Media, with studios in Southeast Minneapolis in the Como district.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives were held in 1904 to elect members of the 59th Congress, and coincided with the election to a full term of President Theodore Roosevelt.
Purolator Inc. is a Canadian courier that is 91% owned by Canada Post, 7% owned by Barry Lapointe Holdings Ltd. and 2% by others. 
Educational Media Foundation  is an American nonprofit organization that operates radio networks broadcasting contemporary Christian music, including Air1 and K-Love. EMF is based in Rocklin, California, a suburb of Sacramento, California.
The Kissimmee River is a river in south-central Florida, United States.
Riom  is a commune town in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France. It is a sub-prefecture of the department.
Jack Oakie (born Lewis Delaney Offield, November 12, 1903 – January 23, 1978) was an American actor, starring mostly in films, but also working on stage, radio and television. He portrayed Napaloni in Chaplin's "The Great Dictator" (1940), receiving a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
China Baowu Steel Group Corp., Ltd., commonly referred to as Baowu Steel, is a state-owned iron and steel company headquartered in the Baosteel Tower in Pudong, Shanghai, China. The company was formed by Baosteel Group absorbing it smaller state-owned peer, Wuhan Iron and Steel Corporation in 2016.
El Camino College  is a two-year public community college located in the unincorporated area of Los Angeles County known as Alondra Park. It consists of 37 buildings spanning an area of roughly . 
Yville-sur-Seine is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Petralia Sottana  is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, in the island of Sicily, southern Italy. The main characters in Emanuele Crialese's 2006 film of Sicilian immigration to America, "Nuovomondo", come from the town of Petralia.
James McTeigue is an Australian film director. He has been an assistant director on many films, including "Dark City" (1998), the "Matrix" trilogy (1999–2003) and "" (2002), and made his directorial debut with the 2005 film "V for Vendetta" to critical acclaim. Since "Vendetta" he has collaborated with the Wachowskis an additional three times as director on "The Invasion" , "Ninja Assassin" and "Sense8".
Schweizer Radio: Radio der deutschen und rätoromanischen Schweiz    is a company of SRG SSR.
Arthur Ian Lavender (born 16 February 1946) is an English stage, film and television actor. He is known for his role as Private Pike in the BBC comedy series "Dad's Army". He and Frank Williams are the last surviving major cast members.
Meinhard III (9 February 1344 – 13 January 1363), a member of the House of Wittelsbach, was Duke of Upper Bavaria and Count of Tyrol from 1361 until his death. He was the son of Duke Louis V of Bavaria with Countess Margaret of Tyrol and as such also the last descendant of the Tyrolean branch of the House of Gorizia .
Sioux Falls Regional Airport , also known as Joe Foss Field, is a public and military use airport owned by the Sioux Falls Regional Airport Authority and located three nautical miles (6 km) northwest of the central business district of Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States. Named in honor of aviator and Sioux Falls native Joe Foss, it serves the greater Sioux Falls area, as well as communities throughout eastern South Dakota, southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa.
The River Chess, a chalk stream, rises just north of Chesham in the Chiltern Hills, to flow through Buckinghamshire and Hertfordshire to join the River Colne in Rickmansworth. The Chess, along with the Colne and Gade, gives rise to the name of the district of Three Rivers, where it forms its confluence with the Colne at Rickmansworth.
Jogesh C. Pati (born 1937 in Baripada, Odisha, India) is an Indian American theoretical physicist at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory.
Coningsby is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district in Lincolnshire, England.
Swinburne Island is a artificial island in the Lower New York Bay, off the South Beach of Staten Island, New York City. It was used for quarantine of immigrants. Swinburne Island is the smaller of two islands near South Beach, the other being Hoffman Island.
John Wood, (5 July 1930 – 6 August 2011) was an English actor noted for his performances in Shakespeare and for his long association with Tom Stoppard. In 1976, he won a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for his role in Stoppard's "Travesties". He was nominated for two other Tony Awards, for "Sherlock Holmes" (1975), and "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern" (1968). 
Yoo Sang-chul (born October 18, 1971) is a South Korean football manager and former football player. He is current manager of Incheon United.
The Night Safari is the world's first nocturnal zoo and is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Singapore.
As I Lay Dying is an American heavy metal band from San Diego, California. Founded in 2000 by vocalist Tim Lambesis, the band's first full lineup  was completed in 2001. 
Amy Jo Johnson (born October 6, 1970) is an American-Canadian actress, filmmaker, singer-songwriter, and director. Johnson began her acting career in her early twenties, in "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", and, after she left the series, went onto star in "Felicity", "The Division", and "Flashpoint" while pursuing a career as a musician and a filmmaker.
Olizy-sur-Chiers is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
His wife is a Japanese actress Rosa Kato.
Calvi  is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Ryan Briscoe (born 24 September 1981) is an Australian-American professional racing driver from Sydney who has predominantly raced open wheel and sports cars in Europe and America.
Sir Richard Henry Friend FRS FREng (born 18 January 1953) is a British physicist who is Cavendish Professor of Physics at the University of Cambridge and Tan Chin Tuan Centennial Professor at the National University of Singapore. Friend's research concerns the physics and engineering of carbon-based semiconductors.. He also serves as Chairman of the Scientific Advisory Board of the National Research Foundation  of Singapore.
Giant is an American melodic hard rock band that was formed in 1987. The band consisted of founding members Dann Huff  and Alan Pasqua , and had Dann's brother David Huff on drums and Mike Brignardello on bass. The Huff brothers were part of the founding members of the Christian rock band White Heart.
Lanseria International Airport is a privately owned international airport that is situated north of Randburg and Sandton to the north west of Johannesburg, South Africa. The airport can handle aircraft up to the size of the Boeing 757-300.
The English Schools Foundation  is an organisation that runs 22 educational institutions, most of which are international schools, in Hong Kong. It is the largest international educational foundation in Asia. 
Tom Price, situated in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, is a mining town. The town is located inland, at the edge of the Hamersley Range. Tom Price is the highest town above sea level  in Western Australia, and is consequently dubbed "Top Town in WA".
Roberto Boninsegna ( born 13 November 1943 in Mantua) is an Italian former football player, who mainly played as a forward. After retiring, he worked as a football manager. 
Magne Furuholmen (born 1 November 1962) is a Norwegian musician and visual artist. Furuholmen, better known to music fans by his stage name Mags, is the keyboardist of the synthpop/rock band A-ha, and co-wrote many of the band's hits including "Take On Me", "Stay on These Roads", "Manhattan Skyline", "Cry Wolf", "Forever Not Yours", "Analogue ", and "Foot of the Mountain".
Usingen is a small town in the Hochtaunuskreis in Hessen, Germany. Until 1972, this residential and school town was the seat of the former district of Usingen.
Joseph Leon Edel (9 September 1907 – 5 September 1997) was a North American literary critic and biographer. He was the elder brother of North American philosopher Abraham Edel.
Samuel Seabury (November 30, 1729February 25, 1796) was the first American Episcopal bishop, the second Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, and the first Bishop of Connecticut. He was a leading Loyalist in New York City during the American Revolution and a known rival of Alexander Hamilton.
Wolsingham is a small market town in Weardale, County Durham, England. It is situated by the River Wear, between Crook and Stanhope in North West Durham.
Conrail  was the primary Class I railroad in the Northeastern United States between 1976 and 1999. The trade name Conrail is a portmanteau based on the company's legal name, and while it no longer operates trains it continues to do business as an asset management and network services provider in three Shared Assets Areas that were excluded from the division of its operations during its acquisition by CSX Corporation and the Norfolk Southern Railway.
Scott Reeder (born May 16, 1965) is best known as the former bass player of stoner rock bands Across the River, Kyuss and The Obsessed, as well as the current bass player for Fireball Ministry.
Neustadt an der Waldnaab is a municipality in Bavaria, Germany, and capital of the district Neustadt an der Waldnaab.
Beiersdorf AG is a German personal-care company based in Hamburg, manufacturing personal-care products and pressure-sensitive adhesives. Its brands include Elastoplast, Eucerin , Labello, La Prairie, Nivea and tesa .
Teboho Aaron Mokoena (born 25 November 1980 in Boipatong), known as Aaron Mokoena, is a South African footballer who last played for South African football team Bidvest Wits and the South African national team.
CRRC Corporation Limited  is a Chinese publicly traded rolling stock manufacturer and is the largest rolling stock manufacturer in the world eclipsing Alstom and Siemens. 
Pamela Mary Brown (8 July 1917 – 19 September 1975) was an English stage and film actress.
The Liberty Corporation was a media corporation originally based out of Greenville, South Carolina. At its peak, Liberty owned 15 network-affiliated television stations across the Midwest and Southern regions of the United States. 
Harding is a town situated in the Mzimkulwana River valley, Ugu District Municipality of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
Sankt Wendel is a town in northeastern Saarland. It is situated on the river Blies 36 km northeast of Saarbrücken, the capital of Saarland, and is named after Saint Wendelin of Trier. 
Clearwater is a river of southern Alberta, Canada. Situated entirely in the Canadian Rockies and the Rocky Mountain foothills of Alberta, it is a glacier fed upper reach tributary of the North Saskatchewan River. 
The Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics, also known as BSUIR , is a public Higher Education Institution accredited by the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Belarus. Nowadays it is a large educational and scientific complex in Minsk, Belarus. 
General Sir John Eccles Nixon (16 August 1857 – 15 December 1921) was a senior commander of the British Indian Army. He gave the orders for the ultimately disastrous first British Expedition against Baghdad during the First World War.
Frank White (December 12, 1856March 23, 1940) was the eighth Governor of North Dakota from 1901 to 1905. A Republican, White also served as Treasurer of the United States from 1921 to 1928.
The Slovak Ore Mountains  are an extensive mountainous region of Slovakia's Spiš and Gemer region, and in small part in northern Hungary, within the Carpathians. It is the largest mountain range in Slovakia. In the geomorphological system, the Slovak Ore Mountains belong to the Inner Western Carpathians.
Pyotr Petrovich Schmidt  was one of the leaders of the Sevastopol Uprising during the Russian Revolution of 1905.
Harworth Colliery Football Club is an English football club based in Harworth and Bircotes, Nottinghamshire. The club are currently members of the .
The Hungarian National Philharmonic Orchestra  is one of the most prestigious symphony orchestras in Hungary. Based in the capital city of Budapest, it has stood as one of the pillars of the country's musical life since its founding in 1923 as the Metropolitan Orchestra . Zsolt Hamar is the current musical director.
Pasvalys  is a city in Panevėžys County, Lithuania, located near the bank of the Svalia River. Its sister city is Götene in Sweden.
Colt Studio Group is an American pornography company. Colt has produced gay pornography since 1967. Colt started in New York City, moved to Los Angeles for 25, and is now based in San Francisco, California.
Established in 1909, the Robert R. McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science is one of twelve constituent schools at Northwestern University. Most engineering classes are held in the Technological Institute (1942), which students commonly refer to as "Tech." 
Origin is an Australian listed public energy company with headquarters in Sydney. It is an Australian Stock Exchange publicly listed company.
The Bandama River is the longest river in Côte d'Ivoire with a length of some 800 kilometers. The south-flowing river is fed by the Marahoué, Solomougou, Kan and Nzi rivers and empties into the Tagba Lagoon and the Gulf of Guinea.
Iftimie Ilisei Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Medgidia, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Medgidia. 
Al Ahed Football Club  is a Lebanese football club based in the Ouzai district of Beirut. Founded in 1964 as "Al Huda Islamic Club", the club gradually moved up the divisions before reaching the Lebanese Football League for the first time in 1996. 
Nithsdale Wanderers Football Club are a senior football club based in Sanquhar in the Dumfries and Galloway area of Scotland. Their home ground is Lorimer Park and they currently play in the South of Scotland Football League. 
The Littoral Banovina or Littoral Banate , was a province  of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1929 and 1939. This province consisted of much of the Croatian region of Dalmatia and parts of present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina and was named for its coastal  location. The capital city of the Littoral Banovina was Split.
Candy is a European domestic appliance company originally based in Brugherio, near Milan. It is a subsidiary of Haier..
Aristocles of Messene , in Sicily, was a Peripatetic philosopher, who probably lived in the 1st century AD. He may have been the teacher of Alexander of Aphrodisias.
Heinrich Thyssen (31 October 1875 – 26 June 1947), after 22 June 1907 Heinrich Freiherr Thyssen-Bornemisza de Kászon et Impérfalva, was a German-Hungarian entrepreneur and art collector.
Eastern Virginia Medical School  is a public medical school in Norfolk, Virginia.
Graulhet is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
Jagatjit Cotton & Textile Football Club, often abbreviated as JCT FC, founded in 1971, is an Indian professional football club based in Hoshiarpur, Punjab. They are sponsored by Jagatjit Cotton and Textile Mills under the leadership of Samir Thapar and played in the national I-League and Punjab State Super League.
Bad Lobenstein is a spa town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany with a population of about 6,000 inhabitants. Until 2005, the town was named Lobenstein.
Radeberg is a small town in the district of Bautzen, Saxony, Germany. It is located approximately 20 kilometres north-east of Dresden. 
Soy Street  is a street in Mong Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong. It starts from Tak Cheong Street in the west, crosses several major streets including Nathan Road, and ends in Waterloo Road.
Clyde River  is an Inuit hamlet located on the shore of Baffin Island's Patricia Bay, off Clyde Inlet, an arm of Davis Strait in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, of Nunavut, Canada. It lies in the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain range. 
Josef "Pepi" Stiegler (born 20 April 1937 in Lienz, Austria) is a former alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist. He was a member of the Austrian national ski team during the late 1950s and early 1960s and was one of the world's premier racers. 
Rockpile was a British rock and roll group of the late 1970s and early 1980s, noted for its strong pub rock, rockabilly and power pop influences, and as a foundational influence on new wave. The band consisted of Dave Edmunds , Nick Lowe , Billy Bremner  and Terry Williams .
The Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic  is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of the Czech Republic. The seat of the Chamber of Deputies is Thun-Hohenstein Palace in Malá Strana, Prague. Officially, the full name of the chamber is: Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic.
Carl Hans Lody, alias Charles A. Inglis (20 January 1877 – 6 November 1914; name occasionally given as Karl Hans Lody), was a reserve officer of the Imperial German Navy who spied in the United Kingdom in the first few months of the First World War.
Franc Rode (or Rodé; born 23 September 1934) is a Slovenian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the prefect emeritus of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life, having served as prefect from 2004 to 2011. He was elevated to the cardinalate in 2006.
Charles Francis McLaughlin (June 19, 1887 – February 5, 1976) was a United States Representative from Nebraska and a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.
The International Commission for the Protection of the Danube River  is an international organisation with its permanent secretariat in Vienna. It was established by the Danube River Protection Convention, signed by the Danube countries in Sofia, Bulgaria, in 1994.
Shitdisco were a dance-punk band from Glasgow, Scotland. They formed in 2003 while studying at the Glasgow School of Art, consisting of 
James Pickens Jr. (born October 26, 1954) is an American actor. He is best known for his starring role as Dr. Richard Webber on the ABC medical drama television series "Grey's Anatomy", and for his supporting role as Deputy Director Alvin Kersh on later seasons of the Fox Network science fiction series "The X-Files".
The East Slovak Hills , also translated as Eastern Slovak Upland, is the higher, mountain-like part of the Eastern Slovak Lowland. 
Herman IV (c. 1015-July 1038) was the Duke of Swabia (1030–1038). He was the second son of Ernest I and Gisela of Swabia. He was one of the Babenberg dukes of Swabia.
Hartmannsdorf  is a small municipality in the district Mittweida, Free State of Saxony, Germany, near the town Chemnitz. As of 2005 it has a population of 4,805.
Gary McSheffrey (born 13 August 1982) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker or left winger. Since 2018, he has been part of the under-18s coaching team at Doncaster Rovers, one of his former clubs as a player.
Cannobio is a town and "comune" on the river Cannobino and the shore of Lago Maggiore in Piedmont, Italy.
Dorothy Edith Gilman (June 25, 1923 – February 2, 2012) was an American writer. She is best known for the Mrs. Pollifax series. Begun in a time when women in mystery meant Agatha Christie's Miss Marple and international espionage meant young government men like James Bond and the spies of John Le Carre and Graham Greene, Emily Pollifax, her heroine, became a spy in her 60s and is very likely the only spy in literature to belong simultaneously to the CIA and the local garden club.
Christian Albert  was a duke of Holstein-Gottorp and bishop of Lübeck.
Maddaloni  is a town and "comune" of Campania, Italy, in the province of Caserta, about southeast of Caserta, with stations on the railways from Caserta to Benevento and from Caserta to Naples.
Tobias "Toby" Gad (born 12 April 1968) is a Los Angeles-based German music producer/songwriter, best known for co-writing John Legend's biggest hit "All of Me" and for co-writing and producing "Big Girls Don't Cry" by Fergie and "If I Were a Boy" by Beyoncé. Other notable works include "Skyscraper" for Demi Lovato, "Who You Are" for Jessie J, "Untouched" for The Veronicas, "A Year Without Rain" for Selena Gomez & the Scene, "Don't Hold Your Breath" for Nicole Scherzinger, "Love You More" for JLS, and "I Do" for Colbie Caillat.
Martha Mary Coakley (born July 14, 1953) is an American lawyer and former Attorney General of Massachusetts. Prior to serving as Attorney General, she was District Attorney of Middlesex County, Massachusetts, from 1999 to 2007.
Angela Constance (born 15 July 1970) is a Scottish National Party  politician who served as Cabinet Secretary for Communities, Social Security and Equalities from May 2016 to June 2018. She has been the Member of the Scottish Parliament  for Almond Valley since 2007, and has held a series of ministerial posts in the Scottish Government from 2010 to 2018.
University of the West  is a private, not-for-profit, university located in Rosemead, California. It was founded in 1990 by Venerable Master Hsing Yun, founder of the Taiwan-based Buddhist order Fo Guang Shan and Hsi Lai Temple, the North American order headquarters. 
Zillow Group, Inc., or simply Zillow, is an online real estate database company that was founded in 2006, and was created by Rich Barton and Lloyd Frink, former Microsoft executives and founders of Microsoft spin-off Expedia, and Spencer Rascoff, a cofounder of Hotwire.com. In 2018, Zillow signed a partnership with Century 21 Canada to begin listing Canadian properties on the site, marking the first international country that Zillow.com supports. 
Adrian Voinea (born 6 August 1974) is a former Romanian tennis player who turned professional in 1993.
Saparmurat Turkmenbashi Olympic Stadium  was a multi-purpose stadium in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan, that stood on the site now occupied by the New Olympic Stadium, which is being built from 2013 until 2017.
Huy Fong Foods is an American hot sauce company based in Irwindale, California. Beginning in 1980 on Spring Street in Los Angeles's Chinatown, it has grown to become one of the leaders in the Asian hot sauce market, particularly in Sriracha sauce.
Christie Patricia Pearce (formerly Rampone; born June 24, 1975) is an American professional soccer defender. She is the former captain of the United States women's national soccer team. 
Forest Field Aerodrome is a small airport 10 nautical miles (18.5 km) to the northwest of Christchurch International Airport in Canterbury, New Zealand. The aerodrome is a privately operated airport.
Luciana Paluzzi (born 10 June 1937 in Rome, Kingdom of Italy) is an Italian American actress. She is best known for playing SPECTRE assassin Fiona Volpe in the fourth James Bond film, "Thunderball".
Sarah Abitbol (born 8 June 1975) is a French former pair skater. With skating partner Stéphane Bernadis, she is the 2000 World bronze medalist, the 2000 Grand Prix Final silver medalist, a seven-time European medalist , and a ten-time French national champion.
Thomas James Chilton (born 15 March 1985 in Reigate) is a British racing driver. He has spent most of his career competing in touring car racing; he was a former factory Vauxhall and Honda driver in the British Touring Car Championship, and currently drives for Sébastien Loeb Racing in the World Touring Car Championship. 
Lovere  is a town and "comune" in the province of Bergamo, in Lombardy, northern Italy, at the northwest end of Lake Iseo.
Bedburg-Hau is a municipality in the district of Cleves in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is located approximately 5 km south-east of Cleves.
Trisakti University  is Indonesia's largest private university located in Jakarta, Indonesia. Founded on 29 November 1965, the university has more than 20,000 active students and has produced more than 100,000 alumni. 
Blankenheim is a municipality in the district of Euskirchen in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Harsewinkel is a town in Gütersloh District in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It lies on the river Ems, some 15 km north-west of Gütersloh.
Dathina , the Dathina Sheikhdom , or sometimes the Dathina Confederation, was a state in the British Aden Protectorate, the Federation of Arab Emirates of the South, and its successor, the Federation of South Arabia. Its capital was Mudiyah.
The University of Oriente Venezuela  is one of the most important universities of Venezuela, located in Eastern Venezuela.
Mirabello Sannitico is a small town in the province of Campobasso, Molise, southern Italy. The population is about 2,100 inhabitants. 
Babinda is a small town and locality in the Cairns Region, Queensland, Australia. It is located south of Cairns.
Gordon Thomson (born March 2, 1945) is a Canadian actor widely known for his role as Adam Carrington on the 1980s American prime time soap opera "Dynasty".
Market Drayton Town Football Club is a football club based in Market Drayton, Shropshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Greenfields Sports Ground.
Svetlana Irekovna Ishmouratova  (born 20 April 1972) is a Russian biathlete. She lives in Chelyabinsk and is a soldier by profession.
KWES-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 9, is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Odessa, Texas, United States and serving the Permian Basin area. The station is owned by Tegna Inc. KWES-TV's studios are located on West County Road 127 in Midland, and its transmitter is located near Notrees, Texas. 
Clanwilliam is a town in the Olifants River valley in the Western Cape, South Africa, about north of Cape Town. It is located in, and the seat of, the Cederberg Local Municipality. Clanwilliam had a population of 7,674.
State Islamic University Syarif Hidayatullah Jakarta  Syarif Hidayatullah Jakarta, Arabic: جامعة شريف هداية الله الإسلامية الحكومية جاكرتا) is a public university in Indonesia. It is in Ciputat, South Tangerang, Banten, district in southern Jakarta.
The Venerable Louis of Granada, OP (1504 – 31 December 1588), was a Dominican friar who was noted as theologian, writer and preacher. The cause for his canonization has been long accepted by the Holy See.
Racconigi  is a town and "comune" in Piedmont, Italy. It is located in the province of Cuneo, south of Turin, and north of Cuneo by rail.
Boldklubben Avarta is a Danish football club currently playing in the Danish 2nd Division Pool 1, which ranks as the third best league in Denmark. Avarta's home ground is Espelundens Idrætsanlæg in Rødovre, Copenhagen, which has a capacity of 6,000.
Newington Butts is a former hamlet, now an area of the London Borough of Southwark, that gives its name to a segment of the A3 road running south-west from the Elephant and Castle junction. The road continues as Kennington Park Road leading to Kennington; a fork right is Kennington Lane, leading to Vauxhall Bridge.
Coleman is an urban community in the Rocky Mountains within the Municipality of Crowsnest Pass in southwest Alberta, Canada. It was formerly incorporated as a town prior to 1979 when it amalgamated with four other municipalities to form Crowsnest Pass.
Wadebridge Town Football Club is a football club based in Wadebridge, Cornwall, England, in the UK. They play in the . The club is affiliated to the Cornwall County Football Association.
Falmouth Town Association Football Club is a football club based in Falmouth, Cornwall, United Kingdom. They are currently members of the and play at Bickland Park. 
West Brompton is an area of south-west London, that straddles the boundary between the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham and Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. The centuries-old boundary was traced by Counter's Creek, now lost beneath the West London Line railway.
Sara Louise Gomer (born 13 May 1964) is a former tennis player from Great Britain.
Bestwig is a municipality in the Hochsauerland district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Frontier Florida LLC is a Frontier Communications operating company providing telephone service in Florida to former GTE and later Verizon regions.
The Southern Districts Football Club, nicknamed the Crocs, is an Australian rules football club established in 1981. The club plays in the Northern Territory Football League at semi-professional level and represent the rural area of Litchfield.
Philippe, Knight Herreweghe (born 2 May 1947, Ghent) is a Belgian conductor.
Coleshill Town Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Coleshill, Warwickshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Pack Meadow.
Shelley Rudman (born 23 March 1981) is one of Britain's most successful skeleton bobsleigh athletes, the 2013 world champion in that event, an Olympic silver medal at the 2006 Winter Olympic Games in skeleton and a former World Cup and European champion.
The Bosphorus Bridge , known officially as the 15 July Martyrs Bridge  and unofficially as the First Bridge , is one of the three suspension bridges spanning the Bosphorus strait  in Istanbul, Turkey, thus connecting Europe and Asia . The bridge extends between Ortaköy  and Beylerbeyi .
Fuzzy Door Productions, Inc. is the production company of television producer Seth MacFarlane, established in 1998. The company's productions include the animated series "Family Guy", "American Dad!", the "Family Guy" spin-off "The Cleveland Show", the live-action sitcom "The Winner," the science documentary series "" and the sci-fi comedy series "The Orville".
The Hungarian Air Force  is the air force branch of the Hungarian Defence Forces.
Wilhelm Heinrich Roscher (12 February 1845, in Göttingen – 9 March 1923, in Dresden) was a German classical scholar. He specialized in studies of Greek and Roman mythology.
Massey Ferguson F.C. are a football club based in Coventry, England. They joined the Midland Combination Division Two in 1993. 
Marty Ehrlich (born May 31, 1955) is a multi-instrumentalist  and is considered one of the leading figures in avant-garde jazz.
Jan Egil Storholt (born 13 February 1949) is a former speed skater from Norway. He was born in Trondheim.
Lee Edward Unkrich (born August 8, 1967) is an American director, film editor, screenwriter, and animator. He was a longtime member of the creative team at Pixar, where he started in 1994 as a film editor. 
Greenville Technical College is a technical college in South Carolina. Founded in 1960, it began operation in September 1962.
Adam James Hammill (born 25 January 1988) is an English footballer who plays as a winger for League One club Scunthorpe United.
Yaroslav I, Grand Prince of Rus, known as Yaroslav the Wise or Iaroslav the Wise (; , ; ;; ; c. 978 – 20 February 1054) was thrice grand prince of Veliky Novgorod and Kiev, uniting the two principalities for a time under his rule. Yaroslav's Christian name was George  after Saint George .
Leopoldo Fortunato Galtieri Castelli (; 15 July 1926 12 January 2003) was an Argentine general and President of Argentina from 22 December 1981 to 18 June 1982, during the last military dictatorship . The death squad, 601 Intelligence Battalion, directly reported to him. 
The Sudetenland  is the historical German name for the northern, southern, and western areas of former Czechoslovakia which were inhabited primarily by Sudeten Germans. These German speakers had predominated in the border districts of Bohemia, Moravia, and Czech Silesia from the time of the Austrian Empire.
Ava Lavinia Gardner (December 24, 1922 – January 25, 1990) was an American actress and singer. Gardner was signed to a contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1941, and appeared mainly in small roles until she drew attention with her performance in "The Killers" (1946). She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress for her work in "Mogambo" (1953), and also received BAFTA Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for other films.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton (November 12, 1815 – October 26, 1902) was an American suffragist, social activist, abolitionist, and leading figure of the early women's rights movement. Her Declaration of Sentiments, presented at the Seneca Falls Convention held in 1848 in Seneca Falls, New York, is often credited with initiating the first organized women's rights and women's suffrage movements in the United States. Stanton was president of the National American Woman Suffrage Association from 1890 until 1892.
Sir John Frederick William Herschel, 1st Baronet (; 7 March 1792 – 11 May 1871) was an English polymath, mathematician, astronomer, chemist, inventor, experimental photographer who invented the blueprint, and did botanical work.
Cecil Antonio "Tony" Richardson (5 June 1928 – 14 November 1991) was an English filmmaker. He was best known for directing the films "Tom Jones" (1963), which won him the Academy Award for Best Director; "The Hotel New Hampshire" (1984); and his final film, "Blue Sky" (1994).
Dakar  is the capital and largest city of Senegal. The city of Dakar proper has a population of 1,030,594, whereas the population of the Dakar metropolitan area is estimated at 2.45 million.
Carole Lombard (born Jane Alice Peters; October 6, 1908 – January 16, 1942) was an American film actress. She was particularly noted for her energetic, often off-beat roles in the screwball comedies of the 1930s. 
Thomas Lanier Williams III (March 26, 1911 – February 25, 1983), known by his pen name Tennessee Williams, was an American playwright. Along with contemporaries Eugene O'Neill and Arthur Miller, he is considered among the three foremost playwrights of 20th-century American drama.
Trapani  is a city and "comune" on the west coast of Sicily in Italy. It is the capital of the Province of Trapani. 
William Bradley Pitt (born December 18, 1963) is an American actor and film producer. He has received multiple awards and nominations including an Academy Award as producer under his own company, Plan B Entertainment.
Pope Nicholas V (; 13 November 1397 – 24 March 1455), born Tommaso Parentucelli, was Pope from 6 March 1447 until his death. Pope Eugene made him a cardinal in 1446 after successful trips to Italy and Germany, and when Eugene died the next year Parentucelli was elected in his place. 
Staines-upon-Thames is a town on the River Thames administered by Surrey County Council, England. Historically part of Middlesex, it was known to the Romans as Pontes or Ad Pontes, then as Stanes and subsequently Staines.
Richard Semler Barthelmess (May 9, 1895 – August 17, 1963) was an American film actor, principally of the Hollywood silent era. He starred opposite Lillian Gish in D. W. Griffith's "Broken Blossoms" (1919) and "Way Down East" (1920) and was among the founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in 1927. The following year, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for two films: "The Patent Leather Kid" and "The Noose". 
Alessi is a housewares and kitchen utensil company in Italy, manufacturing and marketing everyday items authored by a wide range of designers, architects, and industrial designers — including Achille Castiglioni, Richard Sapper, Alessandro Mendini, Ettore Sottsass, Wiel Arets, Zaha Hadid, Toyo Ito, Tom Kovac, Greg Lynn, MVRDV, Jean Nouvel, UN Studio, Michael Graves and Philippe Starck. 
The Uffizi Gallery  is a prominent art museum located adjacent to the Piazza della Signoria in the Historic Centre of Florence in the region of Tuscany, Italy. One of the most important Italian museums and the most visited, it is also one of the largest and best known in the world and holds a collection of priceless works, particularly from the period of the Italian Renaissance.
Pope Evaristus (died 107 AD) was Bishop of Rome, holding office from 99 to his death 107. He was also known as Aristus. He is venerated as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church, the Catholic Church, and Oriental Orthodoxy.
Robert Endre Tarjan (born April 30, 1948) is an American computer scientist and mathematician. He is the discoverer of several graph algorithms, including Tarjan's off-line lowest common ancestors algorithm, and co-inventor of both splay trees and Fibonacci heaps. Tarjan is currently the James S. McDonnell Distinguished University Professor of Computer Science at Princeton University, and the Chief Scientist at Intertrust Technologies Corporation.
Roberto Remigio Benigni (; born 27 October 1952) is an Italian actor, comedian, screenwriter and director. He co-wrote, directed and starred in the 1997 film "Life Is Beautiful", for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor at the 71st Oscars Ceremony . He also portrayed Inspector Clouseau's son in "Son of the Pink Panther" (1993) and has collaborated with filmmaker Jim Jarmusch on three of his films: "Down by Law" (1986), "Night on Earth" (1991) and "Coffee and Cigarettes" (2003).
Cambyses II , son of Cyrus the Great (r. 559–530 BC), ruled the Achaemenid Empire from 530 until his death in 522 BC.
Daniel Bernoulli FRS (; 29 January 1700 – 17 March 1782) was a Swiss mathematician and physicist and was one of the many prominent mathematicians in the Bernoulli family. He is particularly remembered for his applications of mathematics to mechanics, especially fluid mechanics, and for his pioneering work in probability and statistics. 
Lucius Cornelius Cinna (died 84 BC) was a four-time consul of the Roman Republic, serving four consecutive terms from 87 to 84 BC, and a member of the ancient Roman Cinna family of the Cornelii gens.
Charles the Bald (13 June 823 – 6 October 877) was the king of West Francia (843–877), king of Italy (875–877) and emperor of the Carolingian Empire (875–877). After a series of civil wars during the reign of his father, Louis the Pious, Charles succeeded by the Treaty of Verdun (843) in acquiring the western third of the Carolingian Empire. He was a grandson of Charlemagne and the youngest son of Louis the Pious by his second wife, Judith.
Paul-Michel Foucault (; 15 October 1926 – 25 June 1984), generally known as Michel Foucault , was a French philosopher, historian of ideas, social theorist, and literary critic.
The Arabian peninsula, simplified Arabia , is a peninsula of Western Asia situated northeast of Africa on the Arabian plate. From a geographical perspective, it is considered a subcontinent of Asia.
Thomas Graham (20 December 1805 – 16 September 1869) was a British chemist known for his pioneering work in dialysis and the diffusion of gases. He is regarded as one of the founders of colloid chemistry.
Oscar Ribeiro de Almeida Niemeyer Soares Filho (December 15, 1907 – December 5, 2012), known as Oscar Niemeyer , was a Brazilian architect considered to be one of the key figures in the development of modern architecture. Niemeyer was best known for his design of civic buildings for Brasília, a planned city that became Brazil's capital in 1960, as well as his collaboration with other architects on the headquarters of the United Nations in New York. 
Telex was a Belgian synthpop group formed in 1978 by Marc Moulin, Dan Lacksman and Michel Moers, with the intention of "making something really European, different from rock, without guitar — and the idea was electronic music".
Aspen is the home rule municipality that is the county seat and the most populous municipality of Pitkin County, Colorado, United States. Its population was 6,658 at the 2010 United States Census. Aspen is in a remote area of the Rocky Mountains' Sawatch Range and Elk Mountains, along the Roaring Fork River at an elevation just below above sea level on the Western Slope, west of the Continental Divide.
Pope Eugene IV (; 1383 – 23 February 1447), born Gabriele Condulmer, was Pope from 3 March 1431 to his death in 1447. He is the most recent pope to have taken the name "Eugene" upon his election.
Nellie Davis Tayloe Ross (November 29, 1876 – December 19, 1977) was an American politician, the 14th Governor of Wyoming from 1925 to 1927 and director of the United States Mint from 1933 to 1953. She was the first woman to be sworn in as governor of a U.S. state, and remains the only woman to have served as governor of Wyoming.
Jean Sibelius , born Johan Julius Christian Sibelius (8 December 186520 September 1957), was a Finnish composer and violinist of the late Romantic and early-modern periods. He is widely recognized as his country's greatest composer and, through his music, is often credited with having helped Finland to develop a national identity during its struggle for independence from Russia.
Pope Clement I (; Greek: ; died 99), also known as Saint Clement of Rome, is listed by Irenaeus and Tertullian as Bishop of Rome, holding office from 88 to his death in 99. He is considered to be the first Apostolic Father of the Church, one of the three chief ones together with Polycarp and Ignatius of Antioch.
Alfred Ernst Rosenberg ( – 16 October 1946) was the head of the Reich Ministry for the Occupied Eastern Territories and war criminal during the Nazi era. A Baltic German, he was a theorist and an influential ideologue of the Nazi Party. Rosenberg was first introduced to Adolf Hitler by Dietrich Eckart and held several important posts in the Nazi government.
Bernardo Bertolucci (; 16 March 1941 – 26 November 2018) was an Italian director and screenwriter, whose films include "The Conformist", "Last Tango in Paris", "1900", "The Last Emperor" , "The Sheltering Sky", "Little Buddha", "Stealing Beauty" and "The Dreamers."
Marcy Playground is an American alternative rock band consisting of three members: John Wozniak , Dylan Keefe , and Shlomi Lavie . The band is best known for their 1997 hit "Sex and Candy".
Roger Joseph Ebert (; June 18, 1942 – April 4, 2013) was an American film critic, historian, journalist, screenwriter, and author. He was a film critic for the "Chicago Sun-Times" from 1967 until his death in 2013. In 1975, Ebert became the first film critic to win the Pulitzer Prize for Criticism.
Piero Sraffa (5 August 1898 – 3 September 1983) was an influential Italian economist who served as lecturer of economics at the University of Cambridge. His book "Production of Commodities by Means of Commodities" is taken as founding the neo-Ricardian school of economics.
The Great Plains  is the broad expanse of flat land , much of it covered in prairie, steppe, and grassland, that lies west of the Mississippi River tallgrass prairie in the United States and east of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. and Canada. It embraces:
Daniel Webster (January 18, 1782 – October 24, 1852) was an American statesman who represented New Hampshire and Massachusetts in the United States Congress and served as the United States Secretary of State under Presidents William Henry Harrison, John Tyler, and Millard Fillmore. He was also a prominent attorney, especially during the period of the Marshall Court. Throughout his career, he was a member of the Federalist Party, the National Republican Party, and the Whig Party.
Meg Ryan (born Margaret Mary Emily Hyra; November 19, 1961) is an American actress and producer. Ryan began her acting career in 1981 in minor roles before joining the cast of the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" in 1982. 
Eric Idle (born 29 March 1943) is an English comedian, actor, voice actor, author, singer-songwriter, musician, writer, and comedic composer. Idle was a member of the British surreal comedy group Monty Python, a member of the parody rock band The Rutles, and the writer, for the music and lyrics, of the Broadway musical "Spamalot".
Alfred Josef Ferdinand Jodl (; 10 May 1890 – 16 October 1946) was a German general during World War II, who served as the Chief of the Operations Staff of the Armed Forces High Command .
Stephen Wolfram (; born 29 August 1959) is a British-American computer scientist, physicist, and businessman. He is known for his work in computer science, mathematics, and in theoretical physics. In 2012, he was named an inaugural fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Joseph Benedict Chifley (; 22 September 1885 – 13 June 1951) was an Australian politician who served as the 16th Prime Minister of Australia, in office from 1945 to 1949. He was leader of the Labor Party from 1945 until his death.
Sir Christopher Wren PRS FRS  was an English anatomist, astronomer, geometer, and mathematician-physicist, as well as one of the most highly acclaimed English architects in history.
Duke University is a private research university in Durham, North Carolina. Founded by Methodists and Quakers in the present-day town of Trinity in 1838, the school moved to Durham in 1892. 
Pope Eutychian (died 7 December 283), also called Eutychianus, was the Bishop of Rome from 4 January 275 to his death in 283.
Easter Island  is a Chilean island in the southeastern Pacific Ocean, at the southeasternmost point of the Polynesian Triangle in Oceania. Easter Island is most famous for its nearly 1,000 extant monumental statues, called "moai", created by the early Rapa Nui people. In 1995, UNESCO named Easter Island a World Heritage Site, with much of the island protected within Rapa Nui National Park.
Robert Charles Venturi Jr. (June 25, 1925 – September 18, 2018) was an American architect, founding principal of the firm Venturi, Scott Brown and Associates, and one of the major architectural figures of the twentieth century.
Frederick Loewe  Löwe" ; June 10, 1901 – February 14, 1988), was an Austrian-American composer. He collaborated with lyricist Alan Jay Lerner on a series of Broadway musicals, including "My Fair Lady" and "Camelot", both of which were made into films.
Chester William Nimitz, Sr. (; February 24, 1885 – February 20, 1966) was a fleet admiral of the United States Navy. 
Kensington is an affluent district in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea in the West End of central London.
Larry Joe Bird (born December 7, 1956) is an American former professional basketball player, former coach, and former executive who most recently served as President of Basketball Operations for the Indiana Pacers in the National Basketball Association . Nicknamed "The Hick from French Lick," Bird has been described as one of the greatest basketball players and greatest shooters of all time.
Titus (; ; 30 December 39 AD – 13 September 81 AD) was Roman emperor from 79 to 81. A member of the Flavian dynasty, Titus succeeded his father Vespasian upon his death, thus becoming the first Roman emperor to come to the throne after his own biological father.
Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett (11 June 1847 – 5 August 1929) was a British intellectual, political leader, activist and writer. She was the daughter of Newson and Louisa Garrett  and is primarily known for her work as a campaigner for women's suffrage.
Lieutenant Colonel Sir Archibald David Stirling, (15 November 1915 – 4 November 1990) was a Scottish officer in the British Army, mountaineer, and the founder of the Special Air Service. He saw active service during the Second World War.
Bikaner  is a city in the northwest of the state of Rajasthan, India. It is located northwest of the state capital, Jaipur. Bikaner city is the administrative headquarters of Bikaner District and Bikaner division.
Morbegno  is a little town in the low Valtellina Valley in Italy, on the left side of the Adda river. It is part of the province of Sondrio of Lombardy.
Solin  is a town in Dalmatia, Croatia. It is situated right northeast of Split, on the Adriatic Sea and the river Jadro.
Padilla de Abajo is a small village and municipality located in the province of Burgos, in the kingdom of Spain. It has a romanic chapel that hosts a figure of the Virgin Mary called "Nuestra Señora del Torreon". 
Provins  is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Stephen Joseph Malkmus (born May 30, 1966) is an American musician best known as the primary songwriter and lead singer and guitarist of the indie rock band Pavement. He currently performs with Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks.
Fletcher Summerfield Stockdale (c. 1823 – 4 February 1890) was a U.S. politician, lawyer, railroad official and Governor of Texas.
Jens Ola Johansson (born 2 November 1963, Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish keyboardist and pianist who currently plays in the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius and Ritchie Blackmore's rock project Rainbow. He is notable for his high-speed neoclassical and fusion style. 
Chivu Stoica (the family name being Chivu; 8 August 1908 – 18 February 1975) was a leading Romanian Communist politician, who served as 48th Prime Minister of Romania.
Caleb Strong (January 9, 1745 – November 7, 1819) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served as the sixth and tenth Governor of Massachusetts between 1800 and 1807, and again from 1812 until 1816. He assisted in drafting the Massachusetts State Constitution in 1779 and served as a state senator and on the Massachusetts Governor's Council before being elected to the inaugural United States Senate. A leading member of the Massachusetts Federalist Party, his political success delayed the decline of the Federalists in Massachusetts.
Santiago Botero Echeverry (born October 27, 1972 in Medellín, Colombia) is a Colombian former professional road bicycle racer. He was a pro from 1996 to 2010, during which time he raced in three editions of the Tour de France and four editions of the Vuelta a España . 
The Ohio Express is an American bubblegum pop band, formed in Mansfield, Ohio in 1967.
Peter Kowald (April 21, 1944 – September 21, 2002) was a German free jazz double bassist and tubist.
Benedetto Cairoli (28 January 1825 – 8 August 1889) was an Italian politician.
Gordon Russell Sullivan (born September 25, 1937) is a retired United States Army general, who served as the 32nd Chief of Staff of the Army and as a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Sullivan also served as acting Secretary of the Army.
KAKM, virtual channel 7 (VHF digital channel 8), is a Public Broadcasting Service  member television station licensed to Anchorage, Alaska, United States. Owned by Alaska Public Media, it is sister to National Public Radio  member station KSKA (91.1 FM). 
Cockerill-Sambre was a group of Belgian steel manufacturers headquartered in Seraing , on the Meuse River, and in Charleroi, on the shore of the Sambre River.
Bertram Grosvenor Goodhue (April 28, 1869 – April 23, 1924) was an American architect celebrated for his work in Gothic Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival design. He also designed notable typefaces, including Cheltenham and Merrymount for the Merrymount Press. 
Gerhard Richter (; born 9 February 1932) is a German visual artist. Richter has produced abstract as well as photorealistic paintings, and also photographs and glass pieces. 
Miriam Margolyes, (; born 18 May 1941) is a British-Australian actress and voice artist. Her earliest roles were in theatre and after several supporting roles in film and television she won a BAFTA Award for her role in "The Age of Innocence" (1993) and went on to take the role of Professor Sprout in the "Harry Potter" film series.
Joaquim Carvalho Cruz (born March 12, 1963) is a former Brazilian middle-distance runner, winner of the 800 meters at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He is one of only five men to run the 800 metres in less than 1 minute, 42 seconds.
Walldorf is a town in the Rhein-Neckar-Kreis district in the state of Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
David Andrew Patterson (born November 16, 1947) is an American computer pioneer and academic who has held the position of Professor of Computer Science at the University of California, Berkeley since 1976. He announced retirement in 2016 after serving nearly forty years, becoming a distinguished engineer at Google. 
Xilinx, Inc.  is an American technology company and is primarily a supplier of programmable logic devices.
Space are a British band from Liverpool, who formed in 1993 initially as a trio of Tommy Scott , Jamie Murphy  and Andy Parle . Keyboard player Franny Griffiths joined the line-up a year later, and the band came to prominence throughout the mid-1990s with hit singles such as "Female of the Species", "Me and You Versus the World", "Neighbourhood", "Avenging Angels" and "The Ballad of Tom Jones", the latter a duet with Cerys Matthews of Catatonia. 
Henry Laurens Mitchell (September 3, 1831 – October 14, 1903) was an American lawyer, judge, and politician. He served as the 16th Governor of Florida (1893–1897).
Rambouillet  is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France. It is located on the outskirts of Paris, southwest from the centre. Rambouillet is a sub-prefecture of the department.
Arnold Ruge (13 September 1802 – 31 December 1880) was a German philosopher and political writer. He was the older brother of Ludwig Ruge.
Merrimack College is a private American college in the Roman Catholic tradition located in North Andover, Massachusetts.
Aero Commander was an aircraft manufacturer formed in 1944. In subsequent years it became a subsidiary of Rockwell International and Gulfstream Aerospace. 
MU330 are a ska punk band from St. Louis, Missouri.
Garrett John Hedlund (born September 3, 1984) is an American actor, model, and singer. His films include "Friday Night Lights" (2004), "Troy" (2004), "Four Brothers" (2005), "Eragon" (2006), "Country Strong" (2010), "" (2010), "On the Road" (2012), "Inside Llewyn Davis" (2013), "Unbroken" (2014), "Pan" (2015), "Mudbound" (2017), and "Triple Frontier" (2019).
Danske Bank, formerly known as the National Irish Bank, is a bank operating in the Republic of Ireland. The bank is a subsidiary of the Danske Bank Group which is headquartered in Copenhagen.
Nogometni klub Primorje , commonly referred to as NK Primorje or simply Primorje, was a Slovenian football club which played in the town of Ajdovščina. Since the independence of Slovenia in 1991, Primorje have spent a total of 18 seasons in the Slovenian PrvaLiga until the club folded following the 2010–11 season when they were, due to a high financial debt, unable to obtain competition licences issued by the Football Association of Slovenia. Their best league result was the second place in the 1996–97 and 2001–02 seasons.
Augustdorf is a municipality in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It has an area of 42.18 km² and c. 9,600 inhabitants (2013).
Fire Bomber is a fictional rock band from the anime series "Macross 7" (and related projects such as "Macross 7 Trash", "Macross 7 Encore", and "Macross Dynamite 7"). In real life, Fire Bomber's music was performed by Yoshiki Fukuyama , Chie Kajiura , and occasionally by Tomo Sakurai . 
Adolph Alexander Weinman (December 11, 1870 – August 8, 1952) was a German-born American sculptor and architectural sculptor.
Robert Keyser "Bob" Schul (born September 28, 1937) is a former American long-distance runner. , he is the only American to have won an Olympic gold medal in the 5000 m, at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
Helmut Flieg or Hellmuth Fliegel (10 April 1913 – 16 December 2001) was a German writer, known by his pseudonym Stefan Heym. He lived in the United States  between 1935 and 1952, before moving back to the part of his native Germany which was, from 1949 to 1990, the German Democratic Republic . 
FC Tiraspol was a Moldovan football club based in Tiraspol, Moldova. They played in the Divizia Naţională, the top division in Moldovan football.
Brora Rangers Football Club are a senior part-time professional football club from the village of Brora, Sutherland, in the Highland council area of Scotland. They play in the Highland Football League, of which they have twice been champions, having won their first title in 2013–14 and successfully defended it in the 2014–15 season.
Constans II  was the eldest son of the Western Roman Emperor Constantine III and was appointed co-emperor by him from 409 to 411. He was killed during the revolts and fighting that ended his father’s reign.
The United Ulster Unionist Party  was a unionist political party which existed in Northern Ireland between 1975 and 1984.
Epica is a Dutch symphonic metal band, founded by guitarist and vocalist Mark Jansen after his departure from After Forever.
Princess Lilian of Sweden, Duchess of Halland (born Lillian May Davies, later Craig; 30 August 1915 – 10 March 2013), was a British fashion model who became a member of the Swedish royal family through her 1976 marriage to Prince Bertil, Duke of Halland (1912–1997). As such, she was a paternal aunt of King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden and a maternal aunt of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and Queen Anne-Marie of Greece.
Edward Albert Heimberger (April 22, 1906 – May 26, 2005), known professionally as Eddie Albert, was an American actor and activist. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1954 for his performance in "Roman Holiday", and in 1973 for "The Heartbreak Kid".
Sigvard Oscar Fredrik Bernadotte, Prince Bernadotte, Count of Wisborg (7 June 1907 – 4 February 2002), was a Swedish prince and industrial designer.
Joachim von Sandrart (12 May 1606 – 14 October 1688) was a German Baroque art-historian and painter, active in Amsterdam during the Dutch Golden Age. He is most significant for his collection of biographies of Dutch and German artists the "Teutsche Academie", published between 1675 and 1680.
Dirk Brouwer (September 1, 1902, Rotterdam – January 31, 1966, New Haven) was a Dutch-American astronomer.
Convergence for Social Democracy  is the only opposition party in Equatorial Guinea.
Granollers  is a city in central Catalonia, about 30 kilometers northeast of Barcelona. It is the capital and most densely populated city of the comarca of Vallès Oriental.
Barbara Hambly (born August 28, 1951) is an American novelist and screenwriter within the genres of fantasy, science fiction, mystery, and historical fiction. She has a bestselling mystery series featuring a free man of color, a musician and physician, in New Orleans in the antebellum years. She also wrote a novel about Mary Todd Lincoln.
Johann Christian Polycarp Erxleben was a German naturalist from Quedlinburg.
Margaret of Burgundy (; 1290 – 30 April 1315) was Queen of France and Navarre as the first wife King Louis X and I.
The Jersey Communist Party was a political party on the island of Jersey. The JCP seems to have had a semi-autonomous relation to the Communist Party of Great Britain.
Bethel College is a four-year private Christian liberal arts college in North Newton, Kansas, United States. It is affiliated with the Mennonite Church USA.
Noah Leslie Hathaway (born November 13, 1971) is an American actor and a former teen idol. He is best known for his roles as Atreyu in the 1984 film "the NeverEnding Story" and for portraying Boxey on the original television series "Battlestar Galactica". 
KITV, virtual channel 4 (UHF digital channel 20), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Honolulu, Hawaii, United States. The station is owned by SJL Broadcasting. 
Saurashtra, also known as Sorath or Kathiawar, is a peninsular region of Gujarat, India, located on the Arabian Sea coast. It covers about a third of Gujarat state, notably 11 districts of Gujarat, including Rajkot District.
John Savage (born John Smeallie Youngs; August 25, 1949) is an American actor, best known for his roles in the films "The Deer Hunter" (1978), "The Onion Field" (1979), "Hair" (1979) and "Salvador" (1986). He is also known for his role as Donald Lydecker in the TV series "Dark Angel".
Pagani Automobili S.p.A.  is an Ítalo-Argentinian manufacturer of sports cars and carbon fibre components. The company was founded in 1992 by Horacio Pagani and is based in San Cesario sul Panaro, near Modena, Italy and Santa Fe, Argentina. 
Moulay Brahim Boutayeb (; born 15 August 1967 in Khemisset) is a retired Moroccan track and field athlete. He was the winner of the 10,000 m race at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
The Moss Landing Marine Laboratories  is a multi-campus marine research consortium of the California State University System, headquartered at Moss Landing, California.
Southwest Baptist University  is a private institute of higher education affiliated with the Missouri Baptist Convention, which is part of the Southern Baptist Convention. In 2017, there was a total enrollment of 3,592 students attending at one of SBU's four Missouri campuses, located in the towns of Bolivar, Mountain View, Salem and Springfield.
Bruno Streckenbach (7 February 1902 – 28 October 1977) was a German SS functionary during the Nazi era. He was the head of Administration and Personnel Department of the Reich Main Security Office. 
Qualicum Beach is a town located on Vancouver Island British Columbia, Canada. At the 2016 census, it had a population of 8,943. It is situated at the foot of Mount Arrowsmith, along the Strait of Georgia on Vancouver Island's northeastern coast.
Courvoisier  is a brand of cognac owned by Beam Suntory, a subsidiary of Suntory Holdings of Osaka, Japan. The production is based in the town of Jarnac in the Charente region of France.
Hasil Adkins (April 29, 1937 – April 26, 2005) was an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. His genres include rock and roll, country, blues and more commonly rockabilly, and because of his unusual playing and singing style, he is often cited as an example of outsider music. 
Brent Anderson (born June 15, 1955, in San Jose, California) is an American comics artist known for his work on "" and the comic book series "Astro City".
AAI Corporation is an aerospace and defense development and manufacturing firm, located in Hunt Valley, Maryland, US. Formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of United Industrial Corporation, AAI was acquired by Textron in 2007. 
Loevestein Castle  is a medieval castle in the municipality of Zaltbommel, Gelderland, the Netherlands.
Gerhard Glogowski (born February 11, 1943 in Hanover) is a German politician .
Pierre Moscovici (, ; born 16 September 1957) is a French politician currently serving as the European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs, Taxation and Customs. Previously he served as a senior French politician, as Minister of Finance from 2012 to 2014 and as Minister for European Affairs between 1997 and 2002.
The Allstate is a badge engineered version of the Henry J American automobile that was offered for sale through Sears, Roebuck during the 1952 and 1953 model years.
Albert of Saxony (Latin: "Albertus de Saxonia"; c. 1320 – 8 July 1390) was a German philosopher known for his contributions to logic and physics. He was bishop of Halberstadt from 1366 until his death.
David Teniers the Elder (158229 July 1649), Flemish painter, was born at Antwerp.
Antoine-Jean Gros (16 March 177125 June 1835), titled as Baron Gros in 1824, was a French painter. His work was in the genres of history and neoclassical painting.
Annia Aurelia Galeria Lucilla or Lucilla (March 7, 148 or 150 – 182) was the second daughter and third child of Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius and Roman Empress Faustina the Younger. She was the wife of her father's co-ruler Lucius Verus and an elder sister to later Emperor Commodus. 
Bagelkhand or Baghelkhand is a region and also a mountain range in central India that covers the northeastern regions of Madhya Pradesh and a small area of southeastern Uttar Pradesh . It includes the Madhya Pradesh districts of Rewa, Satna, Shahdol, Sidhi, and Singrauli and Chitrakoot of Uttar Pradesh.
Oskar Albinus "Albin" Stenroos (25 February 1889 – 30 April 1971) was a Finnish runner, who won the marathon at the 1924 Olympics.
Paul H. Landers (born 9 December 1964) is a German musician, notable as guitarist for the Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein, and the punk rock band Feeling B.
Paul Bocuse (; 11 February 1926 – 20 January 2018) was a French chef based in Lyon who was known for the high quality of his restaurants and his innovative approaches to cuisine.
Sergey Kuzhugetovich Shoygu (, ; born 21 May 1955) is a Russian politician and General of the Army who has served as Minister of Defence of the Russian Federation and as Chairman of the Council of Ministers of Defense of the CIS since 2012. 
Edmond Jules Isidore Leburton (18 April 1915 – 15 June 1997) was a Belgian politician and former Prime Minister.
Norwich Airport is a small international airport in Hellesdon, Norfolk, England, north of Norwich. In 2017, Norwich Airport was the 29th busiest airport in the UK and busiest in the East Anglia region.
, better known by his mononymous stage name Gackt, is a Japanese musician, singer, songwriter, record producer and actor. 
Maurice Gustave Gamelin (20 September 1872 – 18 April 1958) was a French army general in the French Army. Gamelin is remembered for his disastrous command (until 17 May 1940) of the French military during the Battle of France (10 May–22 June 1940) in World War II and his steadfast defence of republican values.
Shilshole Bay is the part of Puget Sound east of a line drawn northeasterly from Seattle's West Point in the southwest to its Golden Gardens Park in the northeast. On its shores lie Discovery Park, the Lawton Wood section of the Magnolia neighborhood, the neighborhood of Ballard, and Golden Gardens Park. 
Andrew Robert George Robathan, Baron Robathan (born 17 July 1951) is a British Conservative politician, who served as Member of Parliament  for South Leicestershire  in Leicestershire as well as a government minister.
The Freedom Front Plus  is a national South African political party that was formed  in 1994. It is led by . 
Anne-Hilarion de Costentin, Comte de Tourville (24 November 1642, Paris – 23 May 1701) was a French naval commander who served under King Louis XIV. He was made Marshal of France in 1693.
Colleen Ann Fitzpatrick (born July 20, 1972), better known by her stage name Vitamin C, is an American pop music singer, songwriter, record producer, dancer, and actress. She began her career as an Ivory soap baby and child actress, appearing in John Waters' film "Hairspray" (1988), and continued to appear in minor roles in films before starting the alternative rock band Eve's Plum in 1991.
Bernard de Jussieu (; 17 August 1699 – 6 November 1777) was a French naturalist, younger brother of Antoine de Jussieu.
New Right  was a nationalist Dutch political party, founded by Michiel Smit in February 2003 and dissolved in December 2007.
Sir Robert Andrew Raymond Syms (born 15 August 1956) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He has been the Member of Parliament  for Poole in Dorset since 1997. He was granted a knighthood on 12 October 2017.
Tiverton  is a town and civil parish in the English county of Devon and the main commercial and administrative centre of the Mid Devon district. It has also become a dormitory town for commuters to Exeter and Taunton. 
Canning Town is a district in East London, England, it has formed part of the London Borough of Newham since 1965. It is located in the area of the former Royal Docks on the north side of the River Thames, and is the location of Rathbone Market. It is part of the traditional county of Essex, but for administrative purposes has been part of Greater London since 1965, following the passing of the London Government Act 1963 and was historically part of West Ham.
Halifax Town Association Football Club was an English football club, which played in the Football League from 1921–1993 and 1998–2002.
The National Solar Observatory  is a United States public research institute to advance the knowledge of the physics of the Sun.
Fritz Julius Kuhn (May 15, 1896 – December 14, 1951) was the leader of the German American Bund before World War II. He became a naturalized United States citizen in 1934, but his citizenship was cancelled in 1943, and he was deported in 1945. He was an American supporter of the German Nazi government led by Adolf Hitler that ruled Germany from 1933 to 1945.
Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui  was the ninth Sapa Inca (1418–1471/1472) of the Kingdom of Cusco which he transformed into the Inca Empire . Most archaeologists now believe that the famous Inca site of Machu Picchu was built as an estate for Pachacuti.
The , formerly romanized as Whangpoo, is a long river flowing through Shanghai that was first excavated and created by Lord Chunshen, one of the Four Lords of the Warring States during the Warring States period (475 BC - 221 BC). It is the last significant tributary of the Yangtze before it empties into the East China Sea. The Bund and Lujiazui are located along the river.
Itzcoatl  (1380-1440) was the fourth king of Tenochtitlan, ruling from 1427 (or 1428) to 1440, the period when the Mexica threw off the domination of the Tepanecs and laid the foundations for the eventual Aztec Empire.
Jack Wild (30 September 1952 – 1 March 2006) was an English actor and singer, best known for his debut role as the Artful Dodger in "Oliver!" (1968), for which he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor as well as Golden Globe and BAFTA nominations.
Wright State University is a public research university in Dayton, Ohio, United States, with an additional branch campus located on Grand Lake St. Marys. Originally operating itself as a branch campus, Wright State became an independent institution in 1967 and was named in honor of the aviation pioneers Orville and Wilbur Wright, who were residents of nearby Dayton. 
Jacques-Germain Soufflot (22 July 1713 – 29 August 1780) was a French architect in the international circle that introduced neoclassicism. His most famous work is the "Panthéon" in Paris, built from 1755 onwards, originally as a church dedicated to Saint Genevieve.
Unkle  are a British musical outfit founded in 1992 by James Lavelle. Originally categorised as trip hop, the group once included producer DJ Shadow and have employed a variety of guest artists and producers.
Ronald Joseph Livingston (born June 5, 1967) is an American actor. Livingston is known for his starring role as Peter Gibbons in the 1999 film "Office Space", as well as his role as Captain Lewis Nixon in the 2001 miniseries "Band of Brothers."
Illinois Wesleyan University is an independent, exclusively undergraduate liberal arts college in Bloomington, Illinois. Founded in 1850, the central portion of the present campus was acquired in 1854 with the first building erected in 1856. 
The Revolutionary Communist Group  is a communist, Marxist–Leninist political organisation in the United Kingdom.
Rostov  is a town in Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia, one of the oldest in the country and a tourist center of the Golden Ring. It is located on the shores of Lake Nero, northeast of Moscow. Population: 
Frederick James Prinze Jr. (born March 8, 1976) is an American actor. He has starred in films such as "I Know What You Did Last Summer" (1997), "I Still Know What You Did Last Summer" (1998), "She's All That" (1999), "Summer Catch" (2001), "Scooby-Doo" (2002), and its sequel "" (2004). Prinze has also had recurring and starring roles in television shows, including "Friends" (2002), "Boston Legal" (2004), "Freddie" (2005–06) and "24" (2010), and voiced Kanan Jarrus in the Disney XD series "Star Wars Rebels.
Emma Dorothy Eliza Nevitte Southworth (December 26, 1819June 30, 1899) was an American writer of more than 60 novels in the latter part of the 19th century. She was the most popular American novelist of her day.
Okonek  is a town in Poland, in Greater Poland Voivodeship, with approximately 4,200 inhabitants. Town and commune in Złotów County. 
James Hovis Hodges (born November 19, 1956) is an American businessman, attorney, and politician who served as the 114th Governor of South Carolina from 1999 to 2003. Since his victory in 1998, Hodges has remained the only Democrat elected to the South Carolina Governor's office since the 1982 election.
The Golden Key International Honour Society  is an Atlanta, Georgia-based non-profit organization founded in 1977 to recognize academic achievement among college and university students.
John Denis Martin Nunn (born 25 April 1955 in London) is an English chess grandmaster, a three-time world champion in chess problem solving, a chess writer and publisher, and a mathematician. He is one of England's strongest chess players and was formerly in the world's top ten.
Jalandhar is a city in the Indian state of Punjab. Jalandhar lies alongside the Grand Trunk Road and is a well-connected rail and road junction. Jalandhar is 144 km northwest of Chandigarh, the state capital of Punjab and Haryana.
Antonio Di Pietro (born 2 October 1950) is an Italian politician and lawyer. He was a minister in government of Romano Prodi, a Senator, and a Member of the European Parliament. He was a prosecutor in the "Mani Pulite" corruption trials in the early 1990s.
Socialist Action is a Trotskyist political party in the United States. It publishes the monthly "Socialist Action" newspaper, has a youth affiliate called Youth for Socialist Action  and is associated with the Fourth International.
William Francis Deedes, Baron Deedes, (1 June 1913 – 17 August 2007) was a British Conservative Party politician, army officer and journalist; he was the first person in Britain to have been both a member of the Cabinet and the editor of a major daily newspaper, "The Daily Telegraph".
Carnac  is a commune beside the Gulf of Morbihan on the south coast of Brittany in the Morbihan department in north-western France.
The Cache la Poudre River , also known as the Poudre River, is a river in the state of Colorado in the United States.
Alphaville is a German synth-pop band which gained popularity in the 1980s. The founding members were lead singer Marian Gold (real name: Hartwig Schierbaum, born 26 May 1954 in Herford), Bernhard Lloyd (real name: Bernhard Gössling, born 2 June 1960 in Enger), and Frank Mertens (real name: Frank Sorgatz, born 26 October 1961 in Enger). They achieved chart success with the singles "Forever Young", "Big in Japan", "Sounds Like a Melody", "The Jet Set" and "Dance with Me".
Edward Palmer (September 1, 1809 – November 3, 1889) was a Canadian politician born at Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island and resided in Prince Edward Island until his death. He is considered one of the Fathers of Canadian Confederation, despite his opposition to Confederation, as he was a delegate to both the Charlottetown and Québec Conferences.
The Parti National Social Chrétien  was a Canadian political party formed by Adrien Arcand in February 1934. The party identified with antisemitism, and German leader Adolf Hitler's Nazism. 
The Big Bend is a colloquial name of a geographic region in the western part of the state of Texas in the United States along the border with Mexico, roughly defined as the counties north of the prominent northward bend in the Rio Grande as it passes through the gap between the Chisos Mountains in Texas and the Sierra Madre Oriental in Mexico. It is sometimes loosely defined as the part of Texas south of U.S. Highway 90 and west of the Pecos River. The region includes three counties in Texas: Brewster, Jeff Davis and Presidio.
Francisco Fernández de Bobadilla (c. 1450, Kingdom of Aragon - 11 July 1502, Mona Passage) was a Spanish conquistador, colonial administrator, and Knight of the Order of Calatrava. He was the second Governor of the West Indies, replacing Christopher Columbus.
Jean-Dominique, comte de Cassini (30 June 174818 October 1845) was a French astronomer, son of César-François Cassini de Thury.
Scott Douglas "Scooter" Altman (born August 15, 1959) is a retired United States Navy Captain, engineer, test pilot and former NASA astronaut. He is a veteran of four Space Shuttle missions. His fourth mission on STS-125 was the last servicing mission to the Hubble Space Telescope.
Pedro Francisco Duque Duque, OF, OMSE (Madrid, 14 March 1963) is a Spanish astronaut and aeronautics engineer who serves as Minister of Science, Innovation and Universities of the Government of Spain. He is also Member of the Congress of Deputies since May 2019. He was the first Spanish astronaut.
Fallujah  is a city in the Iraqi province of Al Anbar, located roughly west of Baghdad on the Euphrates. Fallujah dates from Babylonian times and was host to important Jewish academies for many centuries.
Thessaloniki Airport , officially Thessaloniki Airport "Makedonia"  and formerly Mikra Airport, is an international airport serving Thessaloniki, the second-largest city in Greece. It is located southeast of the city, in Thermi.
John Bennett Herrington (born September 14, 1958 in Chickasaw Nation) is a retired United States Naval Aviator and former NASA astronaut. In 2002, Herrington became the first enrolled member of a Native American tribe to fly in space.
Patricia Davies Clarkson (born December 29, 1959) is an American actress. She has starred in numerous leading and supporting roles in a variety of films, ranging from independent features to major studio productions. Her accolades include one Academy Award nomination, two Golden Globe Award nominations, four Screen Actors Guild Award nominations, one Tony Award nomination, two Primetime Emmy Awards, two National Society of Film Critics Awards, and one British Independent Film Award.
Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau (28 May 1925 – 18 May 2012) was a German lyric baritone and conductor of classical music, one of the most famous Lieder  performers of the post-war period, best known as a singer of Franz Schubert's Lieder, particularly ""Winterreise"" of which his recordings with accompanist Gerald Moore and Jörg Demus are still critically acclaimed half a century after their release.
Margaret Olivia Hillier (born 14 February 1969) is a British Labour Co-operative politician who was first elected as the Member of Parliament  for Hackney South and Shoreditch at the 2005 general election, and was a junior government minister (2007–10) and was succeeded by Caroline Flint as Shadow Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change in the Labour Party October 2011 reshuffle.
Dame Janet Abbott Baker (born 21 August 1933) is an English mezzo-soprano best known as an opera, concert, and lieder singer.
Tokugawa Ieshige; 徳川 家重 (January 28, 1712 – July 13, 1761) was the ninth "shōgun" of the Tokugawa shogunate of Japan.
Kenneth Dale "Taco" Cockrell (born April 9, 1950) is an American astronaut and a veteran of five space shuttle missions.
SSL, formerly Space Systems/Loral, LLC , of Palo Alto, California, is a wholly owned manufacturing subsidiary of Maxar Technologies.
Ephraim ;  was, according to the Book of Genesis, the second son of Joseph and Asenath. Asenath was an Egyptian woman whom Pharaoh gave to Joseph as wife, and the daughter of Potipherah, a priest of On. 
Xenophon Zolotas (, 26 April 1904 – 10 June 2004) was a Greek economist and served as an interim non-party Prime Minister of Greece.
The University of Glasgow's Hunterian is the oldest museum in Scotland. It covers the Hunterian Museum, the Hunterian Art Gallery, the Mackintosh House, the Zoology Museum and the Anatomy Museum, all located in various buildings on the main campus of the University in the west end of Glasgow.
Frances Curran (born 21 May 1961) is a former co-chair of the Scottish Socialist Party and a former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the West of Scotland region during 2003–2007.
Sir Maurice Vincent Wilkes (26 June 1913 – 29 November 2010) was a British computer scientist who designed and helped build the Electronic delay storage automatic calculator , one of the earliest stored program computers and invented microprogramming, a method for using stored-program logic to operate the control unit of a central processing unit's circuits. At the time of his death, Wilkes was an Emeritus Professor of the University of Cambridge.
Allegheny College is a private liberal arts college in Meadville, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1815, Allegheny is the oldest college in continuous existence under the same name west of the Allegheny Mountains. It is a member of the Great Lakes Colleges Association and the North Coast Athletic Conference and it is regionally accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education.
Saint-Maur-des-Bois is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Simon Richard Green (born 25 August 1955) is a British science fiction and fantasy author.
The Incredible String Band  were a British psychedelic folk band formed by Clive Palmer, Robin Williamson and Mike Heron in Edinburgh in 1966. The band built a considerable following, especially in the British counterculture, notably with their albums "The 5000 Spirits or the Layers of the Onion", "The Hangman's Beautiful Daughter", and "Wee Tam and the Big Huge". They became pioneers in psychedelic folk and, through integrating a wide variety of traditional music forms and instruments, in the development of world music. 
Saint-Brieuc  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Cheung Kong  Limited, was a multinational conglomerate, based in Hong Kong. It was one of Hong Kong's leading multi-national conglomerates. 
Melchior Hoffman zer" "furrier"; c. 1495c. 1543) was an Anabaptist prophet and a visionary leader in northern Germany and the Netherlands.
Enrica Bianchi Colombatto (born 23 July 1942 in Brescia, Lombardy) is an Italian actress, usually known by her stagename of Erika Blanc.
Cecilia Helena Payne-Gaposchkin  was a British-born American astronomer and astrophysicist who proposed in her 1925 doctoral thesis that stars were composed primarily of hydrogen and helium. Her groundbreaking conclusion was initially rejected because it contradicted the scientific wisdom of the time, which held that there were no significant elemental differences between the Sun and Earth. 
Tiberius Claudius Marinus Pacatianus (died "c." 248) was a usurper in the Danube area of the Roman Empire during the time of Philip the Arab.
Seeheim-Jugenheim is a municipality in the Darmstadt-Dieburg district in Hesse, Germany. It has a population of approximately 17,000.
The Bighorn River is a tributary of the Yellowstone, approximately long, in the states of Wyoming and Montana in the western United States. The river was named in 1805 by fur trader François Larocque for the bighorn sheep he saw along its banks as he explored the Yellowstone.
Johann Jacob Dillen Dillenius (1684–2 April 1747) was a German botanist.
Fetlar is one of the North Isles of Shetland, Scotland, with a usually resident population of 61 at the time of the 2011 census. Its main settlement is Houbie on the south coast, home to the Fetlar Interpretive Centre. Fetlar is the fourth-largest island of Shetland and has an area of just over .
The Red Cedar River is a tributary of the Grand River in central Michigan in the United States. The river is approximately long and drains a watershed of approximately in the Lansing–East Lansing metropolitan area and suburban and rural areas to the east.
Talksport , owned by Wireless Group, is a sports radio station and the Global Audio Partner of the Premier League.
Ryan Joseph Giggs, ("born" Wilson; born 29 November 1973) is a Welsh football coach and former player. He is the manager of the Wales national team and a co-owner of Salford City. He played his entire professional career for Manchester United, and briefly served as Manchester United's interim manager.
Allagash is a town in Aroostook County, Maine. it is on the Allagash River in the North Maine Woods region.
Frenchville  is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,087 at the 2010 census: 80 percent are habitual speakers of French, aided by its proximity to French-speaking Quebec and New Brunswick in Canada.
Mapleton is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,948 at the 2010 census.
Sherman is a town in Aroostook County, Maine, United States. The population was 848 at the 2010 census.
Baldwin is a town in Cumberland County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,525 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine, metropolitan statistical area.
Jay is a town in Franklin County, Maine, United States. The population was 4,851 at the 2010 United States Census. Jay includes the village of Chisholm.
Dedham is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,681 at the 2010 census. 
Sedgwick is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,196 at the 2010 census. The town includes the village of "Sargentville".
Monmouth is a town in Kennebec County, Maine, United States. The population was 4,104 at the 2010 census. 
Washington, officially the Town of Washington, is a town in Knox County, Maine. The population was 1,527 at the 2010 United States Census.
Hanover is a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States. The population was 238 at the 2010 census. The town is a popular vacation and recreation area.
West Paris is a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,812 at the 2010 census.
Corinth is a town in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. The population was 2,878 at the 2010 census.
Hudson is a town in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,536 at the 2010 census.
Passadumkeag is a town on the east bank of the Penobscot River at the confluence with the Passadumkeag River in Penobscot County, Maine, United States. The population was 374 at the 2010 census. "Passadumkeag" is a word of the Penobscot people meaning "quick water".
Bowdoin is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,061 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
Moscow is a town in Somerset County, Maine, United States. The population was 512 at the 2010 census.
Searsmont is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,392 at the 2010 census.
Lubec  is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,359 at the 2010 census. Lubec is the easternmost town in the contiguous United States  and is the closest continental location to Africa in the United States.
Lonaconing is a town in Allegany County, Maryland, along the Georges Creek Valley. It is part of the Cumberland, MD-WV Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,214 at the 2010 census.
Hillsboro is a town in Caroline County, Maryland. The population was 161 at the 2010 United States Census. Daffin House and St. Paul's Episcopal Church were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
North East is a town in Cecil County, Maryland, United States. It is located between Philadelphia and Baltimore. The population was 3,572 at the 2010 census.
Hurlock is a town in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States. The population was 2,092 at the 2010 census.
Deer Park is a town in Garrett County, Maryland, United States. The population was 399 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Pittsburgh Media Market.
Chestertown is a town in Kent County, Maryland, United States. The population was 5,252 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Kent County.
Berwyn Heights is a town in Prince George's County, Maryland, USA. The population was 3,123 at the 2010 United States Census. It is bordered by College Park to the west, Greenbelt to the northeast, and Riverdale Park to the south.
University Park is a town in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The population was 2,548 at the 2010 census.
Boonsboro is a town in Washington County, Maryland, United States, located at the foot of South Mountain. It nearly borders Frederick County and is proximate to the Antietam National Battlefield. The population was 3,336 at the 2010 census.
Sharptown is a town in Wicomico County, Maryland, United States. The population was 651 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Salisbury, Maryland-Delaware Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Monterey is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 961 at the 2010 census.
Attleboro is a city in Bristol County, Massachusetts, United States. It was once known as "The Jewelry Capital of the World" for its many jewelry manufacturers. 
Gosnold is a town that encompasses the Elizabeth Islands in Dukes County, Massachusetts, United States. At the 2010 census, the town population was 75, making it the least populous town in Massachusetts. 
Bernardston  is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 2,129 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
New Salem is a town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 990 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Monson is a town in Hampden County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Middlefield is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 521 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Springfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Boxborough is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 4,996 at the 2010 census. 
North Reading  is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 14,892 at the 2010 census.
Plainville is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. The population at the 2010 census was 8,264. Plainville is part of the Boston and Providence metropolitan areas.
Pembroke is a town in Plymouth County, Massachusetts, United States. Pembroke is a South Shore–suburb of the Boston metropolitan area. The population was 17,837 at the 2010 census.
Boylston is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 4,355 at the 2010 census.
Lancaster is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, in the United States. Incorporated in 1653, Lancaster is the oldest town in Worcester County. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 8,055.
Sterling is a town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, USA. The population was 7,808 at the 2010 census.
Au Gres is a city in Arenac County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 889 at the 2010 census.
Bronson is a city located in west central Branch County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,349 at the 2010 census.
DeWitt is the name of a city and a township in Clinton County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population of the city was 4,507 at the 2010 census.
Harbor Springs is a city and resort community in Emmet County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,194 at the 2010 census.
Beaverton is a city in Gladwin County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,071 at the 2010 census.
Bad Axe is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Huron County in the "Thumb" region of the Lower Peninsula. The population was 3,129 at the 2010 census. The population was 3,462 at the 2000 census, making it the largest community in Huron County and second largest in the Thumb, after Caro .
Portage is a city in Kalamazoo County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 46,292 in the 2010 census. 
Adrian is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of Lenawee County. The population was 21,133 at the 2010 census. Adrian lies in Michigan's 7th congressional district.
Manistee Township is located to the northeast of the city, but is politically separate. The city is located at the mouth of the Manistee River on Lake Michigan.
Montague is a city in Muskegon County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,361 at the 2010 census. The city is located within Montague Township, but is politically independent.
Bloomfield Hills is a city located in Metro Detroit's northern suburbs in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan, 20.2 miles (32.5 km) northwest of downtown Detroit. The city is almost completely surrounded by Bloomfield Township. 
Kampen  is a city and municipality in the province of Overijssel, Netherlands. A member of the former Hanseatic League, it is located at the lower reaches of the river IJssel.
Sylvan Lake is a city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,720 at the 2010 census. It borders Pontiac, the county seat, northeast.
Marlette is a city in Sanilac County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,875 at the 2010 census. The city is located within Marlette Township, but is politically autonomous.
Bangor is a city in Van Buren County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,885 at the 2010 census. The city is located in the northeast corner of Bangor Township, but is politically independent.
Hamtramck  is a city in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 22,423. 
Aitkin  is a city in Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,165 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Aitkin County.
Columbia Heights is a city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 19,496 at the 2010 census.
Lake Park is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 881 at the 2010 census.
Ronneby is an unincorporated community and census-designated place  in Maywood Township, Benton County, Minnesota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 67. The community is located along State Highway 23 (MN 23) near Benton County Road 6.
New Ulm is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 13,522 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Brown County.
Carver is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 3,724 at the 2010 census. 
Lake Shore is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,004 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Brainerd Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Taylors Falls is a city in Chisago County, Minnesota, United States, located at the junction of U.S. Highway 8 and Minnesota State Highway 95. The population was 976 at the 2010 census.
Bagley is a city in Clearwater County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,392 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Clearwater County.
Cuyuna  is a city in Crow Wing County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 332 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Brainerd Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Apple Valley is a city in northwestern Dakota County in the State of Minnesota, and a suburb of the Twin Cities. As of the 2010 census, the city's population was 49,084, making it the 18th most populous city in Minnesota. 
Sunfish Lake is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 521 at the 2010 census. 
Forada is a city in Douglas County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 185 at the 2010 census.
Peterson is a city in Fillmore County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 199 at the 2010 census.
Hayward is a city in Freeborn County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 250 at the 2010 census.
Corcoran is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 5,379 at the 2010 census.
Loretto is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 650 at the 2010 census.
Caledonia is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States and is part of the La Crosse, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 2,868 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Houston County.
Calumet is a city in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 367 at the 2010 census.
Squaw Lake is a city in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 107 at the 2010 census.
Spicer is a city in Kandiyohi County, Minnesota, United States situated on Green Lake. The population was 1,167 at the 2010 census. Sibley State Park and many surrounding lakes are nearby.
Northome is a city located in the southwestern corner of Koochiching County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 200 at the 2010 census. The county seat is International Falls, about away.
Ghent is a city in Lyon County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 370 at the 2010 census.
Viking is a city in Marshall County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 104 at the 2010 census.
Litchfield is a city in and the county seat of Meeker County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 6,726 at the 2010 census. 
Sobieski is a city in Morrison County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 195 at the 2010 census.
Fulda is a city in Murray County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,318 at the 2010 census.
Byron is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States, approximately 5 miles west of Rochester on U.S. Route 14. It is surrounded by Kalmar Township. The population was 4,914 at the 2010 census.
Elizabeth is a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 173 at the 2010 census.
Underwood is a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 341 at the 2010 census.
Hinckley is a city in Pine County, Minnesota, United States, located at the junction of Interstate 35 and Minnesota State Highway 48. The population was 1,800 at the 2010 census.
East Grand Forks  is a city in Polk County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 8,601 at the 2010 Census, making it the largest community in Polk County.
Glenwood is a city and the county seat of Pope County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 2,564 at the 2010 census. It is located on the northeastern shore of Lake Minnewaska.
Oklee is a city in Red Lake County, Minnesota, United States on Minnesota State Highway 222. The population was 435 at the 2010 census.
Wabasso is a city in Redwood County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 696 at the 2010 census.
Morristown is a city in Rice County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 987 at the 2010 census. Morristown was platted in 1855, and named for Jonathan Morris, a pioneer settler.
Zimmerman is a city in Sherburne County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 5,228 at the 2010 census.
Buhl is a city in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,000 at the 2010 census.
Leonidas is a city in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 52 at the 2010 census.
Belgrade is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 740 at the 2010 census. It is part of the St. Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area.
St. Joseph is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 6,534 at the 2010 census and according to 2018 census estimates is now 7,147. It is home to the College of Saint Benedict.
Eagle Bend is a city in Todd County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 535 at the 2010 census.
Millville is a city along the Zumbro River in Wabasha County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 182 at the 2010 census.
Dellwood is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States and a suburb of St. Paul. The population was 1,063 at the 2010 census.
Oak Park Heights is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 4,339 at the 2010 census.
Wolverton is a city in Wilkin County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 142 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Wahpeton, ND–MN Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Annandale is a city in Wright County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 3,228 at the 2010 census.
Canby is a city in Yellow Medicine County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,795 at the 2010 census.
Merigold  is a town in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 439 at the 2010 census, down from 664 in 2000.
Quitman is a city in Clarke County, Mississippi, United States, along the Chickasawhay River. The population was 2,323 at the 2010 census. Quitman is the county seat of Clarke County.
Roxie is a town in Franklin County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 497 at the 2010 census, down from 569 at the 2000 census. This rural town developed with the construction of railroads in the area.
Utica is a town in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 820 at the 2010 census, down from 966 at the 2000 census. Utica is part of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Scooba is a town in Kemper County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 732 at the 2010 census.
Byhalia , pronounced "bye-HAIL-yah" by some residents, is a town in Marshall County, Mississippi. The population was 1,302 as of the 2010 census.
Sardis is a town in Panola County, Mississippi. As of the 2000 census, the town population was 2,038. Sardis is one of two county seats for Panola County, Mississippi; the other is Batesville, on the south side of the Tallahatchie River.
Richland is a city in Rankin County, Mississippi. The population was 6,027 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Jackson Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Senatobia is a city in and the county seat of Tate County, Mississippi, and is the 16th largest municipality in the Memphis Metropolitan Area. The population was 8,165 at the 2010 census.
Bentonia is a town in Yazoo County, Mississippi. The population was 500 at the 2000 census. 
Cassville is a city in Flat Creek Township, Barry County, Missouri, United States. According to 2010 census the population of Cassville was 3,266, and is estimated to have been 3,340 in 2016. It is the county seat of Barry County.
Warsaw is a city located in Benton County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,127 at the 2010 census. Warsaw is the county seat of Benton County.
New Bloomfield is a city in Callaway County, Missouri, United States. The population was 669 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Jefferson City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Garden City is a city in Cass County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,642 at the 2010 census.
Mendon is a city in Chariton County, Missouri, United States. The population was 171 at the 2010 census.
Avondale is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States. The population was 440 at the 2010 census.
Lockwood is a city in Dade County, Missouri, United States. The population was 936 at the 2010 census.
Cardwell is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States. The population was 713 at the 2010 census. The current Mayor of Cardwell is Becky Austin.
Washington is a city on the Missouri River in Franklin County, Missouri, United States. The population was 13,892 from the 2010 census. It is the corncob pipe capital of the world, with Missouri Meerschaum located on the riverfront.
Bethany is a city in, and the county seat of, Harrison County, Missouri, United States. The population was 3,292 at the 2010 census.
Forest City is a city in Holt County, Missouri, United States. The population was 268 at the 2010 census.
Ironton is a city in Iron County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,460 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Iron County, and is located 12 miles south of Belgrade.
Alba is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States. The population was 555 at the 2010 census.
Purcell is a city in Jasper County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 408.
Chilhowee is a city in Johnson County, Missouri, United States. The population was 325 at the 2010 census.
Wellington is a city in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States. It is located approximately 35 miles east of Kansas City. The population was 812 at the 2010 census.
Troy is a city in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 10,540. It is the county seat of Lincoln County.
Bevier is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 718 at the 2010 census.
Anderson is a city in McDonald County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,961 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers, AR–MO Metropolitan Statistical Area.
New Florence is a city in Montgomery County, Missouri, United States. The population was 769 at the 2010 census.
Burlington Junction is a city in Nodaway County, Missouri, United States. The population was 537 at the 2010 census.
Meta is a city in Osage County, Missouri, United States. The population was 229 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Jefferson City, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area and is also the world headquarters of Diamond Pet Foods.
Steele is a city in southern Pemiscot County in the Missouri Bootheel of southeastern Missouri, United States. The population was 2,172 at the 2010 census.
Bowling Green is a city in Pike County, Missouri, United States. The population was 5,334 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Pike County.
Weatherby Lake is a city in Platte County, Missouri, United States, which borders Kansas City. The population was 1,723 at the 2010 census.
Center is a city in Ralls County, Missouri, United States. The population was 508 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Hannibal Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Doniphan is a city in Ripley County, Missouri, United States. The population was 1,997 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Ripley County.
Chaffee is a city in Scott County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,955 at the 2010 census.
Augusta is a city in St. Charles County, Missouri, United States. The population was 253 at the 2010 census. 
Bonne Terre  is a city in St. Francois County, Missouri, United States. The population was 6,864 at the 2010 census.
Black Jack is a second-ring suburb of St. Louis, located in northern St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 6,929 at the 2010 census.
Edmundson is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 834 at the 2010 census.
Huntleigh is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States. The population was 334 at the 2010 census.
Paul Edgar Philippe Martin (born August 28, 1938), also known as Paul Martin Jr., is a Canadian politician who served as the 21st prime minister of Canada from December 12, 2003, to February 6, 2006.
Wauseon is a city in and the county seat of Fulton County, Ohio, United States approximately 31 mi (51 km) west of Toledo. The population was 7,332 at the 2010 census.
Cheviot is a city in west-central Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Cincinnati. The population was 8,375 at the 2010 census.
Springdale is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Cincinnati. The population was 11,223 at the 2010 census.
Wellston is a city in Jackson County, Ohio, United States, in the southeastern part of the state. The population was 5,663 at the 2010 census.
Willoughby is a city in Lake County, Ohio, United States and is a suburb of Cleveland. The population was 22,268 at the 2010 census.
Rushsylvania is a village located in Logan County, Ohio, United States. The population was 516 at the 2010 census.
Sheffield Lake is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. The population was 9,137 at the 2010 census.
Medina  is a city in Medina County, Ohio approximately 33 mi (53 km) south of Cleveland and 23 mi (37 km) west of Akron. The population was 26,678 at the 2010 Census. It is the county seat of Medina County.
Englewood is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States and a northern suburb of Dayton. The population was 13,465 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Glandorf is a village in Putnam County, Ohio, United States. The population was 1,001 at the 2010 census.
Portsmouth is a city in and the county seat of Scioto County, Ohio, United States. Located in southern Ohio south of Chillicothe, it lies on the north bank of the Ohio River, across from Kentucky, just east of the mouth of the Scioto River. The population was 20,226 at the 2010 census.
Fairlawn is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States, and a suburb of Akron. The population was 7,437 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Marysville is a city in and the county seat of Union County, Ohio, United States approximately 27 mi (44 km) NW of Columbus. The population was 22,094 at the 2010 census. 
Montpelier is a village in Williams County, Ohio, United States. The population was 4,072 at the 2010 census.
Elk City is a city in Beckham County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 11,693 at the 2010 census, and the population was estimated at 12,717 in 2015. 
Fort Cobb is a town in Caddo County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 634 at the 2010 census.
Hugo is a city and county seat of Choctaw County, Oklahoma, United States. It is located in southeastern Oklahoma about north of the Texas state line. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 5,310.
Vinita is a city in south-central Craig County, in northeastern Oklahoma, United States. It is the county seat of Craig County. 
West Siloam Springs is a town in Delaware County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 846 at the 2010 census, a 3.5 percent decrease from 877 at the 2000 census. A bedroom community for Siloam Springs, Arkansas, it is notable for its Cherokee casino, and is the closest town to Natural Falls State Park.
Pocasset is a town in Grady County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 156 at the 2010 census, down from 192 at the 2000 census.
Altus  is a city and the county seat in Jackson County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 19,813 at the 2010 census, a loss of 7.7 percent compared to 21,454 at the 2000 census.
Poteau  is a city in, and county seat of, Le Flore County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 8,520 as of the 2010 census.
Sparks is a town in Lincoln County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 169 at the 2010 census, a 23.4 percent gain from 137 at the 2000 census. The center of population of Oklahoma is located in Sparks .
Chouteau is the second-largest town in Mayes County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 2,097 at the 2010 census, an increase of 8.6 percent from 1,931 at the 2000 census.
Idabel is a city in and county seat of McCurtain County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 7,010 at the 2010 census. It is located in the southeast corner of Oklahoma, a tourist area known as Kiamichi Country.
Edmond is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area in the central part of the state. As of the 2010 census, the population was 81,405, making it the sixth largest city in the state of Oklahoma.
Warr Acres is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States, and a part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. It was established after World War II by C.B. Warr, a dynamic businessman, builder, and commercial developer. The population was 13,164 at the 2010 census.
Shidler is a city in Osage County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 441 at the 2010 census, a 15.2 percent decrease from 520 at the 2000 census.
Bethel Acres is a town in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 2,895 at the 2010 census, an increase of 5.9 percent from 2,735 at the 2000 census. 
Clayton is a town in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,012 at the 2010 census.
Roland is a town in Sequoyah County, Oklahoma, United States. It is part of the Fort Smith, Arkansas-Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
Waynoka is a city in Woods County, Oklahoma, United States. It is located on U.S. Highway 281 and State Highway 14, seventy miles west of Enid. The population, which peaked at 2018 in 1950, stood at 927 according to the 2010 census.
Canyon City is a city in Grant County, Oregon, United States. It is the county seat of Grant County, and is about south of John Day on U.S. Highway 395. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 703.
Hillsboro  is the fifth-largest city in the U.S. state of Oregon and is the county seat of Washington County. Lying in the Tualatin Valley on the west side of the Portland metropolitan area, the city hosts many high-technology companies, such as Intel, that comprise what has become known as the Silicon Forest. At the 2010 Census, the city's population was 91,611.
William III (Dutch: "Willem Alexander Paul Frederik Lodewijk"; English: "William Alexander Paul Frederick Louis"; 19 February 1817 – 23 November 1890) was King of the Netherlands and Grand Duke of Luxembourg from 1849 until his death in 1890. He was also the Duke of Limburg from 1849 until the abolition of the duchy in 1866.
Little Compton is a town in Newport County, Rhode Island between the Sakonnet River and the Massachusetts state border. It is the birthplace of the Rhode Island Red hen.
Woonsocket  is a city in Providence County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 41,186 at the 2010 census, making it the sixth largest city in the state. 
Windsor is a town in Aiken County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 121 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Augusta, Georgia metropolitan area.
West Pelzer is a town in Anderson County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 880 at the 2010 census.
Williston is a town in Barnwell County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 3,139 at the 2010 census.
Meggett is a town in Charleston County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 1,226 at the 2010 census. Meggett is part of the Charleston-North Charleston-Summerville metropolitan area.
Dillon is a city in Dillon County in eastern South Carolina, United States.
Georgetown is the third oldest city in the U.S. state of South Carolina and the county seat of Georgetown County, in the Lowcountry. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 9,163. 
Briarcliffe Acres is a town in Horry County, South Carolina, United States, located between Myrtle Beach and North Myrtle Beach. The population was 457 at the 2010 census.
Gilbert is a town in Lexington County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 500 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Columbia, South Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Bennettsville is a city located in the U.S. state of South Carolina on the Great Pee Dee River. As the county seat of Marlboro County, Bennettsville is noted for its historic homes and buildings from the 19th and early 20th centuries — including the Bennettsville Historic District which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Bowman is a town in Orangeburg County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 968 at the 2010 census, a decline from 1,198 in 2000.
Six Mile is a town in Pickens County, South Carolina, United States. The 2010 census showed a population of 675, representing a 21% increase since 2000.
Pacolet is a town in Spartanburg County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 2,235 at the 2010 census.
Kingstree is a city and the county seat of Williamsburg County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 3,328 at the 2010 census.
Springfield is a city in Bon Homme County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,989 at the 2010 census, with about 1,200 of those residents being inmates at Mike Durfee State Prison.
Clark is a city in Clark County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,139 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Clark County.
Clear Lake  is a city in and the county seat of Deuel County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,273 at the 2010 census.
Freeman is a city in Hutchinson County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,306 at the 2010 census.
Harrisburg is a city in Lincoln County, South Dakota, United States and is a suburb of Sioux Falls. The population was 4,089 by the 2010 census, having grown from 958 in 2000 census. The population of the Harrisburg zip code has grown from 2,476 in 2000 to 10,342 in 2010.
Baltic is a city in Minnehaha County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,089 at the 2010 census.
Rapid City  is the second most populous city in South Dakota and the county seat of Pennington County. Named after Rapid Creek, on which the city is established, it is set against the eastern slope of the Black Hills mountain range. The population was 67,956 as of the 2010 Census.
Alcester is a city in Union County, South Dakota, United States. It is part of the Sioux City, IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 807 at the 2010 census.
Louisville is a town in Blount County, Tennessee, United States. Its population was 2,001 at the 2000 census and 2,439 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Knoxville, Tennessee Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Kingston Springs is a town in Cheatham County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 2,773 at the 2000 census and 2,756 at the 2010 census.
Parsons is a city in Decatur County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 2,373 at the 2010 census. Parsons is the largest city by population in Decatur County.
Jamestown is a city in Fentress County, Tennessee, United States. It is the county seat of Fentress County. The population of the city was 1,959 at the 2010 census.
Lakesite is a city in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 1,826 at the 2010 census. 
Surgoinsville is a town in Hawkins County, Tennessee, United States. The 2010 census showed a population of 1,801, up from 1,484 at the 2000 census. 
Tiptonville is a town in northwest Tennessee and the county seat of Lake County, Tennessee. Its population was 2,439 as of the 2000 census and 4,464 in 2010, showing an increase of 2,025. 
Chapel Hill is a town in northeastern Marshall County, Tennessee, United States. The town was named after Chapel Hill, North Carolina by settlers from that area. The population was 1,445 as of the 2010 census.
Sunbright is a city in Morgan County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 547 in 2014.
Ducktown is a city in Polk County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 427 at the 2000 census and 475 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Cleveland Metropolitan Statistical Area.
La Vergne  is a city in Rutherford County, Tennessee. The population was 32,588 at the 2010 census and 34,423 in 2018. La Vergne lies within the Nashville Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Lakeland is a city in Shelby County, Tennessee, and a suburb of Memphis. The population was 12,430 at the 2010 census.
Luttrell is a city in Union County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 1,074 at the 2010 census, up from 915 at the 2000 census. It is included in the Knoxville, Tennessee Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Brentwood is a suburb of Nashville, Tennessee, located in Williamson County, part of Middle Tennessee. The population was 37,060 as of the 2010 U.S. Census, and estimated at 40,982 in 2014.
The city lies at the junction of State Highway 79 and State Highway 25. It is located 25 miles (40 km) south of Wichita Falls, Texas, and is part of the Wichita Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,834 at the 2010 census.
Killeen is a city in Bell County, Texas, United States. According to the 2010 census, its population was 127,921, making it the 21st-most populous city in Texas. 
Helotes  is a city in Bexar County, Texas, United States, located on the far northwest side of San Antonio. It is part of the San Antonio-New Braunfels Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 7,341 at the 2010 census.
Clifton is the largest city in Bosque County, located in central Texas in the United States. The city's population was 3,442 at the 2010 census.
Brazoria  is a city in the U.S. state of Texas, in the metropolitan area and Brazoria County. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the city population was 3,019.
Surfside Beach, also known locally as Surfside, is a city in Brazoria County, Texas, United States, that is situated on the Gulf of Mexico near the city of Freeport. The population was 482 at the 2010 census.
Cross Plains is a town in Callahan County, Texas, United States. The population was 982 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Abilene, Texas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
San Benito is a city in Cameron County, Texas, United States. The population was 24,250 at the 2010 census. 
Gallatin is a city in Cherokee County, Texas, in the United States. The population was 419 at the 2010 census.
Whiteface is a town in Cochran County, Texas, United States. The population was 449 at the 2010 census.
Melissa is a city in Collin County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,695 at the 2010 census, up from 1,350 at the 2000 census.
Bulverde  is a city in Comal County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,630 at the 2010 census, up from 3,761 at the 2000 census. It is part of the San Antonio Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Crosbyton is a city in and the county seat of Crosby County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,741 at the 2010 census. Crosbyton is part of the Lubbock Metropolitan Statistical Area.
University Park is a city in Dallas County, Texas, United States of America, an inner northern suburb of Dallas. The population was 23,068 at the 2010 census. The city is home to Southern Methodist University.
Double Oak is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,867 at the 2010 census.
Lincoln Park is a town in Denton County, Texas, United States. The population was 308 at the 2010 census.
Dickens is a city in and the county seat of Dickens County, Texas, United States. The population was 286 at the 2010 census, down from 332 at the 2000 census.
Garrett is a town in Ellis County, Texas, United States. The population was 806 at the 2010 census, up from 448 at the 2000 census.
Bailey is a city in Fannin County, in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 289 at the 2010 census, up from 213 at the 2000 census.
Flatonia is a town in southwestern Fayette County, Texas, United States. Located on Interstate 10 and the Union Pacific Railroad, west of Schulenburg, the population was 1,383 at the 2010 census.
Meadows Place is a city located in Fort Bend County in the U.S. state of Texas within the metropolitan area. As of the 2010 U.S. Census, the city population was 4,660.
Dilley is a city in Frio County, Texas, United States. The population was 3,894 at the 2010 census. It is located off Interstate 35 south of the county seat in Pearsall.
Post is a city in and the county seat of Garza County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,376 at the 2010 census.
Howe is a town in Grayson County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,600 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Sherman–Denison Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Anderson is a town and county seat of Grimes County, Texas, United States. The population was 222 as of the 2010 census. The town and its surroundings are listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Anderson Historic District.
Hamilton is a city in and the county seat of Hamilton County, Texas, United States, located in the state's central region. The population was 3,095 at the 2010 census.
Hilshire Village is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States. The population was 746 at the 2010 census. The city is the smallest of the Memorial Villages in terms of area.
Elbow Lake is a city in, and the county seat of, Grant County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,176 at the 2010 census.
Kyle is a city in Hays County, Texas, United States. The population was 28,016 in the 2010 census and estimated to be 39,060 in 2016. 
Murchison is a city in Henderson County, Texas, United States. The population was 594 at the 2010 census.
La Joya is a city in western Hidalgo County, Texas, United States, along U.S. Route 83 between Mission and Rio Grande City. The population was 3,985 at the 2010 census, and in 2016 the estimated population was 4,293. La Joya is part of the McAllen–Edinburg–Mission and Reynosa–McAllen metropolitan areas.
Weslaco is a city in Hidalgo County, Texas, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 35,670, and in 2016 the estimated population was 40,033. 
Sulphur Springs is a city and the county seat of Hopkins County, Texas, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 15,449. Sulphur Springs is located along the western edge of Northeast Texas.
Celeste is a city in Hunt County, in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 814 at the 2010 census.
Edna is a city in Jackson County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,499 at the 2010 census. Edna is the county seat.
Alvarado  is the oldest city in Johnson County, Texas. The population was 3,785 as of the 2010 census, up from 3,288 at the 2000 census.
Kaufman is a city in Kaufman County, Texas, United States. The population was 6,703 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Kaufman County.
Brackettville is a city in Kinney County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,688 at the 2010 census, down from 1,876 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Kinney County.
Lometa  is a city in Lampasas County, Texas, United States. The population was 856 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Killeen–Temple–Fort Hood Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Groesbeck is a city in and the county seat of Limestone County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,328 at the 2010 census. The community is named after a railroad employee.
Jefferson is a city in Marion County in northeastern Texas, United States. The population was 2,099 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Marion County, Texas, and is situated in East Texas. 
Riesel is a city in McLennan County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,007 at the 2010 census, a slight increase from the 973 people who lived in Riesel at the 2000 census. It is part of the Waco Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
Milano is a city in Milam County, Texas, United States, located at the intersection of U.S. Route 79 and State Highway 36, twelve miles southeast of Cameron, the county seat. Its population was 400 at the time of the 2000 census, and, in July 2005, it was estimated at 421.
Montgomery is a city located in Montgomery County, Texas, a part of the metropolitan area. As of the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 621.
Sunray is a city in northeast Moore County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,950 at the 2000 census.
Richland is a town in Navarro County, Texas, United States. The population was 264 at the 2010 census.
Pinehurst is a city in Orange County, Texas, United States. The population was 2,097 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Beaumont–Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Annetta North is a town in eastern Parker County, Texas, United States, on FM 5. The population was 518 at the 2010 census.
Fort Stockton is a city in and the county seat of Pecos County, Texas, United States. It is located on Interstate 10, Future Interstate 14, U.S. Highways 67, 285, and 385, and the Santa Fe Railroad, northwest of San Antonio and east of El Paso.
Franklin is a city and county seat of Robertson County, Texas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,564.
Coldspring is a city in San Jacinto County, Texas, United States. The population was 853 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of San Jacinto County which is named after the river that traverses it and shares its name with the Battle which gave Texas its independence.
Tenaha is a town in Shelby County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,160 at the 2010 census.
Sterling City is the county seat of Sterling County, Texas, United States. The city's population was 1,081 at the 2000 census, but had dropped to 888 by 2010.
Keller is a suburban city in Tarrant County, Texas, in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. According to the 2010 census, the city's population is 39,627, making Keller the 74th most populated city in Texas. 
Hanin Elias (born 31 May 1972) is a Syrian German industrial/techno artist. She was a member of Atari Teenage Riot and is now a solo artist.
Jonestown is a city in Travis County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,834 at the 2010 census.
Grand Saline is a city in Van Zandt County, Texas, United States, located in East Texas. The population is 3,266. 
Rio Bravo is a city in Webb County, Texas, United States. The population was 4,794 at the 2010 census.
Hutto is a city in Williamson County, Texas, United States. It is part of the Austin–Round Rock metropolitan area. 
Boyd is a town in Wise County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,207 at the 2010 census. It is 30 miles (48 km) northwest of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.
Graham is a city in north central Texas. It is the county seat of Young County, and as of the 2010 Census had a population of 8,903.
Garfield is a city in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2010 United States Census, the city's population was 30,487, reflecting an increase of 701 (+2.4%) from the 29,786 counted in the 2000 Census, which had in turn increased by 3,059 (+11.4%) from the 26,727 counted in the 1990 Census.
Mantua  is a town on the eastern edge Box Elder County, Utah, United States. The population of the town was 687 at the 2010 census. 
Hyrum is a city in Cache County, Utah, United States. The population was 7,609 at the 2010 census, with a projected population of 8,812 in 2017. It is included in the Logan, Utah–Idaho  Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Helper is a city in Carbon County, Utah, United States, about southeast of Salt Lake City and northwest of the city of Price. It is known as the "Hub of Carbon County". The population was 2,201 at the 2010 census.
Myton is a city in Duchesne County, Utah, United States. Established in 1905, Myton had a population of 569 at the 2010 census.
Escalante  is a city in central Garfield County, Utah, United States located along Utah Scenic Byway 12 (SR-12) in the south central part of the state. As of the 2010 census, there were 797 people residing in the city.
Paragonah  is a town in Iron County, Utah, United States. The population was 488 at the 2010 census.
Lynndyl is a town in Millard County, Utah, United States. The population was 106 at the 2010 census.
Albion is a city in and the county seat of Edwards County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,988 at the 2010 census. 
Zeigler is a city in Franklin County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,801 at the 2010 census. The current mayor is Dennis Mitchell.
Bentley  is an incorporated town in Hancock County, Illinois, United States. The population was 35 at the 2010 census.
Galva is a city in Henry County, Illinois, United States. The population was 2,589 at the 2010 census, down from 2,758 in 2000.
Brighton is a village located mostly in Macoupin County and partially in Jersey County, Illinois. As of the 2010 U.S. census, the village had a total population of 2,254. 
Yorkville  is a city in Kendall County, Illinois, United States. The population was 16,921 at the 2010 census and was estimated at 19,388 . It is the county seat of Kendall County.
Park City is a small city located in the Warren and Waukegan townships of Lake County, Illinois, United States, on the northern end of the Chicago metropolitan area. The population was 7,570 at the 2010 census.
Maroa is a city in Macon County, Illinois, United States whose population was 1,654 at the 2000 census, and 1,565 at a 2009 estimate. It is included in the Decatur, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Glen Carbon is a village in Madison County, Illinois, United States, northeast of St. Louis. The population was 12,934 at the 2010 census.
Wenona is a city in Marshall and LaSalle counties in the U.S. state of Illinois. The population was 1,056 at the 2010 census, down from 1,065 in 2000.
Athens is a city in Menard County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,726 at the 2000 census, and 1,778 at a 2009 estimate. It is part of the Springfield, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Polo is a city in Ogle County, Illinois, United States. The population was 2,355 at the 2010 census, down from 2,477 in 2000.
Pittsfield is a city in and the county seat of Pike County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,576 at the 2010 census, an increase from 4,211 in 2000.
Auburn is a city in Sangamon County, Illinois, United States. The population was 4,317 at the 2000 census, and 4,445 in 2009. It is part of the Springfield, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Mascoutah is a small city in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States, named for the Mascoutens, a tribe of the Illinois Indians. The population was 7,483 at the 2010 census. 
Nashville is a city in Washington County, Illinois, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 3,258. It is the county seat of Washington County.
Wilmington is a city in Will County, Illinois, United States. It is approximately 60 miles south-west from downtown Chicago . 
Huntertown is a town in Allen County, Indiana, United States. The population was 4,810 at the 2010 census, making it one of the fastest-growing areas in northeastern Indiana, with a population increase of 172 percent since 2000.
Fowler is a town in Center Township, Benton County, Indiana, United States. The population was 2,317 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Lafayette, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Camden is a town in Jackson Township, Carroll County, Indiana, United States. The population was 611 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Lafayette, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Harmony is a town in Van Buren Township, Clay County, Indiana, United States. The population was 656 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Terre Haute Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Elnora is a town in Elmore Township, Daviess County, Indiana, United States. The population was 640 at the 2010 census.
Westport is a town located in Sand Creek Township, Decatur County, Indiana. The population was 1,379 at the 2010 census. 
Eaton is a town in Union Township, Delaware County, Indiana, along the Mississinewa River. The population was 1,805 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Muncie, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Georgetown is a town in Floyd County, Indiana, United States. The population was 2,876 at the 2010 census.
Oldenburg is a town in Ray Township, Franklin County, Indiana, United States. The population was 674 at the 2010 census.
Gas City is a city in Grant County, Indiana, along the Mississinewa River. The population was 5,965 at the 2010 census.
Carmel is a city north of Indianapolis in Indiana. Home to 92,198 residents, the city spans across Clay Township in Hamilton County, Indiana, and is bordered by the White River to the east; Michigan Road (U.S. 421) and the county line to the west; 96th Street to the south and 146th Street to the north. 
Shirley is a town in Brown Township, Hancock County and Greensboro Township, Henry County, Indiana, United States. The population was 830 at the 2010 census.
Brownsburg is a town in Hendricks County, Indiana, United States. The population was 21,285 at the 2010 Census, an increase from 14,520 in 2000. 
Dunreith is a town in Spiceland Township, Henry County, Indiana, United States. The population was 177 at the 2010 census.
Huntington, known as the "Lime City", is the largest city in and the county seat of Huntington County, Indiana, United States. It is in Huntington and Union townships. The population was 17,391 at the 2010 census.
Salamonia is a town in Madison Township, Jay County, Indiana, United States. The population was 157 at the 2010 census. The town is situated along the Salamonie River, near its headwaters in Northern Indiana.
Vincennes is a city in and the county seat of Knox County, Indiana, United States. It is located on the lower Wabash River in the southwestern part of the state, nearly halfway between Evansville and Terre Haute. 
Syracuse is a town in Turkey Creek Township, Kosciusko County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 2,810 at the 2010 census.
Griffith is a town in Calumet and St. John townships in Lake County, Indiana, United States. It is a part of the Chicago metropolitan area. The population was 16,893 at the 2010 census.
Michigan City is a city in LaPorte County, Indiana, United States. It is one of the two principal cities of the Michigan City-La Porte, Indiana Metropolitan statistical area, which is included in the Chicago-Naperville-Michigan City Combined statistical area.
Markleville is a town in Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. It is part of the Anderson, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 528 at the 2010 census.
Bourbon is a town in Bourbon Township, Marshall County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,810 at the 2010 census.
Peru is a city in, and the county seat of, Miami County, Indiana, United States. The population was 11,417 at the 2010 census, making it the most populous city in Miami County. Peru is located along the Wabash River, which divides the city in two.
Martinsville is a city in Washington Township, Morgan County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 11,828 at the 2010 United States Census. The city is the county seat of Morgan County.
Ligonier is a city in Perry Township, Noble County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 4,405 at the 2010 census.
Montezuma is a town in Reserve Township, Parke County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,022 at the 2010 census.
Valparaiso  is a city and the county seat of Porter County, Indiana, United States. The population was 31,730 at the 2010 census.
Fillmore is a town in Marion Township, Putnam County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 533 at the 2010 census.
Milan is a town in Franklin and Washington townships, Ripley County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,899 at the 2010 census.
Dale is a town in Carter Township, Spencer County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,593 at the 2010 census.
Walkerton is a town in Lincoln Township, St. Joseph County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 2,144 at the 2010 Census. It is part of the South Bend–Mishawaka, IN-MI, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Lafayette  is a city in and the county seat of Tippecanoe County, Indiana, United States, located northwest of Indianapolis and southeast of Chicago. West Lafayette, on the other side of the Wabash River, is home to Purdue University, which contributes significantly to both communities. Together, Lafayette and West Lafayette form the core of the Lafayette, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area.
North Manchester is a town in Chester Township, Wabash County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 6,112 at the 2010 census.
Fredericksburg is an unincorporated community in Posey Township, Washington County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 85 at the 2010 census, at which time it was a town.
Fountain City, formerly Newport, is a town in New Garden Township, Wayne County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 796 at the 2010 census.
Monon is a town in Monon Township, White County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. The population was 1,777 at the 2010 census.
Stuart is a city in Lincoln Township, Adair County, and in Stuart Township, Guthrie County, in the U.S. state of Iowa. That part of the city within Guthrie County is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,648 at the 2010 census.
Audubon is a city and the county seat in Audubon County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,176 in the 2010 census, a decline from 2,382 in the 2000 census.
Hudson is a city in Black Hawk County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,282 at the 2010 census. 
Alta is a city in Buena Vista County, Iowa, United States. The population was 1,883 at the 2010 census.
Lake City is a city in Calhoun County, Iowa, United States, founded in 1856. The population was 1,727 at the 2010 census. 
West Branch is a city in Cedar and Johnson counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 2,322 as of 2010 the 2010 census. 
Elkader is a city in Clayton County, Iowa, United States. The population was 1,273 at the 2010 census, down from 1,465 in 2000. It is the county seat of Clayton County.
St. Olaf is a city in Clayton County, Iowa, United States. The population was 108 at the 2010 census, down from 136 at the 2000 census. 
Grimes is a city in Dallas and Polk counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 8,246 at the 2010 census. Grimes is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Decatur City is a city in Decatur County, Iowa, United States. The population was 197 at the 2010 census.
Arnolds Park is a city in Dickinson County, Iowa, United States. The population was 1,126 in the 2010 census, a decline from the 1,162 population in the 2000 census.
Henry Albert Azaria ( ; born April 25, 1964) is an American actor, voice actor, singer, comedian and producer. He is known for his voice characterizations as a variety of characters in the animated sitcom "The Simpsons" (1989–present), which has included Moe Szyslak, Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, Chief Wiggum, Comic Book Guy, Carl Carlson and others. 
Wimborne Minster  is a market town in East Dorset in South West England, and the name of the Church of England church in that town. According to Office for National Statistics data the population of the Wimborne Minster built-up area is estimated as 15,552 inhabitants and is situated at the confluence of the River Stour and River Allen, north of Poole, on the Dorset Heaths. 
The Petronas Towers, also known as the Petronas Twin Towers , are twin skyscrapers. According to the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat 's official definition and ranking, they were the tallest buildings in the world from 1998 to 2004 and remain the tallest twin towers in the world. The buildings are a landmark of Kuala Lumpur, along with nearby Kuala Lumpur Tower.
Sheffield is a city in Franklin County, Iowa, United States. The population was 1,172 at the 2010 census.
Eldora is a city in Hardin County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,732 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Hardin County.
Pisgah is a city in Harrison County, Iowa, United States, along the Soldier River. The community is located in the midst of the Loess Hills.
Marengo is a town in and the county seat of Iowa County, Iowa, United States. It has served as the county seat since August 1845, even though it was not incorporated until July 1859. The population was 2,528 in the 2010 census, a decline from 2,535 in 2000.
Lone Tree is a city in southeastern Johnson County, Iowa, United States. It is part of the Iowa City, Iowa Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,300 at the 2010 census.
Sigourney  is a city in Keokuk County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2,059 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Keokuk County.
Houghton is a city in Lee County, Iowa, United States. The population was 146 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Fort Madison–Keokuk, IA-MO Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Fairfax is a city in Linn County, Iowa, United States. The population was 2123 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Grandview is a city in Louisa County, Iowa, United States. The population was 556 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Muscatine Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Winterset is a city in and the county seat of Madison County, Iowa, United States. The population was 5,190 at the 2010 census.
Glenwood is a city in and the county seat of Mills County, Iowa, United States. The population was 5,269 in the 2010 census, a decline from 5,358 in the 2000 census.
Red Oak is a city in and the county seat of Montgomery County, Iowa, United States, located along the East Nishnabotna River. The population was 5,742 in the 2010 census, a decline from the 6,197 population in the 2000 census.
Braddyville is a city in Page County, Iowa, United States. The population was 159 at the 2010 census.
Ankeny is a city in Polk County, Iowa, United States and home to Des Moines Area Community College. Ankeny is a rapidly growing suburb just north of Des Moines, Iowa's
Crescent is a city in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, United States. The population was 617 at the 2010 census.
Grinnell is a city in Poweshiek County, Iowa, United States. The population was 9,218 at the 2010 census.
Dixon is a city in Scott County, Iowa, United States. The population was 247 at the 2010 census.
Elk Horn is a city in Shelby County, Iowa, United States. The population was 662 at the 2010 census. Elk Horn is known as an enclave of Danish ethnicity and is home to the Museum of Danish America.
Dysart is a city in Tama County, Iowa, United States. The population was 1,379 at the 2010 census. The Mayor of Dysart is currently Pamela Thiele.
Agency is a city in Wapello County, Iowa, United States. The population was 638 at the 2010 census. It is the historic site of an Indian trading post and the grave of Chief Wapello.
New Virginia is a city in Warren County, Iowa, United States. The population was 489 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Des Moines–West Des Moines Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Dayton is a city in Webster County, Iowa, United States. The population was 837 at the 2010 census.
Smithland is a city in Woodbury County, Iowa, United States. It is part of the Sioux City, IA–NE–SD Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 224 at the 2010 census.
Muscotah is a city in Atchison County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 176. Muscotah was named for the Kickapoo Native American word for "prairie"
Andover is a city in Butler County, Kansas, United States, and a suburb of Wichita. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 11,791.
Rose Hill is a city in Butler County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 3,931.
Baxter Springs is a city in Cherokee County, Kansas, United States, and located along Spring River. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 4,238; it is the most populous city of Cherokee County. 
Clay Center is a city in and the county seat of Clay County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 4,334.
Cambridge is a city in Cowley County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 82.
McCune is a city in Crawford County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 405.
Hope is a city in southern Dickinson County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 368. The motto of Hope is "There Will Always Be Hope In Kansas", which is also the name of a song.
Howard is a city in and the county seat of Elk County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 687.
Grandview Plaza is a city in Geary County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,560.
Eureka is a city and county seat of Greenwood County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,633, the 2015 census estimate declined to 2,450.
Jetmore is a city in and the county seat of Hodgeman County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 867.
Valley Falls is a city in Jefferson County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,192.
Prairie Village is a city in Johnson County, Kansas, United States, and part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 21,447.
Parsons is a city in Labette County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 10,500. It is the most populous city of Labette County, and after Pittsburg, is the second-most populous city in the southeastern region of Kansas.
Hartford is a city in Lyon County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 371.
Inman is a city in McPherson County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,377.
Cawker City is a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 469. The city is located along the north shore of Waconda Lake and Glen Elder State Park.
Ness City is a city in and the county seat of Ness County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,449. 
Minneapolis is a city in and the county seat of Ottawa County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,032.
Courtland is a city in Republic County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 285.
Woodston is a city in Rooks County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 136.
Bel Aire is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States, and a suburb of Wichita. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 6,769.
Kechi is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States, and a suburb of Wichita. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,909.
Smith Center is a city in and the county seat of Smith County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,665.
Wellington is a city in and the county seat of Sumner County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 8,172.
Columbia is a home rule-class city just above Russell Creek in Adair County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 4,452 at the 2010 census. Columbia is the seat of its county.
Perryville  is a home rule-class city along the Chaplin River in western Boyle County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 751 at the time of the 2010 U.S. Census. It is part of the Danville Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Rochester is a home rule-class city in Butler County, Kentucky, United States, at the confluence of the Green and Mud rivers. The population was 152 at the 2010 census.
Highland Heights is a home rule-class city in Campbell County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 6,923 at the 2010 U.S. census.
LaFayette, also informally written as La Fayette and Lafayette, is a home rule-class city in Christian County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 165 at the 2010 U.S. census. 
Martin is a home rule-class city in Floyd County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 634 as of the 2010 census.
Leitchfield is the county seat of Grayson County, Kentucky, United States. Leitchfield is a home rule-class city with a population of 6,699 as of the 2010 census.
Benham is a home rule-class city in Harlan County, Kentucky, in the United States. The city was formally incorporated by the General Assembly in 1961. 
New Castle is a home rule-class city in Henry County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. As of the 2010 census the population was 912.
Audubon Park is a home rule-class city in central Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 1,473 at the 2010 census. 
Brownsboro Village is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 319 at the 2010 census.
Glenview is a 6th-class city along the southern bank of the Ohio River in northeastern Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States The population was 531 at the 2010 census.
Houston Acres is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 507 at the 2010 census.
Meadow Vale is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 736.
Plantation is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States, and a part of the Louisville Metro government. The population was 832 at the 2010 census, down from 902 at the 2000 census.
Strathmoor Village is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 648 at the 2010 census.
Woodlawn Park is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States. The population was 942 at the 2010 census, down from 1,033 at the 2000 census.
Independence is a home rule-class city in Kenton County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is one of its county's two seats of government. 
Fleming-Neon is a home rule-class city in Letcher County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 840 at the 2000 census.
Russellville is a home rule-class city in Logan County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 6,947 at the time of the 2010 U.S. Census.
Burgin is a home rule-class city in Mercer County, Kentucky, in the United States. Its population was 965 at the 2010 census.
Greenville is a home rule-class city in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 4,312 at the 2010 census.
Falmouth is a home rule-class city in, and the county seat of, Pendleton County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 2,169 according to the 2010 census. 
Lakeview Heights is a home rule-class city in Rowan County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 251 as of the year 2000 U.S. census.
Guthrie is a home rule-class city in Todd County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 1,469 at the 2000 census.
Monticello is a home rule-class city in Wayne County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 6,188 at the time of the 2010 U.S. census.
Rayne is a city in Acadia Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 7,953 at the 2010 census, down from 8,552 in 2000. 
Arcadia is a town in and the parish seat of Bienville Parish in north Louisiana, United States. The population was 2,919 at the 2010 census. Arcadia has the highest elevation of any town in Louisiana.
Lake Charles  is the fifth-largest incorporated city in the U.S. state of Louisiana, located on Lake Charles, Prien Lake, and the Calcasieu River. Founded in 1861 in Calcasieu Parish, it is a major industrial, cultural, and educational center in the southwest region of the state.
Keachi  is a town in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 295 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Shreveport–Bossier City Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Jeanerette is a small city in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, United States. Known as "Sugar City", it had a population of 5,530 at the 2010 census, a decrease of 467 from the 2000 tabulation of 5,997. 
Kenner  is the seventh-largest city in the U.S. State of Louisiana following New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Shreveport, Lafayette, Lake Charles and Bossier City. It is the largest city in Jefferson Parish and the largest incorporated suburban city of New Orleans. The population was 66,702 at the 2010 census.
Walker is a city in Livingston Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 6,138 as of the 2010 census, making Walker and Denham Springs the only parish municipalities classified as cities.
Rayville is a town in and the parish seat of Richland Parish in northeastern Louisiana, United States. The population, which is 69 percent African American, was 4,234 at the 2000 census, but it had declined by nearly 13 percent in 2010 to 3,695.
Franklin is a small city in and the parish seat of St. Mary Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 7,660 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Morgan City Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Roseland is a town in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 1,162 at the 2000 census. It is the birthplace of Cajun chef and storyteller Justin Wilson.
Bogalusa is a city in Washington Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 12,232 at the 2010 census. 
Rammstein  is a German Neue Deutsche Härte band formed in Berlin in 1994. Their six-man lineup—lead vocalist Till Lindemann, lead guitarist Richard Z. Kruspe, rhythm guitarist Paul Landers, bassist Oliver Riedel, drummer Christoph Schneider, and keyboardist Christian "Flake" Lorenz—has remained unchanged throughout their existence. Prior to their formation, some members were associated with acts such as Feeling B and First Arsch.
Richard Errett Smalley (June 6, 1943 – October 28, 2005) was the Gene and Norman Hackerman Professor of Chemistry and a Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Rice University, in Houston, Texas. In 1996, along with Robert Curl, also a professor of chemistry at Rice, and Harold Kroto, a professor at the University of Sussex, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for the discovery of a new form of carbon, buckminsterfullerene, also known as buckyballs. 
Johannes Müller von Königsberg (6 June 1436 – 6 July 1476), better known as Regiomontanus , was a mathematician and astronomer of the German Renaissance, active in Vienna, Buda and Nuremberg. His contributions were instrumental in the development of Copernican heliocentrism in the decades following his death.
Ray Douglas Bradbury (; August 22, 1920June 5, 2012) was an American author and screenwriter. He worked in a variety of genres, including fantasy, science fiction, horror, and mystery fiction.
Red Hat, Inc. is an American multinational software company providing open-source software products to the enterprise community. Founded in 1993, Red Hat has its corporate headquarters in Raleigh, North Carolina, with other offices worldwide.
Robert I (11 July 1274 – 7 June 1329), popularly known as Robert the Bruce , was King of Scotland from 1306 until his death in 1329. Robert was one of the most famous warriors of his generation, and eventually led Scotland during the First War of Scottish Independence against England. 
An-Nasir Salah ad-Din Yusuf ibn Ayyub , known as Salah ad-Din or Saladin (; 11374 March 1193), was the first sultan of Egypt and Syria and the founder of the Ayyubid dynasty. A Sunni Muslim of Kurdish ethnicity, Saladin led the Muslim military campaign against the Crusader states in the Levant. 
Salvatore Phillip "Sonny" Bono (; February 16, 1935 – January 5, 1998) was an American singer-songwriter, producer, actor, and politician who came to fame in partnership with his second wife Cher, as the popular singing duo Sonny & Cher. He was mayor of Palm Springs, California from 1988 to 1992, and the Republican congressman for California's 44th district from 1995 until his death in 1998.
Sonic Youth was an American rock band based in New York City, formed in 1981. Founding members Thurston Moore , Kim Gordon  and Lee Ranaldo  remained together for the entire history of the band, while Steve Shelley  followed a series of short-term drummers in 1985, and rounded out the core line-up. 
Sumatra is a large island in western Indonesia that is part of the Sunda Islands. It is the largest island that is located entirely in Indonesia and the sixth-largest island in the world at 473,481 km .
Soay  is an island just off the coast of Skye, in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.
The Sandinista National Liberation Front  is a socialist political party in Nicaragua. Its members are called Sandinistas in both English and Spanish. The party is named after Augusto César Sandino, who led the Nicaraguan resistance against the United States occupation of Nicaragua in the 1930s.
Thomas Jefferson (April 13, 1743 – July 4, 1826) was an American statesman, diplomat, lawyer, architect, and Founding Father who served as the third president of the United States from 1801 to 1809. Previously, he had served as the second vice president of the United States from 1797 to 1801. 
Thomas Stearns Eliot (26 September 1888 – 4 January 1965), "one of the twentieth century's major poets", was also an essayist, publisher, playwright, and literary and social critic. Born in St. Louis, Missouri, in the United States, to a prominent Boston Brahmin family, he moved to England in 1914 at the age of 25, settling, working, and marrying there. 
Robert Edward Turner III (born November 19, 1938) is an American media mogul and philanthropist. As a businessman, he is known as founder of the Cable News Network , the first 24-hour cable news channel. 
Thucydides  was an Athenian historian and general. His "History of the Peloponnesian War" recounts the fifth-century BC war between Sparta and Athens until the year 411 BC. 
Prince Nikolai Sergeyevich Trubetzkoy (; Moscow, April 16, 1890 – Vienna, June 25, 1938) was a Russian linguist and historian whose teachings formed a nucleus of the Prague School of structural linguistics. He is widely considered to be the founder of morphophonology. 
Theodosius Grygorovych Dobzhansky (; ; January 25, 1900 – December 18, 1975) was a prominent Ukrainian-American geneticist and evolutionary biologist, and a central figure in the field of evolutionary biology for his work in shaping the modern synthesis. Dobzhansky was born in Ukraine, then part of the Russian Empire, and became an immigrant to the United States in 1927, aged 27.
The Fall were an English post-punk band, formed in 1976 in Prestwich, Greater Manchester. They underwent many line-up changes, with vocalist and founder Mark E. Smith as the only constant member. 
The Natural Law Party  was a United States political party affiliated with the international Natural Law Party. It was founded in 1992 and was dissolved in many areas beginning in 2004. 
The Ural Mountains , or simply the Urals, are a mountain range that runs approximately from north to south through western Russia, from the coast of the Arctic Ocean to the Ural River and northwestern Kazakhstan.
Pico Island , is an island in the Central Group of the Portuguese Azores. The landscape features an eponymous volcano, Ponta do Pico, which is the highest mountain in Portugal, the Azores, and the highest elevation of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. 
Kilij Arslan II  or ʿIzz ad-Dīn Qilij Arslān bin Masʿūd   was a Seljuk Sultan of Rûm from 1156 until his death in 1192.
The British Motor Corporation Limited  was a UK-based vehicle manufacturer, formed in early 1952 to give effect to an agreed merger of the Morris and Austin businesses.
Baroness Marie Alexandrine von Vetsera (19 March 1871 – 30 January 1889) was a member of Austrian "second society"  and one of Crown Prince Rudolf of Austria's mistresses. Vetsera and Rudolf were found dead, an apparent murder suicide, at his hunting lodge, Mayerling .
Drew University is a private university in Madison, New Jersey. Drew has been nicknamed the "University in the Forest" because of its wooded campus. 
Monmouth University is a private university in West Long Branch, New Jersey. Founded in 1933 as Monmouth Junior College, it became Monmouth College in 1956 and Monmouth University in 1995 after receiving its charter.
The Delhi Sultanate  was an Islamic empire based in Delhi that stretched over large parts of the Indian subcontinent for 320 years (1206–1526). Five dynasties ruled over the Delhi Sultanate sequentially: the Mamluk dynasty (1206–90), the Khalji dynasty (1290–1320), the Tughlaq dynasty (1320–1414), the Sayyid dynasty (1414–51), and the Lodi dynasty (1451–1526). 
Count Fabian Gotthard von Steinheil (, tr. ; 14 October 1762 – 23 February 1831) was a Russian military officer, and the Governor-General of Finland between 1810 and 1824.
Dita Von Teese (born Heather Renée Sweet; September 28, 1972) is an American vedette, burlesque dancer, model, costume designer, entrepreneur, singer, and actress. She is credited with re-popularizing burlesque performance, earning the moniker "Queen of Burlesque".
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge aka Liz Coolidge (30 October 1864 – 4 November 1953), born Elizabeth Penn Sprague, was an American pianist and patron of music, especially of chamber music.
Betty Williams (born 22 May 1943, Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a co-recipient with Mairead Corrigan of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1976 for her work as a cofounder of Community of Peace People, an organization dedicated to promoting a peaceful resolution to the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
James Rufus Agee ( ; November 27, 1909 – May 16, 1955) was an American novelist, journalist, poet, screenwriter and film critic. In the 1940s, he was one of the most influential film critics in the U.S. His autobiographical novel, "A Death in the Family" (1957), won the author a posthumous 1958 Pulitzer Prize.
Brahmagupta  was an Indian mathematician and astronomer. He is the author of two early works on mathematics and astronomy: the "Brāhmasphuṭasiddhānta" (BSS, "correctly established doctrine of Brahma", dated 628), a theoretical treatise, and the "Khaṇḍakhādyaka" ("edible bite", dated 665), a more practical text.
Espiritu Santo is the largest island in the nation of Vanuatu, with an area of and a population of around 40,000 according to the 2009 census.
Canfor Corporation is an integrated forest products company based in Vancouver, British Columbia
Michael Oser Rabin (; born September 1, 1931) is an Israeli mathematician and computer scientist and a recipient of the Turing Award.
Clapham Park is an area in the Borough of Lambeth in London, to the south of central Clapham and west of Brixton.
Melanie Anne Safka-Schekeryk (born February 3, 1947) is an American singer-songwriter known professionally as Melanie and sometimes as Melanie Safka. She remains best known for the 1971/72 global hit "Brand New Key", her cover of "Ruby Tuesday", her composition "What Have They Done to My Song Ma", and her 1970 international breakthrough hit "Lay Down ", inspired by her experience of performing at the 1969 Woodstock music festival.
Viktor Klima (born 4 June 1947) is an Austrian Social Democrat politician and businessman. He was chancellor of Austria from 1997 to 2000.
Felix Weihs de Weldon (April 12, 1907 – June 3, 2003) was an Austrian-born American sculptor. His most famous pieces include the United States Marine Corps War Memorial (Iwo Jima Memorial, 1954) in Arlington County, Virginia and the Malaysian National Monument (1966) in Kuala Lumpur.
Iowa City Municipal Airport , is two miles southwest of Iowa City, in Johnson County, Iowa. It is the oldest civil airport west of the Mississippi River still in its original location.
Abla is a municipality, former bishopric and Latin Catholic titular see in Almería province, in Andalusia, southeast Spain.
Meda is a city and "comune" in the province of Monza and Brianza, located in the northern Italian region of Lombardy, close to Milan and Como. It is a center of furniture production.
Conny Pohlers (born 16 November 1978, Halle) is a retired German football player. Since 1998 she has played in the Women's Bundesliga and since 2001 in the Germany women's national football team.
North Central Texas College  is a public community college in Gainesville, Texas. It serves Cooke County, Denton County, and Montague County, Texas.
Komazawa Olympic Park Stadium  is a multi-purpose stadium in Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan. The stadium is an integral feature of Komazawa Olympic Park and is currently used mostly for football matches  as well as American football games. 
Romeo Benetti (; born 20 October 1945) is a former Italian footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder. A tenacious player, Benetti played for several Italian clubs throughout his career, winning titles with A.C. Milan, Juventus and Roma. At international level, he represented the Italy national football team on 55 occasions between 1971 and 1980, and took part at the 1974 and 1978 FIFA World Cups, as well as UEFA Euro 1980, achieving fourth-place finishes in the latter two tournaments.
Alhabia is a municipality of Almería province, in Spain.
Latisana  is a town and "comune" in the province of Udine, in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of north-eastern Italy, on the Tagliamento river.
Sirolo is a "comune"  in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region of Marche. As of 28 February 2009 it had a population of 3,747 inhabitants and an area of .
Allendorf  is a small town in the district of Giessen, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated on the small river Lumda, south of Marburg, and northeast of Giessen.
Mangrol is a town and a minor port in Junagadh district in the state of Gujarat, western India. It was formerly the seat of the princely state of Mangrol. 
Birgit Hogefeld (born 27 July 1956) is a former member of the West German Red Army Faction .
John L. Kelley (December 6, 1916, Kansas – November 26, 1999, Berkeley, California) was an American mathematician at University of California, Berkeley who worked in general topology and functional analysis.
The Professional Karate Association , later Professional Karate & Kickboxing Association, was originally a martial arts sanctioning organization, now transformed into a martial arts promotion company. 
Jimmy Casper (born 28 May 1978 in Montdidier, Somme) is a French retired road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 1998 and 2012. He is best known for winning stage 1 of 2006 Tour de France.
Obergailbach  is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.
Corinaldo is a town and "comune" in the Province of Ancona, within the Marche region of central Italy. It is about north of Assisi. 
Velsk  is a town and the administrative center of Velsky District in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Vel River at its confluence with the Vaga River, south of Arkhangelsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
John Robert Winder Neill (born 17 December 1945) was the Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin until the end of January 2011.
Tolly Cobbold is a former brewery, with strong roots in Suffolk, England.
Cláudio Ibrahim Vaz Leal (born 4 April 1964 in Bagé, Brazil), better known as Branco, is Brazilian former footballer who played as a left back. A member of the triumphant Brazilian team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup, Branco was a renowned free kick specialist  known for the habit of placing the valve of the ball in the direction that he wanted the free kick to go.
Cisco College is a community college in Cisco, Texas located in Eastland County between Fort Worth and Abilene, where Highways 183, 206, and 6 intersect Interstate 20. The main campus is outside of Cisco, and the Abilene Educational Center is in Abilene. The college is accredited to award associate degrees by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.
Predappio  a town and "comune" in the province of Forlì-Cesena, in the region of Emilia-Romagna in Italy, with a population of 6,297. The town is best known for being the birthplace of Benito Mussolini, dictator of Italy from 1922 to 1943. 
Cortelazor is a town located in the province of Huelva, Spain. According to the 2005 census, it has a population of 289 inhabitants and covers an area of forty square kilometres. 
Bad Karlshafen is a baroque, thermal salt spa town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It has 2300 inhabitants in the main ward of Bad Karlshafen, and a further 1900 in the medieval village of Helmarshausen. 
La Banda is a city in the province of Santiago del Estero, Argentina. It has about 95,000 inhabitants as per the , making it the second largest in the province. It is the head town of the Banda Department.
Paul Jason Hanley (born 12 November 1977) is a retired professional male tennis player from Australia, specialising in doubles and owning 26 ATP titles in this discipline.
William "Bill" Chen (born 1970 in Williamsburg, Virginia) is an American quantitative analyst, poker player, and software designer.
Risto Juhani Laakkonen (born 6 May 1967) is a Finnish former ski jumper.
Miyano began his career as a musician in 2007. He released his debut single, , in May on the King Records label. 
Patrick Henry Winston is an American computer scientist, and is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Winston was director of the MIT Artificial Intelligence Laboratory from 1972 to 1997, succeeding Marvin Minsky, who left to help found the MIT Media Lab and succeeded by Rodney Brooks. Brooks assisted with merging the lab with the MIT Lab for Computer Science, to form the MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory .
San Felice Circeo is a town and "comune" in the province of Latina, in the Lazio region of central Italy.
Bernstadt auf dem Eigen is a town in the district Görlitz, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 16 km north of Zittau, and 16 km southwest of Görlitz.
First Blood is an American hardcore punk band from San Francisco, California, formed in 2002. Their debut album, "Killafornia", was released in 2006 on Trustkill Records. In 2010 they released their second album, "Silence Is Betrayal", on Bullet Tooth Records.
Chelsea are an English punk rock band which formed in 1976. Three of the four original band members went on to found Generation X. 
Mirny  is a town and the administrative center of Mirninsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the Irelyakh River , west of Yakutsk, the capital of the republic. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 37,188.
Kambarka  is a town and the administrative center of Kambarsky District of the Udmurt Republic, Russia, located on the Kambarka River , southeast of Izhevsk. Population: 
Andrew Adams (January 7, 1736 – November 26, 1797) was an American lawyer, jurist, and political leader in Litchfield, Connecticut, during the American Revolutionary War. He was a delegate for Connecticut to the Continental Congress and later Chief Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court. 
Cavaso del Tomba is a "comune" with about 3000 inhabitants in the province of Treviso, Veneto, north-eastern Italy. The municipality of Cavaso is spread over the southern flank of the buttress that extends from Monte Grappa towards the Piave River. 
Holyhead Hotspur Football Club is a football club based in Holyhead, Anglesey playing in the Welsh Alliance League .
Alfred Maria Willner (11 July 1859 – 27 October 1929) was an Austrian writer, philosopher, musicologist, composer and librettist.
Noccundra, previously Nocundra, is a township within the locality of Nockatunga in the Shire of Bulloo in South West Queensland, Australia.
William James Robert Peel, 3rd Earl Peel, (born 3 October 1947), styled Viscount Clanfield until 1969, was a Conservative peer from 15 May 1973 until October 2006 when, on his appointment as Lord Chamberlain of the Royal Household, he became a crossbench  member of the House of Lords.
Calau  is a small town in the Oberspreewald-Lausitz district, in southern Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated 14 km south of Lübbenau, and 27 km west of Cottbus. 
Dippoldiswalde  is a town in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, administrative center of the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district. It is situated 23 km east of Freiberg, and 18 km south of Dresden.
Eggesin  is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated on the river Uecker, 7 km southeast of Ueckermünde, and 42 km northwest of Szczecin.
Elzach  is a town in the district of Emmendingen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Elz, 26 km northeast of Freiburg.
Obrzycko  is a town in Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,172 inhabitants (2004).
Lommatzsch  is a municipality located in the district of Meißen in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.
Benn Robinson (born 19 July 1984, in Sydney) is a former Australian professional rugby union footballer. He plays as a loosehead prop for the New South Wales Waratahs in the Super Rugby competition, and for Australia in international matches.
Roger Philip Mason Jr. (born September 10, 1980) is an American retired professional basketball player who last played for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association . He is the former deputy executive director of the NBA Players Association. 
Dietrich  Thurau (born 9 November 1954 in Frankfurt) is a retired German professional road bicycle racer. His biggest career achievements include winning the one-day classic, Liège–Bastogne–Liège, his home country's Deutschland Tour and surprising the field at the 1977 Tour de France by capturing four stages and holding the yellow jersey as leader of the general classification from the prologue for 15 days. 
The Tambo River or Berrawan is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment, located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. With a total length in excess of , the Tambo River is one of the longest rivers in the East Gippsland drainage basin, extending from the steep forested southern slopes of the Victorian Alps through forest and farmland to the Gippsland Lakes.
Brancott Estate is the brand adopted since 2010 by Pernod Ricard for New Zealand's largest wine producer, formerly Montana Wines, which now operates as the New Zealand division of Pernod Ricard Winemakers. The name comes from its Brancott winery in Blenheim, and was chosen to reduce confusion in the United States market with wines from the state of Montana.
Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indiana, Inc.  is an automobile manufacturing factory located in Gibson County, Indiana, nearly halfway between Princeton and Fort Branch, and mostly in Union Township. It is part of Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America , owned by Toyota Motor Corporation of Japan. 
Princess Xenia Georgievna of Russia (22 August 1903, Mikhailovskoe, Russia – 17 September 1965, Glen Cove, New York) was the younger daughter of Grand Duke George Mihailovich of Russia and Princess Maria Georgievna of Greece and Denmark. She was a granddaughter of George I of Greece and first cousin of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Ralf Souquet ( ; born 29 November 1968 in Eschweiler) is a German professional pool player. His nickname is "The Kaiser". 
Giuseppe Giannini (; born 20 August 1964 in Rome) is a former Italian international footballer, who played as a midfielder.
Passport Designs Inc. was a software company that created early music production software, such as the pre-MIDI SoundChaser in 1982. Other programs included Master Tracks Pro and Encore.
Sperlinga is a comune in the province of Enna, in the central part of the island of Sicily, in southern Italy. It is one of I Borghi più belli d'Italia .
Falconara Marittima is a seaside resort on the Adriatic coast, in Italy, located north of Ancona, in the Marche region, province of Ancona.
Geising is a municipal subdivision of Altenberg in the Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated in the Ore Mountains, close to the border with the Czech Republic, north of Teplice, and south of Dresden. 
Gnoien is a small town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is situated 40 km southeast of Rostock.
Grebenstein is a town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is located 16 km northwest of Kassel on the German Timber-Frame Road. 
San Vendemiano is a municipality in the province of Treviso, northern Italy, from Treviso.
The Irish National League  was a nationalist political party in Ireland. It was founded on 17 October 1882 by Charles Stewart Parnell as the successor to the Irish National Land League after this was suppressed. 
Hartha is a town in the district of Mittelsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany. It is situated 11 km west of Döbeln, and 12 km north of Mittweida.
Gero (c. 900 – 29 June 976) was Archbishop of Cologne from 969 until his death.
Heringen  is a town in the district of Nordhausen, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the small river Helme, 8 km southeast of Nordhausen.
Plobsheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Canillas de Aceituno is a municipality in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain. It is located in the east of the province and is one of the municipalities comprising the comarca of Axarquia and the judicial district of Vélez-Málaga. 
Lenard Benoit Benjamin [be-NOYT] (; born November 22, 1964) is an American retired professional basketball player who was selected by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 1st round (3rd overall) of the 1985 NBA Draft. A 7'0" center from Creighton University, Benjamin played for nine NBA teams in 15 seasons from 1985-2000. He played for the Clippers (1985–91), Seattle SuperSonics (1991–93), Los Angeles Lakers (1993, 1999 preseason), New Jersey Nets (1993–95), Vancouver Grizzlies (1995), Milwaukee Bucks (1995–96), Toronto Raptors (1996), Philadelphia 76ers (1998–99) and Cleveland Cavaliers (1999).
Lanusei  is a town and "comune" in Sardinia in the Province of Nuoro.
WJEB-TV, virtual channel 59 (UHF digital channel 44), is a TBN owned-and-operated television station licensed to Jacksonville, Florida, United States. The station is owned by the Community Educational Television subsidiary of the Trinity Broadcasting Network, which manages TBN-owned stations in Florida and Texas on channels allocated for non-commercial educational broadcasting. 
Kranichfeld is a town in the Weimarer Land district, in Thuringia. It is situated on the river Ilm, 18 km southeast of Erfurt, and 16 km southwest of Weimar.
Kerang Airport is located southeast of Kerang, Victoria, Australia.
Orbost Airport is located northeast of Marlo, near Orbost, Victoria, Australia.
Yarrawonga Airport is located south-east of the town of Yarrawonga, Victoria on the border with New South Wales, Australia.
Buseto Palizzolo  is a town and "comune" in North-Western Sicily, Italy, administratively part of the province of Trapani. 
Leutenberg is a town in the district of Saalfeld-Rudolstadt, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated in the Thuringian Forest, 18 km southeast of Saalfeld.
Lugau is a town in the district Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany and twinned with Smithfield in Ireland. It is situated 17 km east of Zwickau, and 17 km southwest of Chemnitz.
Anthony Michael Milone (September 24, 1932 – May 17, 2018) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the sixth bishop of the Diocese of Great Falls-Billings, Montana, from 1988 to 2006.
Barbara Anne Hagerman, OPEI (née Oliver; February 9, 1943 – October 6, 2016) was a Canadian music teacher and performer and was the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island. She was the second woman in the province's history to have held this position.
Alfred Theodore Tollner (born May 29, 1940) is a former American football player and coach. He served as head coach at the University of Southern California  from 1983 to 1986 and San Diego State University  from 1994 to 2001, compiling an overall college football record of 69–68–1. Tollner also was an assistant coach in the National Football League  for 15 seasons, including stints as offensive coordinator for the San Diego Chargers, San Francisco 49ers and Detroit Lions.
The National Library of China  or NLC in Beijing is the national library of the People's Republic of China. With a collection of over 37 million items, it is the largest library in Asia and one of the largest in the world. 
Candida is a small town and "comune"  in the province of Avellino within the Campania region of Italy. It sits on top of a hill, at an elevation of and has around 1,100 inhabitants. It is from Avellino.
Cervinara is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy.
Lapio is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino, Campania, southern Italy. 
Naumburg is a town in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is located 25 km southwest of Kassel on the German Timber-Frame Road.
Kim Tae-Young (born 8 November 1970) is a retired South Korean football player who played as a defender. He usually played as left or centre back.
Loudenvielle is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune Armenteule was merged into Loudenvielle.
Carl Wilhelm Oseen (17 April 1879 in Lund – 7 November 1944 in Uppsala) was a theoretical physicist in Uppsala and Director of the Nobel Institute for Theoretical Physics in Stockholm.
The Nemours Mansion and Gardens is a country estate with "jardin à la française" formal gardens and a classical French mansion in Wilmington, Delaware. Built to resemble a French "château", its 105 rooms on five floors occupy nearly . It shares the grounds with the Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children, both owned by the Nemours Foundation at 1600 Rockland Road.
Nikola Todorov Zhekov (; German: Schekow; 6 January 1864 – 1 November 1949) was the Minister of War of Bulgaria in 1915 and served as commander-in-chief from 1915 to 1918 during World War I.
Princess Amalie of Hesse-Darmstadt (20 June 1754 – 21 June 1832) was a Hereditary Princess of Baden by marriage to Charles Louis, Hereditary Prince of Baden. She was the daughter of Ludwig IX, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt and Henriette Karoline of Palatine-Zweibrücken.
Ralph Vernon Mann (born June 16, 1949) is a retired American sprinter and hurdler. He was an undergraduate at Brigham Young University, and later earned a Ph.D. in Biomechanics from the Washington State University.
Saint-Fargeau is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Supraphon Music Publishing is a Czech record label, oriented mainly towards publishing classical music and popular music, with an emphasis on Czech and Slovak composers.
Karachi Port Trust Football Club is a Pakistani football club based in Kharadar, Karachi. The club is affiliated with Karachi Port Trust and play their home matches at KPT Stadium in Kharadar. 
The College of Design at the Georgia Institute of Technology, established in 1908 as the Department of Architecture and also formerly called the College of Architecture, offered the first four-year course of study in architecture in the Southern United States.
The River Oykel  is a major river in northern Scotland that is famous for its salmon fishing. It rises on Ben More Assynt, a few miles from Ullapool on the west coast of Scotland, and drains into the North Sea via the Kyle of Sutherland. 
Robert Douglas Carswell, Baron Carswell, PC (born 28 June 1934), is a retired Lord of Appeal in Ordinary.
Giant Industries  is an oil refinery company headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States.
The Long Island, part of the Long Island Group within the Furneaux Group, is a unpopulated granite and dolerite island, located in Bass Strait, lying north-west of the Cape Barren Island in Tasmania, in south-eastern Australia. The island is part of the Franklin Sound Islands Important Bird Area, identified as such by BirdLife International because it holds over 1% of the world populations of six bird species.
Prince Frederick of the Netherlands, Prince of Orange-Nassau (full names: Willem Frederik Karel; 28 February 1797 in Berlin – 8 September 1881 in Wassenaar), was the second son of William I of the Netherlands and his wife, Wilhelmine of Prussia.
KLVI (560 AM, "News Talk 560") is a news-talk radio station in the Beaumont, Texas, metropolitan area. It is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.. Its studios are located southeast of the I-10/US 69 interchange in Beaumont, and its transmitter is located in Bridge City, Texas.
Oksana Alexandrovna Domnina (, born 17 August 1984) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer. She and partner Maxim Shabalin are the 2010 Olympic bronze medalists, the 2009 World Champions, the 2008 & 2010 European Champions, the 2007 Grand Prix Final champions, and three-time (2005, 2007, 2010) Russian national champions.
Barellan is a small town in Narrandera Shire in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. On Census night 2016, Barellan had declined to a population of 538. It is a quiet Riverina wheat town on the Burley Griffin Way, with characteristic silos, and functions primarily as a service centre for the surrounding agricultural area.
Kevin William Gallacher (born 23 November 1966) is a Scottish professional football player and pundit. Gallacher played as a striker from 1983 until 2002, notably in the Premier League with Blackburn Rovers where he was part of the title winning side in 1994/95.
Moses ben Isaac ha-Levi Minz (15th century) was a German rabbi, a disciple of R. Yaakov Weil and contemporary of Israel Isserlein, whom he frequently consulted. He was successively rabbi at Mainz, Landau, Bamberg, and Posen. 
The Neda  is a river in the western Peloponnese in Greece. It is long, and its drainage area is . 
Alexander Gibbs & Co. was the name of a British stained glass studio founded in 1858 by Alexander Gibbs when he split off from the family firm founded by his father Isaac Alexander Gibbs in 1848. The studio continued until 1915. The studio was first located at 38 Bedford Square and moved in 1876 to Bloomsbury Street.
Yukhnov  is a town and the administrative center of Yukhnovsky District in Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located on the Kunava River  northwest of Kaluga, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Ksenia Vasilyevna Krasilnikova (, born 18 June 1991) is a Russian former pair skater. With Konstantin Bezmaternikh, she is the 2008 World Junior champion.
The Triple-S Management Corporation  —commonly known as Triple-S, or SSS— is an insurance holding company based in San Juan, Puerto Rico, which offers a wide range of insurance products and services in Puerto Rico through its wholly owned subsidiaries. Listed in the NYSE as GTS, Its headquarters are located at 1441 Franklin D. Roosevelt Ave., 
Igor Anatolyevich Pashkevich (; 1 July 1971 – 26 March 2016) was a figure skating coach and competitor. He was the 1990 World Junior champion for the Soviet Union and the 1996 European silver medalist for Russia. He competed at the 1994 Lillehammer Olympics for Russia and the 1998 Nagano Olympics for Azerbaijan.
Heartley William "Hunk" Anderson (September 22, 1898 – April 24, 1978) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at the Saint Louis University (1928–1929), University of Notre Dame (1931–1933), and North Carolina State University (1934–1936), compiling a career college football record of 34–34–4. From 1942 to 1945, Anderson was the head coach for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League , tallying a mark of 24–12 and winning the 1943 NFL Championship.
KHEY-FM, known as "96.3 K-Hey Country", is a country music radio station based in El Paso, Texas. The station broadcasts on 96.3 FM and it is under ownership of iHeartMedia, Inc.. It has a transmitter in the Franklin Mountains and its studios are located along Mesa Drive in west central El Paso.
F.C. Indiana, also known as F.C. Indiana Lionesses, is an American women's soccer team based in Indianapolis, Indiana. Founded in 2003, the team is currently a member of the United Women's Soccer league. 
Sabarna Sangrahashala  in Kolkata is a museum about the Sabarna Roy Choudhury family and Kolkata. It has been developed by The Sabarna Roy Choudhury Paribar Parishad. 
Eduard Meyer (25 January 1855 – 31 August 1930) was a German historian. He was the brother of Celticist Kuno Meyer (1858-1919).
The Tobique River  is a river in northwestern New Brunswick, Canada. The river rises from Nictau Lake in Mount Carleton Provincial Park and flows for 148 kilometres to its confluence with the Saint John River near Perth-Andover.
WHIO-FM (95.7 MHz) is an FM radio station licensed to Pleasant Hill, Ohio and serving the Dayton metropolitan area. The station is owned by Cox Media Group and it simulcasts AM sister station AM 1290 WHIO. After a local news morning show weekdays, the stations air nationally syndicated talk programs, including Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Brian Kilmeade and Clark Howard.
The University of the East College of Law or UE Law is the law school of the University of the East, a private, non-sectarian university in Manila, Philippines.
Ali Sabri  (30 August 1920 – 3 August 1991, Cairo) was an Egyptian politician of Turkish origin.
Notre Dame Bay is a large bay in Newfoundland, Canada. To the south it adjoins the Bay of Exploits.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , born Mahmoud Sabbaghian (, 28 October 1956), is an Iranian politician who served as the sixth President of Iran from 2005 to 2013. He was also the main political leader of the Alliance of Builders of Islamic Iran, a coalition of conservative political groups in the country.
Hannam University  is a private Christian university in Daejeon, South Korea. It was founded in 1956.
CICZ-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 104.1 FM in Midland, Ontario. The station, owned by Bell Media, airs a classic rock format branded as 104.1 The Dock.
Associació Esportiva Prat is a Spanish football team based in El Prat de Llobregat, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1945 it plays in Tercera División – Group 5, holding home games at "Estadi Sagnier", with a 500-seat capacity.
WCKN (92.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Moncks Corner, South Carolina, United States, the station serves the Charleston, South Carolina area. The station is currently owned by Saga Communications, Inc. The station's studios are located in Charleston  and the transmitter tower is in Mount Pleasant.
Ann Leila Kirkpatrick (born March 24, 1950) is an American politician serving as the U.S. Representative for . She previously represented from 2009 to 2011 and again from 2013 to 2017. A Democrat, she is also a former member of the Arizona House of Representatives.
Selayang is a town in Gombak District, Selangor, Malaysia. A new township, Bandar Baru Selayang is sited just 2 km away and was named after the town, where Majlis Perbandaran Selayang  is located.
Gresham Street is a street in the City of London named after the English merchant and financier Thomas Gresham. 
LUKoil-Avia is a Russian airline based at Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport. Owned by the LUKoil conglomerate, LUKoil-Avia operates flights for LUKoil executives, whilst also operating general executive charter flights.
Josmer Volmy "Jozy" Altidore ( ; born November 6, 1989) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a forward for Toronto FC and the United States national team.
Oy Karelian Trains Ltd is a joint venture agreed on 23 November 2006 between Russian Railways  and VR Group  to facilitate the operation of international express passenger rail services between Helsinki, Finland, and Saint Petersburg, Russia. Karelian Trains is registered in Helsinki; VR and RZhD both own 50% of the shares. The services are branded as Allegro.
Arraba , also Arrabah, Arrabeh or Arrabet Jenin, is a Palestinian town in the northern West Bank located 13 kilometers southwest of Jenin. It has an elevation of 350 meters above sea level and lies near Sahl Arraba, a plain that lies between Mount Carmel and Nablus. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics  census, Arraba had a population 9,920 in 2007.
The Heineken Experience, located in Amsterdam, is a historic brewery and corporate visitor center for the internationally distributed Dutch pilsner, Heineken beer.
Gironville is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne département in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Guermantes  is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is located in the Val de Bussy sector of Marne-la-Vallée. As of 2012, its population was 1,191.
Mailhac is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
The Sneeuberge or Sneeuberg mountain range was historically known as “Sneeuwbergen”, meaning ‘snow mountains’ in Cape Dutch, and refers to a significant portion of Southern Africa’s Great Escarpment in the Cradock, Murraysburg, Richmond, Graaff-Reinet, Nieu-Bethesda and Middelburg districts of the Great Karoo, most of which are in the Eastern Cape Province.
Nancy Irene Rouillard (married names: Ludington, Graham, born July 25, 1939) is an American pair skater.
Jouy-sur-Morin is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Lissy is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Ivar-Lykke Seidelin-Nielsen, known as Ivar Lykke for short, (March 7, 1889 in Frederiksberg, Copenhagen – January 9, 1955 in Frederiksberg, Copenhagen) was a Danish amateur football  player, who played as a defender. He played 27 games for the Denmark national football team, and competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics, winning a silver medal, as well as in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
Mizpah  was a city of the tribe of Benjamin referred to in the Hebrew Bible.
Efraim "Effi"  Eitam (, born 25 July 1952) is an Israeli politician and former military commander. A former leader of the National Religious Party, he later led a breakaway faction, Ahi, which merged into Likud in 2009. He served as a member of the Knesset between 2003 and 2009.
KATM (103.3 MHz Kat Country 103) is a commercial FM radio station in Modesto, California and also heard in the nearby cities of Stockton and Merced. The station is owned by Cumulus Media and airs a country music format. 
Miller Memorial Airpark is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) southwest of Vale in Malheur County, Oregon, USA.
The Duskfall is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Luleå, Sweden, formed in 1999. The band released four full-length studio albums and, shortly afterwards,the band split in 2008 and got back together 2014.
The American Institute of Steel Construction  is a not-for-profit technical institute and trade association for the use of structural steel in the construction industry of the United States.
Frank Hoste (born 29 August 1955 in Ghent) is a retired Belgian racing cyclist, who won the points classification in the Tour de France in 1984. Hoste was a professional cyclist from 1977 to 1991, then he started a bicycle factory. He competed in the individual road race and team time trial events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
The Free City of Danzig, sometimes referred to as the Republic of Danzig, was a semi-independent city-state established by Napoleon on 9 September 1807, during the time of the Napoleonic Wars following the capture of the city in the Siege of Danzig in May. After the Congress of Vienna of 1814/5, Danzig was re-incorporated into the Kingdom of Prussia.
WWCK-FM (105.5 FM, "CK105.5") is a radio station in Flint, Michigan, broadcasting an adult-oriented Top 40  format. The station is owned by Cumulus Media and has programmed its current format since 1989. 
Marzy is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Luzancy is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Marles-en-Brie is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Chamagne is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
The For Darwen Party was a local political party in Darwen, south of Blackburn, England, with a platform that Darweners were not properly represented on Blackburn with Darwen Borough Council.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats  is a political party in Wales and a member of the federal Liberal Democrats, along with the Scottish Liberal Democrats and the English Liberal Democrats.
Heinrich Adolf Schrader (1 January 1767 in Alfeld near Hildesheim – 22 October 1836 in Göttingen) was a German botanist and mycologist. He studied medicine early in life. 
West Airlines Co. Ltd. , operating as West Air, is a low-cost airline based in New North Zone, Chongqing, China, operating a scheduled passenger network to 18 domestic destinations out of Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport and one international one to Changi Airport in Singapore. The company was established in March 2006 by its parent company Hainan Airlines, with the launch of scheduled services on 14 July 2010. 
Kirill Yuryevich Lavrov (; 15 September 1925 – 27 April 2007) was a well-known Soviet and Russian film and theatre actor and director.
The Evangelical Theological Faculty  is a private university of Theology in Leuven, Flanders, Belgium.
Saint-Jean-de-Fos is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Frederick George Donnan CBE FRS FRSE (6 September 1870 – 16 December 1956) was an Irish physical chemist who is known for his work on membrane equilibria, and commemorated in the Donnan equilibrium describing ionic transport in cells. He spent most of his career at University College London.
Mauperthuis is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
The Liberal Alliance  is a liberal and libertarian political party in Denmark.
Wilbur Harden (December 31, 1924 in Birmingham, Alabama – June 10, 1969 in New York City) was an American jazz trumpeter, flugelhornist, and composer.
WTPS is a sports radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Petersburg, Virginia, serving Metro Petersburg. WTPS is owned and operated by Urban One. 
Anthony Ha-Jin Kim (born June 19, 1985) is an American professional golfer with three PGA Tour wins, a Ryder Cup, and Presidents Cup to his credit, but has not played a PGA Tour event since an injury in 2012.
Boydtown is a village on Twofold Bay near Eden, on the far south coast of New South Wales, Australia. It was the original settlement in the bay, founded by Benjamin Boyd in 1843 to service his properties on the Monaro plains. 
KRRG ("Big Buck 98.1 Today's Best Country") FM is a Country music formatted radio station that serves the Laredo, Texas, United States and Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico border area.
KLIT (93.3 FM, "Radio Cristiana") is a Spanish language Christian format radio station that serves the Laredo, Texas, area.
WLFJ (660 kHz) is a non-commercial AM radio station in Greenville, South Carolina. It is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. but is operated by the Radio Training Network, Inc. WLFJ airs a Christian talk and teaching radio format in the morning, with syndicated conservative talk shows afternoons and evenings. 
Uwe Ampler (born 11 October 1964) is a retired track and road cyclist from East Germany, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. There he won the gold medal in the men's team time trial, alongside Jan Schur, Mario Kummer, and Maik Landsmann. 
Ernst Gunther, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein (August 11, 1863 – February 22, 1921) was a son of Frederick VIII, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and Princess Adelheid of Hohenlohe-Langenburg. He inherited his father's title as titular duke of Schleswig-Holstein.
WDZZ-FM (92.7 FM, "Z92.7") is a radio station broadcasting an urban adult contemporary format, licensed to Flint, Michigan, and under ownership of Cumulus Media. Its studios are located south of the Flint city limits and its transmitter is north of downtown Flint.
Llangefni Town Football Club  are a Welsh football team based in Llangefni on Anglesey. They will be playing in the newly formed FAW Championship North & Mid from the 2019–20 season after gaining promotion from winning the Division 1 title in the Welsh Alliance League. 
Simon Reynolds (born 19 June 1963) is an English music journalist and author who began his professional career on the staff of "Melody Maker" in the mid-1980s, and has since gone on to freelance and publish a number of full-length books on music and popular culture, ranging from historical tomes on rave music, glam rock, and the post-punk era to critical works such as "The Sex Revolts: Gender, Rebellion and Rock 'n' Roll" (co-authored with his wife Joy Press, 1995) and "Retromania: Pop Culture's Addiction to Its Own Past" (2011). He has also contributed to "Spin", "Rolling Stone", "The New York Times", "The Village Voice", "The Guardian", "The Wire", "Pitchfork", and others.
Saint-Marc-Jaumegarde  is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.
La Fare-les-Oliviers is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France.
Hondutel , is the Honduras government's telecommunications company.
Chitika, Inc.  was a search-targeted advertising company. It was located in Westborough, Massachusetts, United States. 
Coaraze  is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Nantouillet is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Ormesson is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
The Sabauda Gallery  is an art collection in Turin, Italy, which contains the royal art collections amassed by the House of Savoy over the centuries. It is located on Via XX September, 86.
ABC Northern Tasmania (call sign: 7NT) is the ABC Local Radio station for northern Tasmania, based in Launceston, owned by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. It broadcasts on the main frequency of 91.7 MHz on the FM band from Mt Barrow at a power or 192Kw which covers much of Northern Tasmania. 
Sebastian Giovinco (; born 26 January 1987) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Saudi Arabian club Al-Hilal and the Italy national team as a forward.
Amora is a French company most known for its Dijon mustard. It is based in Dijon. Amora is currently a subsidiary of Unilever.
Pro X  is a Romanian TV channel that airs programming intended for a male audience, including sports transmissions. Its headquarters are located in Bucharest and it is owned by Pro TV SRL .
Morgan Sindall Group plc  is a British based construction services business headquartered in London. It is a former constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Solihull Moors Football Club is a professional association football club based in Solihull, West Midlands, England. It was founded in 2007 by the merger of Moor Green (founded in 1901) and Solihull Borough (founded in 1953).
Missaglia  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lecco in the Italian Lombardy region, located at the centre of the area known as the Meratese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 7,805.
Luis Fernando Tena Garduño (born 20 January 1958 in Mexico City) is a Mexican football coach.
Issac is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
General Toshevo  is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Dobrich Province. Located in the historic region of Southern Dobruja, it is the administrative centre of the homonymous municipality and was named after the noted Bulgarian General Stefan Toshev. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 7,130 inhabitants.
Club Deportivo y Social Juventud Unida is an Argentine football club located in San Miguel, Buenos Aires. The team currently plays at the Primera C, the regionalised fourth division of Argentine football league system.
Shandong Normal University  is a university in Jinan City, Shandong Province, China. It is one of the earliest institutions of higher learning established in Shandong Province since the founding of the People’s Republic of China. 
The Protestant Theological Institute  is a Protestant seminary and private university in Cluj-Napoca, Romania. The state-recognized institution trains ministers for four separate Protestant denominations: Calvinism , Lutheranism , and Unitarianism .
Fotbal Club Unirea 1924 Alba Iulia, commonly known as Unirea Alba Iulia , is a Romanian professional football club based in Alba Iulia, Alba County, founded in 1924 and currently playing in the Liga III.
FC Yerevan  is an Armenian professional football club from the capital, Yerevan.
Thomson Reuters Corporation  is a Canadian multinational mass media and information firm. The firm was founded in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, where it is headquartered at 333 Bay Street  in Downtown Toronto. Thomson Reuters shares are cross listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange  and the New York Stock Exchange .
Bell is a rural town and locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. It is in the western foothills of the Bunya Mountains, north of Dalby. At the , Bell had a population of 502.
Fulwell is a neighbourhood in the historic County of Middlesex and the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames encompassing the boundaries between South West Twickenham, North Teddington and Hampton Hill. The name is first mentioned c. 1450 and probably derives from Full or Foul Well.
Avia Traffic Company is an airline with its head office in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan. Its flights operate from Manas International Airport.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan (, ; born 21 January 1989) is an Armenian professional footballer who plays for club Arsenal and captains the Armenian national team.
Pamfou is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Renaissance Sportive de Berkane , comonly known as Nahdat Berkane  or for a short RS Berkane, is a Moroccan sports club based in Berkane, Morocco. The club's football team is currently playing in the first division of Moroccan championship Botola. 
Michel Georges Francois Peissel (February 11, 1937 – October 7, 2011) was a French ethnologist, explorer and author. He wrote twenty books mostly on his Himalayan and Tibetan expeditions. Peissel was an emeritus member of the Explorers Club and a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society.
Minya  is the capital of the Minya Governorate in Upper Egypt. It is located approximately south of Cairo on the western bank of the Nile River, which flows north through the city. 
The Nyang River  is a major river in south-west Tibet and the longest tributary of the Yarlung Tsangpo River.
Hizma  is a Palestinian town in the Jerusalem Governorate, seven kilometers from Jerusalem's Old City. The town, mostly located in Area C, borders the Israeli settlements of Neve Yaakov, Pisgat Ze'ev located in East Jerusalem and Geva Binyamin and Almon. 
Sandra Pires Tavares (born June 16, 1973 in Rio de Janeiro) is a female beach volleyball player from Brazil, who won the gold medal in the inaugural women's beach volleyball tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics, partnering Jackie Silva.
Tim Hunter (June 15, 1947 in Los Angeles, California) is an American television and film director. Since the late 1980s he has mostly worked on television, directing episodes for dozens of televisions series including 
Hacton is a small dispersed settlement in Greater London, England, located within the London Borough of Havering and in East London, and beyond London urban sprawl. Surrounded by the Metropolitan Green Belt, located in the countryside between two London suburban towns .
KIMO (107.3 FM, "The Mighty Mo") is a commercial radio station located in Townsend, Montana and serves the Helena area. KIMO airs a country music format and is owned by the Montana Radio Company.
Johann Haller or Jan Haller (1463–1525) is considered one of the first commercial printers in Poland.
Georg Friedrich Haas (born 16 August 1953 in Graz, Austria) is an Austrian composer.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer (1857 in Guinkirchen – 1925 in Bitche) was a French naturalist and entomologist who specialised in the study of parasitic insects. Educated as a priest, Kieffer taught natural science in Bitche, Lorraine while working on the description and classification of insects. 
FC Hirnyk Kryvyi Rih  is a professional Ukrainian football club based in Kryvyi Rih. The club currently competes in the Ukrainian Second League.
ABBA The Museum is a Swedish interactive exhibition about the pop band ABBA that opened in Stockholm, Sweden in May 2013. ABBA's collected works are showcased in a contemporary, interactive setting at Djurgården, Stockholm.
FC Kotayk , is a defunct Armenian football club from the town of Abovyan, Kotayk Province.
Silvia Rieger (born 14 November 1970) is a retired German athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles.
Pierre Jean Jouve (11 October 1887 – 8 January 1976) was a French writer, novelist and poet. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature five times. 
Benquerencia de la Serena  is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2014 census, the municipality has a population of 904 inhabitants.
The New Hampshire Republican State Committee is the affiliate of the United States Republican Party in New Hampshire. The Republican Executive Committee is headed by Chairman Wayne MacDonald.
Neox  is a Spanish television channel run by Atresmedia Televisión.
Bernard Cerquiglini (born 8 April 1947 in Lyon, France), is a French linguist.
Yatta or Yattah  is a Palestinian city located in the Hebron Governorate in the West Bank approximately 8 km south of the city of Hebron in the West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, it had a population of 64,277 in 2016.
Pizarra is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga, part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain. The municipality is situated approximately 30 kilometres from Málaga. It is located in the center of the province and belongs to the comarca of Valle del Guadalhorce. 
John Lysaght and Co. was an iron and steel company established in Bristol, England and with later operations in Wolverhampton, Newport, and Scunthorpe. The company was acquired by GKN in 1920.
Johan  Emil Sunila (16 August 1875 in Liminka – 2 October 1936 in Helsinki) was a Finnish politician from the Agrarian League, the managing director of the agrarian finance board, and Prime Minister of Finland in two cabinets.
Francesco Maria Richini  (9 February 1584 – 24 April 1658) was an Italian Baroque architect.
Klaus Dinger (24 March 1946 – 21 March 2008) was a German musician and songwriter most famous for his contributions to the seminal krautrock band Neu!. He was also the guitarist and chief songwriter of new wave group La Düsseldorf and briefly the percussionist of Kraftwerk.
Kosciusko Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago of southeastern Alaska, United States. It lies near the northwest corner of Prince of Wales Island, just across the El Capitan Passage from the larger island. 
Platt Adams (March 23, 1885 – February 27, 1961) was an American athlete. He competed in various events at the 1908 and 1912 Olympics and won a gold and a silver medal in jumping events in 1912.
WBWD (540 AM) is a radio station licensed to Islip, New York and broadcasting a Bollywood music format for the South Asian Desi community.
The Museum Wiesbaden is a two-branch museum of art and natural history in the Hessian capital of Wiesbaden, Germany. It is one of the three Hessian State museums, in addition to the museums in Kassel and Darmstadt.
The Operation M.D.  is a Canadian garage rock band created by Doctors Dynamite (Cone of Sum 41) and Rocco  as a side project to their other bands. The band's debut album, "We Have an Emergency", was released in February 2007 by Aquarius Records. Their second album "Birds + Bee Stings" was self-released by the band's own label "Mouth To Mouth Music" in June 2010.
The was a short-lived political party in the pre-war Empire of Japan.
Polyarnye Zori  is a town in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Niva River, Lake Imandra, and Lake Pinozero, south of Murmansk. Population: 
Independence Community College is a community college in Independence, Kansas, United States. It was formerly known as Independence Community Junior College.
Tovuz  is the capital of Tovuz  in Azerbaijan.
Chulym  is a town and the administrative center of Chulymsky District in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Chulym River of Novosibirsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: It was previously known as "Chulymskoye".
Jamal Aziz Othman (born 13 August 1986 in Worb, Canton of Bern) is a Swiss figure skater. He is the 2009 Swiss national champion and a five-time (2002, 2005–2007, 2010) national silver medalist.
CFMH-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 107.3 MHz in Saint John, New Brunswick. It is the campus-based community radio station at the University of New Brunswick Saint John. 
Maximos V Hakim (; May 18, 1908, in Tanta, Egypt – June 29, 2001, Beirut, Lebanon) was elected Patriarch of Antioch and All the East, and Alexandria and Jerusalem of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church in 1967 and served until 2000. He guided the church through turbulent changes in the Middle East and rapid expansion in the Western hemisphere.
Unga Island  is the largest of the Shumagin Islands off the Alaska Peninsula in southwestern Alaska, United States. The island has a land area of 170.73 sq mi (442.188 km²), making it the 36th largest island in the United States. As of the 2000 census, it had a permanent population of one. 
Alexander Ilich Rodimtsev (; 8 March 1905 13 April 1977) was a colonel-general in the Red Army during World War II and who was awarded the title Hero of the Soviet Union in 1937 and 1945.
Sigiswald Kuijken (; born 16 February 1944) is a Belgian violinist, violist, and conductor known for playing on period and original instruments.
Rafael Vicente Correa Delgado (; born 6 April 1963) is an Ecuadorian politician and economist who served as President of Ecuador from 2007 to 2017. The leader of the PAIS Alliance political movement, Correa is a democratic socialist and his administration focused on the implementation of left-wing policies. Internationally, he served as president "pro tempore" of the Union of South American Nations. 
Cliff Gorman (October 13, 1936 – September 5, 2002) was an American stage and screen actor. He won an Obie award in 1968 for the stage presentation of "The Boys in the Band", and went on to reprise his role in the 1970 film version.
The Amsterdam Crusaders are an American Football club from Amsterdam, the Netherlands. Together with the Amsterdam Panthers, Rotterdam Trojans and Alphen Eagles, Amsterdam Crusaders are the oldest surviving Dutch American Football club.
Kirkcaldy Galleries is the main museum, library and exhibition space in Kirkcaldy in Fife, Scotland.
Independent Wrestling Association  Mid-South  is an American independent professional wrestling promotion based in Memphis Indiana. It was formed by Ian Rotten in 1996.
The Sarner Aa is a long river in the Swiss canton of Obwalden. It drains the area to the eastern side of the Brünig Pass, flowing through the Lake Lungern, Lake Sarnen and the Wichelsee, before entering Lake Lucerne near Alpnach. 
Count Palatine Francis Louis of Neuburg (German: Franz Ludwig von Pfalz-Neuburg; 18 July 1664 – 6 April 1732) was bishop and archbishop of several dioceses, prince-elector of the Holy Roman Empire, and "Hochmeister" of the Teutonic Order.
The National Railway Museum of Pietrarsa  lies beside the Naples–Portici railway, between the city of Naples and the towns of Portici and San Giorgio a Cremano. Pietrarsa is an area among these villages in the past known as “Pietra Bianca”  but it was renamed Pietrarsa  after the eruption of the Vesuvius in 1631.
Established on the National Day of the Maldives, the first national museum of the country was opened on November 11, 1952, by the Prime Minister at the time, Mohamed Amin Didi.
Chonbuk National University  is a national research university founded in 1947, located in Jeonju, Republic of Korea. As the flagship national university for the Jeollabuk-do province , Chonbuk National University has been ranked 501–550th in the world by QS Top Universities Ranking in 2016.
Hellen Jemaiyo Kimutai (born 28 December 1977) is a Kenyan marathon runner.
North West Telecom  is part of Rostelecom, providing telecommunications service to northwest Russia.
Sayed Abdallah Khalil  was a prominent Sudanese politician who served as the second Prime Minister of Sudan.
Brenda Dean, Baroness Dean of Thornton-le-Fylde, (29 April 1943 – 13 March 2018) was a British trade unionist and Labour Party politician. As general secretary of SOGAT from 1985 until 1991, she was "the first woman elected to head a major industrial trade union."
Herod of Chalcis (d. 48-49 AD), also known as Herod V, listed by the "Jewish Encyclopedia" as Herod II, was a son of Aristobulus IV, and the grandson of Herod the Great, Roman client king of Chalcis. He was the brother of Herod Agrippa I and Herodias.
The Haq Movement for Liberty and Democracy  is an opposition political organization in Bahrain founded in November 2005 with Hasan Mushaima as its secretary general. Several of its leaders were previously in the leadership of the Al Wefaq society, but it also contains others, Ali Rabea, a secular nationalist and former member of parliament previously associated with the National Democratic Action Society, and Shaikh Isa Al Jowder, a Sunni cleric.
George Valentine Bonhag (January 31, 1882 – October 30, 1960) was an American athlete and a member of the Irish American Athletic Club and the New York City Police Department. He competed in distance events, both racewalking and running, at the 1904, 1908 and 1912 Olympics and at the 1906 Intercalated Games.
Harold "Shorty" Baker (May 26, 1914 in St. Louis, Missouri, USA – November 8, 1966 in New York City) was a jazz trumpeter.
Herschel "Tex" Evans (9 March 1909 – 9 February 1939) was an American tenor saxophonist who worked in the Count Basie Orchestra. He also worked with Lionel Hampton and Buck Clayton. He is also known for starting his cousin Joe McQueen's interest in the saxophone.
The Rally of Republican Lefts  was an electoral alliance during the French Fourth Republic composed of the Radical Party, the Independent Radicals, the Democratic and Socialist Union of the Resistance  and several conservative groups. Headed by Jean-Paul David, founder of the anti-Communist movement "Paix et Liberté" , it was in fact a right-of-center conservative coalition, which presented candidates to the June 1946, November 1946, and 1951 legislative elections.
Alianza Petrolera is a Colombian professional football team based in Barrancabermeja, that currently plays in the Categoría Primera A. The club was founded in 1991 and played in the Categoría Primera B until 2012. They play their home games at the Daniel Villa Zapata stadium. They have also played home matches in the town of Guarne, Antioquia and in Floridablanca.
Leeway is an American crossover thrash band formed in Astoria, New York, USA in 1984 by guitarist A.J. Novello and vocalist Eddie Sutton under the name The Unruled. They played alongside groups such as Crumbsuckers, Prong, Ludichrist, Bad Brains, and Sick of It All at the predominantly hardcore punk-oriented CBGB venue, and had metal influences from the start. 
Sporting Clube Petróleos de Cabinda is an Angolan football club based in Cabinda. They play their home games at the Estádio do Chiazi or Estádio Municipal do Tafe..
Emma Shapplin (born Crystêle Madeleine Joliton on 19 May 1974, in the Paris suburb of Savigny-le-Temple) is a French soprano.
Express Football Club, abbreviated as Express, is a Ugandan football club from Kampala, the largest city and capital of Uganda. The club play their home games at the Muteesa II Wankulukuku Stadium.
Central Uruguay Railway Cricket Club  was a Uruguayan sports club, originally established by British railway workers for the practise of cricket. Nevertheless, the club would be notable for its football section, considered one of the greatest contributors to that sport in Uruguay. 
Apollodorus (; 394 – after 343 BCE) of Acharnae in Attica was an Athenian politician known from several ancient forensic speeches which were preserved as part of the Demosthenic corpus. He was the son of Pasion, a wealthy banker who had been granted Athenian citizenship in thanks for the gifts he had made to the city of Athens.
KQOB (96.9 FM, "Alice 96.9") is an Adult hits radio station serving the Oklahoma City area and is owned by Champlin Broadcasting. The station is currently in a LMA with Cumulus Media. 
Edvaldo Oliveira Chaves (born 4 August 1958 in Nilópolis, Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil), best known as Pita, is a former association footballer in offensive midfielder role, currently works as General Manager by Desportivo Brasil.
Stephan Engels (born 6 September 1960 in Niederkassel) is a former German football player and manager, who played as a midfielder.
Antoine Duprat (17 January 1463 – 1535) was a French Cardinal and politician, who was chancellor of France.
Club Atlético Talleres, usually called Talleres de Remedios de Escalada, is an Argentine sports club sited in the Remedios de Escalada district of Lanús Partido, Greater Buenos Aires. The club is mostly known for its football team, which currently plays in the Primera B Metropolitana, the third division of the Argentine football league system.
Stuart Street is one of the main streets of Dunedin, New Zealand. As with many of Dunedin's streets, it is named after a main street in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Fukushi won two silver medals at the 2002 Asian Games and then won the 10,000 m gold medal at the 2006 edition. She is a former world record holder in the 15 km road race and is the Japanese record holder in the 5000 m, 10,000 m, and 10K road distance. 
The Orchestra is a rock band formed by former members of the Electric Light Orchestra and ELO Part II. It is the continuation of ELO Part II following Bev Bevan's departure and selling of his share in the rights to the ELO name to Jeff Lynne.
Gustav Erik Larsson (born 20 September 1980 in Gemla) is a Swedish professional road racing cyclist for UCI Continental team . He previously rode for UCI Professional Continental team in 2013-14 and in 2012. 
Club Gimnasia y Esgrima  is an Argentine football club located in the city of Mendoza. Its first division team currently plays in the Primera B Nacional, the second division of the Argentine football league system.
Viacom Productions was a television production arm of Viacom International. The division was active from 1974 until 2004, when the company was folded into Paramount Network Television 10 years following Viacom's acquisition of Paramount Pictures.
WEGO (1410 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Concord, North Carolina, which simulcasts WSAT in Salisbury, North Carolina.
The Seomjin River is a river in South Korea. It drains southeastern Jeollabuk-do as well as eastern Jeollanam-do and western Gyeongsangnam-do provinces, and flows into the Korea Strait. 
, also known as HAB, is a Japanese broadcast network affiliated with the ANN. Their headquarters are located in Ishikawa Prefecture.
Nikolay Robertovich Erdman (; , Moscow — 10 August 1970) was a Soviet dramatist and screenwriter primarily remembered for his work with Vsevolod Meyerhold in the 1920s. His plays, notably "The Suicide" (1928), form a link in Russian literary history between the satirical drama of Nikolai Gogol and the post-World War II Theatre of the Absurd.
Applied Media Technologies Corporation  is a Tampa, Florida-based provider of commercial sound equipment, "on hold" messaging to US and Canadian businesses under the brand name TelAdvantage, and background music for businesses as a partner of SIRIUS Satellite Radio.
Elizabeth Shippen Green (September 1, 1871 – May 29, 1954) was an American illustrator. She illustrated children's books and worked for publications such as "The Ladies' Home Journal", "The Saturday Evening Post" and "Harper's Magazine".
Stefan Sagmeister (born August 6, 1962 in Bregenz, Austria) is a New York-based graphic designer, storyteller, and typographer. Sagmeister co-founded a design firm called Sagmeister & Walsh Inc. with Jessica Walsh in New York City. 
Attilio Ferraris (; 26 March 1904 – 8 May 1947) was an Italian footballer who played as a midfielder.
Maxime Jacques Marcel Verhagen (; born 14 September 1956) is a retired Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal  party and businessman. He is the chairman of the since 1 July 2013 and a Member of the Social and Economic Council since 1 October 2015.
WCIG is an American radio station, licensed to Dallas, Pennsylvania. WCIG is owned and operated by Family Life Ministries and is part of the Family Life Network.
The Wellow Brook is a small river in Somerset, England.
Missouri Valley College is a private liberal arts college that is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church  and located in Marshall, Missouri. The college was founded in 1889 and supports 40 academic majors and an enrollment close to 1,800 students. Missouri Valley College is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission, a Commission of the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.
KTTX (106.1 FM, KTEX 106) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Brenham, Texas, United States, the station serves the College Station area. 
Andreas Staier (born 13 September 1955 in Göttingen) is a German pianist and harpsichordist.
Wolfdietrich Schnurre (22 August 1920 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany – 9 June 1989 in Kiel, West Germany) was a German writer.
Gerhardus Marinus Maria "Gerard" Nijboer (born 18 August 1955) is a former Dutch long-distance runner. Nijboer competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1980 , when he won the silver medal in the marathon. 
Saint-Vivien is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Rachel Renee Smith (born April 18, 1985) is an American actress, TV host, model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss USA 2007 and who previously had competed in the Miss Teen USA 2002 pageant. She represented the United States at Miss Universe 2007 and placed 4th runner-up.
Tripartisme  was the mode of government in France from 1944 to 1947, when the country was ruled by a three-party alliance of communists, socialists and Christian democrats, represented by the French Communist Party , the French Section of the Workers' International  and the Popular Republican Movement , respectively. The official charter of "tripartisme" was signed on 23 January 1946, following the resignation of Charles de Gaulle, who opposed the draft of the constitution. 
Cha Seung-won (born 7 June 1970) is a South Korean actor, who began his career as an in-demand fashion model in the 1990s. Cha achieved stardom through the hit comedy films "Kick the Moon" (2001), "Jail Breakers" (2002), "My Teacher, Mr. Kim" (2003), and "Ghost House" (2004). 
WFUS (103.5 FM, "US 103-5") is a country music radio station in Tampa, Florida. It has been the flagship station of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers since 2004. Licensed to Gulfport, Florida, the station's studios are located in South Tampa and the transmitter site is in Riverview.
Unione Sportiva Castrovillari Calcio is an Italian association football club located in Castrovillari, Calabria.
St. Clair County International Airport is a public airport owned by the government of St. Clair County, Michigan, United States. It is located in Kimball Township, five miles (8 km) southwest of the central business district  of Port Huron. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration  National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a regional reliever airport facility.
Hilly Kristal (born Hillel Kristal; September 23, 1931August 28, 2007) was an American club owner, manager and musician who was the owner of the iconic New York City club, CBGB, which opened in 1973 and closed in 2006 over a rent dispute.
State University of Londrina  is one of the public universities of the State of Paraná, Brazil.
Maubec is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Viens  is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
The River Bovey rises on the eastern side of Dartmoor in Devon, England, and is the largest tributary to the River Teign. The river has two main source streams, both rising within a mile of each other, either side of the B3212 road between Moretonhampstead and Postbridge, before joining at Jurston.
Pak Song-chol or Park Sung-chul (2 September 1913 – 28 October 2008) was the Premier of North Korea from 1976 to 1977. He succeeded Kim Il. 
" 'Oberdischingen' " is a municipality in Alb-Donau-Kreis in Baden-Württemberg.
MOIK Baku is an Azerbaijani football club, based in Baku. MOIK was originally built around the same concept of military sports club as CSKA Moscow, CSKA Sofia.
Body Head Bangerz is a hip hop group based in Pensacola, Florida and formed by former heavyweight boxing champion Roy Jones, Jr. Originally consisting of Jones, Magic and Choppa, the current roster includes Jones, SM Bullet and Ms.Kandi. 
Micha Marah (born 26 September 1953 in Oud-Turnhout as Aldegonda Leppens) is a Belgian singer and actress. She represented Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1979 with the song "Hey Nana".
Herman L. "Herm" Gilliam Jr. (May 5, 1946 – April 16, 2005) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
Mari Petroleum Company Limited   is a Pakistani petroleum exploration and production company based in Islamabad, Pakistan. The company is controlled by the Fauji Foundation with 40 percent shares.
The East Dart River is one of the two main tributaries of the River Dart in Devon, England.
Lomas Athletic Club is an Argentine sports club from the Lomas de Zamora district of Greater Buenos Aires. One of Argentina's oldest clubs still in existence, Lomas is one of the four institutions that founded the "River Plate Rugby Championship"  in 1899, The rugby union team currently plays in Top 12, the first division of Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires .
Alyson Regina Annan (born 12 June 1973) is an Australian retired field hockey player, who earned a total number of 228 international caps for the Women's National Team, in which she scored 166 goals. Annan is presently the head coach of the Netherlands women's national field hockey team; she led the team to a silver medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Brazil. 
The Netherlands Institute of International Relations Clingendael or Clingendael Institute  is an independent think tank and diplomatic academy which studies various aspects of international relations. The institute is located in Wassenaar in Huys Clingendael, a 17th-century manor house which is part of the Clingendael estate.
Teak Museum is located 4 km from Nilambur, a town in the Malappuram district of Kerala, South India. Teak occurs naturally in India with the main teak forests found in Kerala.
Stonebridge is a locality in the London Borough of Brent that forms the western part of Harlesden in north west London, England. It is also the name of the largest electoral ward in the borough, which includes Stonebridge itself as well as Park Royal, Brent Park and the St Raphael's Estate. 
Anne Spielberg (born December 25, 1949) is an American screenwriter and the sister of film director Steven Spielberg.
Built to Spill is an American indie rock band based in Boise, Idaho. The band has released eight full-length albums. 
Judith Arlene Resnik (; April 5, 1949 – January 28, 1986) was an American electrical engineer, software engineer, biomedical engineer, pilot and NASA astronaut who died when the Space Shuttle "Challenger" was destroyed during the launch of mission STS-51-L. Resnik was the second American woman in space and the fourth woman in space worldwide, logging 145 hours in orbit. She was also the first Jewish American in space and the first Jewish woman of any nationality in space. The IEEE Judith Resnik Award for space engineering is named in her honor.
Lieutenant General James Hamilton, 4th Duke of Hamilton and 1st Duke of Brandon (11 April 1658 – 15 November 1712) was a
Idris (; El Sayyid Prince Muhammad Idris bin Muhammad al-Mahdi as-Senussi; 12 March 1889 – 25 May 1983) was a Libyan political and religious leader who served as the Emir of Cyrenaica and then as the King of Libya from 1951 to 1969. He was the chief of the Senussi Muslim order.
Ascoli Piceno  is a town and "comune" in the Marche region of Italy, capital of the province of the same name. Its population is around 48,278 but the urban area of the city has more than 93,000.
Ronald William Fordham Searle, CBE, RDI (3 March 1920 – 30 December 2011) was an English artist and satirical cartoonist. He is perhaps best remembered as the creator of St Trinian's School and for his collaboration with Geoffrey Willans on the Molesworth series.
ABC News is the news division of the American Broadcasting Company , owned by the Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company. Its flagship program is the daily evening newscast "ABC World News Tonight with David Muir"; other programs include morning news-talk show "Good Morning America", "Nightline", "Primetime", and "20/20", and Sunday morning political affairs program "This Week with George Stephanopoulos".
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Mravinsky  (19 January 1988) was a Soviet and Russian conductor.
William Law Anderson (21 October 1879 – 25 October 1910) was a Scottish immigrant to the United States who became the first golfer to win four U.S. Opens, with victories in 1901, 1903, 1904, and 1905. He is still the only man to win three consecutive titles, and only Bobby Jones, Ben Hogan, and Jack Nicklaus have equalled his total of four championships. He is a member of the World Golf Hall of Fame.
Alexei Valeryevich Yashin (; born 5 November 1973) is a Russian former professional ice hockey centre who played twelve seasons in the National Hockey League  for the Ottawa Senators and New York Islanders, serving as captain of both teams. He also played nine seasons in the Russian Superleague  and Kontinental Hockey League  for Dynamo Moscow, CSKA Moscow, Lokomotiv Yaroslavl and SKA St. Petersburg.
Xu Huang  (died 227), courtesy name Gongming, was a military general serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty of China. He later served in the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period under the first two rulers, Cao Pi and Cao Rui, before his death at the start of Cao Rui's reign. 
Holland America Line is a British/American-owned cruise line, a subsidiary of Carnival Corporation & plc. Originating in the Netherlands, the company moved its headquarters to Seattle, Washington, United States.
Wendover is a market town and civil parish at the foot of the Chiltern Hills in Buckinghamshire, England. It is situated at the point where the main road across the Chilterns between London and Aylesbury intersects with the once important road along the foot of the Chilterns. 
Jan Pieterszoon Coen (8 January 1587 – 21 September 1629) was an officer of the Dutch East India Company  in the early-17th century, holding two terms as Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies. He was the founder of Batavia, the Dutch East Indies' capital city. 
Pierre Jacques Étienne Cambronne, later Pierre, 1st Viscount Cambronne (26 December 1770 – 29 January 1842), was a general of the First French Empire. A main strategist of the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars, he was wounded at the Battle of Waterloo.
The Bank of Montreal, "" doing business as BMO Financial Group, is a Canadian multinational investment bank and financial services company headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. One of the Big Five banks in Canada, it is the fourth-largest bank in Canada by market capitalization and assets, as well as one of the ten largest banks in North America. It is commonly known by its acronym BMO , which is also its stock symbol on both the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange.
David Starr Jordan (January 19, 1851 – September 19, 1931) was an American ichthyologist, educator, eugenicist, and peace activist. He was president of Indiana University and the founding president of Stanford University.
Elizabeth Lee Wurtzel (born July 31, 1967) is an American writer and journalist, known for publishing her best-selling memoir "Prozac Nation", at the age of 26. She holds a BA in comparative literature from Harvard College and a JD from Yale Law School.
The Darling River is the third longest river in Australia, measuring from its source in northern New South Wales to its confluence with the Murray River at Wentworth, New South Wales. Including its longest contiguous tributaries it is long, making it the longest river system in Australia.
Friedrich Hermann Hund (4 February 1896 – 31 March 1997) was a German physicist from Karlsruhe known for his work on atoms and molecules.
Christy Canyon (born June 17, 1966) is a retired pornographic actress and American radio personality. She is an inductee of the AVN and XRCO Hall of Fame.
China Post, full name China Post Group Corporation, is the state-owned enterprise operating the official postal service of China, which provides the service in mainland China, excluding its special administrative regions, Hong Kong and Macau, which have their own postal service independent to the mainland's. The Corporation officially shares its office with the sub-ministry-level government agency State Post Bureau which regulates the national postal industry theoretically including the Corporation.
Riddarholmen  is a small islet in central Stockholm, Sweden. The island forms part of Gamla Stan, the old town, and houses a number of private palaces dating back to the 17th century. 
Ithaca Tompkins Regional Airport is a county-owned airport three miles northeast of Ithaca, the county seat and only city in Tompkins County, New York. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a "primary commercial service" facility. 
Celestica Inc. is a Canadian multinational electronics manufacturing services  company headquartered in Toronto, Ontario.
Migdal HaEmek  is a city in the Northern District of Israel. In it had a population of . There is a tower to the north-east, above the town.
Kiryat Bialik   is a city in the Haifa District in Israel. It is one of the five Krayot suburbs to the north of Haifa. In it had a population of .
Arlette Yvonne Laguiller (born 18 March 1940) is a French politician. From 1973 to 2008, she was the spokeswoman and the best known leader and perennial candidate of Lutte Ouvrière , Trotskyist political party.
William George Zane Jr. (born February 24, 1966) is an American actor and producer. He is best known for his villainous role in the epic romantic disaster film "Titanic" (1997), as well as roles in the science fiction comedies "Back to the Future" (1985) and "Back to the Future Part II" (1989), "Dead Calm" (1989), the television series "Twin Peaks" (1991), the western film "Tombstone" (1993), the horror film "Demon Knight" (1995), "Kingdom Hearts" (2002), and the comedy-drama "CQ" (2001).
The Jinggang Mountains  are a mountain range of the Luoxiao Mountains System , in the remote border region of Jiangxi and Hunan Provinces.
Torremolinos  is a municipality in Andalusia, southern Spain, west of Málaga. A poor fishing village before the growth in tourism began in the late 1950s, Torremolinos was the first of the Costa del Sol resorts to be developed and is still the most popular in the region.
Henryk Szeryng  (22 September 19183 March 1988) was a Polish-Mexican violinist.
Kirkland Lake is a town and municipality in Timiskaming District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada. The 2016 population, according to Statistics Canada, was 7,981.
Ashton-Tate  was a US-based software company best known for developing the popular dBASE database application. Ashton-Tate grew from a small garage-based company to become a multinational corporation. 
Karl Richter (15 October 1926 – 15 February 1981) was a German conductor, choirmaster, organist and harpsichordist.
King Cheng of Zhou  or King Ch'eng of Chou was the second king of the Chinese Zhou Dynasty. The dates of his reign are 1042-1021 BCE or 1042/35-1006 BCE. His parents were King Wu of Zhou and Queen Yi Jiang .
Six Companies, Inc. was a joint venture of construction companies that was formed to build the Hoover Dam on the Colorado River in Nevada and Arizona.
Mailly-Champagne is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
North Hennepin Community College  is a public community college in Brooklyn Park, Minnesota. It was founded in 1966 and is a member of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system.
Kamloops  is a city in south-central British Columbia, Canada, at the confluence of the two branches of the Thompson River and east of Kamloops Lake.
Maud of Wales, (Maud Charlotte Mary Victoria; 26 November 1869 – 20 November 1938) was Queen of Norway as spouse of King Haakon VII. She was the youngest daughter of the British king Edward VII and Alexandra of Denmark. 
The Ouachita River  is a river that runs south and east through the U.S. states of Arkansas and Louisiana, joining the Tensas River to form the Black River near Jonesville, Louisiana. It is the 25th-longest river in the United States .
Fremont is a neighborhood in Seattle, Washington, United States. Originally a separate city, it was annexed to Seattle in 1891, and is named after Fremont, Nebraska, the hometown of two of its founders Luther H. Griffith and Edward Blewett.
Kandalaksha  is a town in Kandalakshsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located at the head of Kandalaksha Gulf on the White Sea, north of the Arctic Circle. Population: 40,564 (2002 Census); 
Jules de Polignac, Count of Polignac (; Jules Auguste Armand Marie; 14 May 17802 March 1847), then Prince of Polignac, and briefly 3rd Duke of Polignac in 1847, was a French statesman and ultra-royalist politician after the Revolution. He served as prime minister under Charles X, just before the July Revolution in 1830 that overthrew the senior line of the House of Bourbon.
The Kaimai Range  is a mountain range in the North Island of New Zealand. It is part of a series of ranges, with the Coromandel Range to the north and the Mamaku Ranges to the south. The Kaimai Range separates the Waikato in the west from the Bay of Plenty in the east.
The National Centre Party, initially known as the National Farmers and Ratepayers League, was a short-lived political party in the Irish Free State. It was founded on 15 September 1932 in the Mansion House, Dublin, with the support of several sitting TDs, including the three Farmers' Party members and thirteen Independents, all of whom feared for their political future if they did not coordinate in a common organisation. Prominent among the latter were party leader Frank MacDermot, a TD for Roscommon since the general election of February 1932, and James Dillon, a TD for Donegal, who was the son of John Dillon, the last leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party.
Saint Erasmus of Formia, also known as Saint Elmo, was a Christian saint and martyr, who died c. 303. He is venerated as the patron saint of sailors and abdominal pain. 
Admiral Luis Carrero Blanco, 1st Duke of Carrero Blanco (4 March 1904 – 20 December 1973) was a Spanish Navy officer and politician, who was Prime Minister of Spain from June to December 1973. He fought in the Rif War; in the Spanish Civil War, he supported the Nationalist side, which led Carrero to become one of the prominent political figures of Francoist Spain. 
Ermenonville is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Hopewell Holdings Limited  , established on 17 October 1972, is a Hong Kong infrastructure and property firm headed by Sir Gordon Wu.
Rose Perica Mofford (June 10, 1922September 15, 2016) was an American civil servant and politician of the Democratic Party whose career in state government spanned 51 years. Beginning her career with the State of Arizona as a secretary, Mofford worked her way up the ranks to become the state's first female secretary of state and first female governor.
The Network were a six-piece new wave band. A secret side-project of punk rock band Green Day, they released their only album "Money Money 2020" on Adeline Records on September 30, 2003.
TV 2 is a government-owned subscription television station in Denmark based in Odense, Funen.
Richard Joseph Durbin (born November 21, 1944) is an American attorney and politician serving as the senior United States Senator from Illinois, a seat he was first elected to in 1996. He has been the Senate Democratic Whip since 2005, the second-highest position in the Democratic leadership in the U.S. Senate.
Rudolf Khametovich Nureyev ( , ; 17 March 1938 – 6 January 1993) was a Soviet ballet and contemporary dancer and choreographer. Named Lord of the Dance, Nureyev is widely regarded as the greatest male ballet dancer of his generation.
West End Games  was a company that made board, role-playing, and war games. It was founded by Daniel Scott Palter in 1974 in New York City, but later moved to Honesdale, Pennsylvania. 
The Trevi Fountain  is a fountain in the Trevi district in Rome, Italy, designed by Italian architect Nicola Salvi and completed by Giuseppe Pannini and several others. Standing high and wide, it is the largest Baroque fountain in the city and one of the most famous fountains in the world. The fountain has appeared in several notable films, including "Roman Holiday", Federico Fellini's "La Dolce Vita", the eponymous "Three Coins in the Fountain", "The Lizzie McGuire Movie", and "Sabrina Goes to Rome".
Henry I, Prince of Joinville, Duke of Guise, Count of Eu (31 December 1550 – 23 December 1588), sometimes called "Le Balafré" , was the eldest son of Francis, Duke of Guise, and Anna d'Este. His maternal grandparents were Ercole II d'Este, Duke of Ferrara, and Renée of France. Through his maternal grandfather, he was a descendant of Lucrezia Borgia and Pope Alexander VI.
BC Rail , is a railway in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
The Society of Actuaries  is a global professional organization for actuaries. It was founded in 1949 as the merger of two major actuarial organizations in the United States: the Actuarial Society of America and the American Institute of Actuaries. 
Newport  is a city and unitary authority area in south east Wales, on the River Usk close to its confluence with the Severn Estuary, northeast of Cardiff. At the 2011 census, it was the third largest city in Wales, with a population of 145,700. 
Sir Roger Arthur Carver Norrington (born 16 March 1934) is a British conductor. He is the son of Sir Arthur Norrington and his brother is Humphrey Thomas Norrington.
The Labor Party was an American social democratic political party advocating workers' interests. 
Moses Znaimer, (born 1942) is a co-founder and former head of Citytv, the first independent television station in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and the current head of ZoomerMedia.
Dennis is a town in Barnstable County, Massachusetts, United States, located near the center of Cape Cod. The population was 14,207 at the 2010 census.
James Scott McCallum (born May 2, 1950) is an American businessman and former politician. A member of the Republican Party, he was the 43rd Governor of Wisconsin, serving from 2001 to 2003. Prior to assuming the role of governor upon the appointment of Tommy Thompson as Secretary of Health and Human Services, McCallum served as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate and as the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin.
Sucha Beskidzka (before 1961 called only "Sucha") is a town in the "Beskid Żywiecki" mountain range in southern Poland, on the Skawa river. It is the county seat of Sucha County. It has been in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship since 1999; previously it was in Bielsko-Biała Voivodeship (1975–1998).
Leipzig University , in Leipzig in the Free State of Saxony, Germany, is one of the world's oldest universities and the second-oldest university  in Germany. The university was founded on December 2, 1409 by Frederick I, Elector of Saxony and his brother William II, Margrave of Meissen, and originally comprised the four scholastic faculties. 
James Minter Knepper (November 22, 1927 – June 14, 2003) was an American jazz trombonist. In addition to his own recordings as leader, Knepper performed and recorded with Charlie Barnet, Woody Herman, Claude Thornhill, Stan Kenton, Benny Goodman, Gil Evans, Thad Jones and Mel Lewis, Toshiko Akiyoshi and Lew Tabackin, and, most famously, Charles Mingus in the late 1950s and early 1960s. Knepper died in 2003 of complications of Parkinson's disease.
KXDF-CD, virtual and VHF digital channel 13, is a low-powered, Class A CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Fairbanks, Alaska, United States. Owned by Gray Television, it is a sister station to NBC affiliate KTVF (channel 11) and MyNetworkTV affiliate KFXF-LD (channel 22). 
KNRK (94.7 MHz) is a commercial, FM radio station, licensed to Camas, Washington, serving the Portland metropolitan area. It is owned by Entercom and airs a modern AC-leaning alternative rock radio format. 
Estadio Municipal da Malata  is a multi–use stadium in Ferrol, Spain and the home stadium of Racing de Ferrol.
Oscar Joseph "Ossie" Vitt (January 4, 1890 – January 31, 1963) was a Major League Baseball third baseman and manager in the American League for the Detroit Tigers (1912–1918) and Boston Red Sox (1919–1921). Vitt later became manager of the Cleveland Indians (1938–1940), where he sometimes clashed with his players.
Mark Richard Acres (born November 15, 1962) is a retired American professional basketball player who spent most of his career in the National Basketball Association . He was a 6'11", power forward/center.
Lennoxtown  is a town in East Dunbartonshire, Scotland at the foot of the Campsie Fells, which are just to the north.
Al Jawf  is a town in southeastern Libya, the capital of the Kufra district in Libya.
Saint Alfanus I or Alfano I (died 1085) was the Archbishop of Salerno from 1058 to his death. He was famed as a translator, writer, theologian, and medical doctor in the eleventh century. He was a physician before he became archbishop, one of the earliest great doctors of the Schola Medica Salernitana. 
Sukhumi or Sokhumi " ) is a city on the Black Sea coast. It is the capital of the breakaway Republic of Abkhazia, which has controlled it since the 1992-93 war in Abkhazia, although most of the international community considers it legally part of Georgia.
Broomehill is a town on the Great Southern Highway between Katanning and Albany, in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. Its local government area is the Shire of Broomehill-Tambellup.
The New Republic Party  was a South African political party. It was formed as the successor to the disbanded United Party  in 1977 and as a merger with the smaller Democratic Party. 
Julia, also known as Julia Minor and Julia the Younger, (101–51 BC) was the second of two daughters of Gaius Julius Caesar and Aurelia Cotta. She was the sister of the dictator Gaius Julius Caesar, and the maternal grandmother of Augustus.
The Tampa Museum of Art is located in downtown Tampa, Florida. It exhibits modern and contemporary art, as well as Greek, Roman, and Etruscan antiquities. 
Basque Christian Democracy  was a Basque Country Christian-democratic party active during the Spanish transition to democracy - legalized in 1977.
Newton Abbot Spurs Association Football Club is a football club based in Newton Abbot, Devon, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Recreation Ground.
Francillon is a commune in the Indre department in central France.
Mark Rutte (; born 14 February 1967) is a Dutch politician serving as the 50th and current Prime Minister of the Netherlands since 2010 and Leader of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy  since 2006. Rutte was previously appointed as State Secretary for Social Affairs and Employment from 22 July 2002 to 17 June 2004 and as State Secretary for Education, Culture and Science from 17 June 2004 until 27 June 2006, when he was elected to succeed Jozias van Aartsen as the new VVD Leader.
Xianning  is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Hubei province, People's Republic of China, bordering Jiangxi to the southeast and Hunan to the southwest. It is known as the "City of Osmanthus".
James Jones (born January 1, 1945) is an American former professional basketball player who was a six-time All-Star in the American Basketball Association .
Carmel Waterbury Bodel (1912 - 2013) was an American figure skater. She competed in ice dance with Edward Bodel, and the pair was married in 1949. 
Battery Path  is a pedestrian-only footpath located beneath Government Hill in Central, Hong Kong. Named after Murray Battery, it stretches from Queen's Road Central to Garden Road. The path is noted for many historical landmarks situated on it, most notably the Former Central Government Offices, the Former French Mission Building and St. John's Cathedral.
Estes Express Lines is a full-service freight transportation provider based in Richmond, Virginia, in the United States. Founded in 1931 by W.W. Estes, the company is still owned and operated by the Estes family. 
Jarmo Sakari Sandelin (born 10 May 1967) is a Swedish professional golfer.
Lieutenant Colonel Eric Stewart Marshall (29 May, 1879 - 26 February, 1963) was a British Antarctic explorer with the Nimrod Expedition led by Ernest Shackleton in 1907–09, and was one of the party of four men  who reached Furthest South at on 9 January 1909.
WSDZ (1260 AM) is an urban gospel formatted radio station licensed to Belleville, Illinois, serving the Greater St. Louis. The station, which began broadcasting in 1947, is owned and operated by Salem Media Group. 
Fenton, Murray and Jackson was an engineering company at the Round Foundry off Water Lane in Holbeck, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
 was born in in the Province of Silesia . A veteran of the Austro-Prussian War and the Franco-Prussian War, he had risen through the ranks of the Prussian Army, being appointed chief of the staff of the VI Army Corps at in 1897, commanding the 9th Division from 1901 to 1904 and the XVIII Army Corps from 1904 to 1912. 
Clarks Summit University is a higher education institution located in Clarks Summit, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, just outside the city of Scranton.
Hokitika Aerodrome is a small, uncontrolled aerodrome located 1.9 km north east of Hokitika in the suburb of Seaview on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. It is also the closest domestic airport with scheduled flights to the town of Greymouth 40 km further north, the largest settlement on the coast.
Varzy is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.
Omer  is an upscale town in the Southern District of Israel, bordering Beersheba. It is located on Highway 60, between Beersheba and the Shoket Junction. In it had a population of .
Bay Mills Community College is a tribal college chartered by the federally recognized Bay Mills Indian Community of Michigan with a total enrollment of approximately 500 on-campus and online students. The students come primarily from Michigan's eastern Upper Peninsula and are 60% Native American. BMCC is a member of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium , a community of tribally and federally chartered institutions working to strengthen tribal nations.
Joe Louis Caldwell (born November 1, 1941) is a retired American professional basketball player. Born in Texas City, Texas, he spent six seasons (1964–1970) in the National Basketball Association  and five seasons (1970–1975) in the now-defunct American Basketball Association , and was one of the few players to be an All-Star in both leagues. He was also a member of the United States Olympic basketball team that won gold at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
Real Maya was a Honduran football club.
Kokopo is the capital of East New Britain in Papua New Guinea. The capital was moved from Rabaul in 1994 when the volcanoes Tavurvur and Vulcan erupted. 
Anjani Thomas (born July 10, 1959) is an American singer-songwriter and pianist, best known for her work with singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen, as well as Carl Anderson, Frank Gambale, and Stanley Clarke. She became a solo artist in 2000.
Hauenstein is a municipality in the Südwestpfalz district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is situated in the Palatinate forest, approximately 20 km east of Pirmasens, and 20 km west of Landau.
Mednogorsk  is a town in Orenburg Oblast, Russia. Population: 
Ransbach-Baumbach is a town in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Ransbach-Baumbach is the seat of the "Verbandsgemeinde" of Ransbach-Baumbach, a kind of collective municipality.
Scott David Westerfeld (born May 5, 1963) is an American writer of young adult fiction, best known as the author of the "Uglies" and the "Leviathan" series.
The Exponents is a New Zealand rock group led by vocalist and songwriter Jordan Luck. 
The University of Bahrain  is the largest public university in the Kingdom of Bahrain. It is the only national university in the country. 
The Holy Forty Martyrs Church  is a medieval Eastern Orthodox church constructed in 1230 in the town of Veliko Tarnovo in Bulgaria, the former capital of the Second Bulgarian Empire.
The Principality of Polotsk , also known as the Duchy of Polotsk or the Polotskian Rus', was a medieval principality of the Early East Slavs. The origin and date of state establishment is uncertain. The Russian chronicles mention Polotsk being conquered by Vladimir the Great, and thereafter it became associated with the Rurik dynasty and Kievan Rus'.
Polch is a town in the district Mayen-Koblenz, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is part of the "Verbandsgemeinde"  of Maifeld. It is situated east of Mayen.
Vincenzo "Enzo" Bearzot (; 26 September 1927 – 21 December 2010) was an Italian professional football manager and former footballer, who played as a defender or midfielder. He led the Italian national team to victory in the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
Karen Keskulla Uhlenbeck (born August 24, 1942) is an American mathematician and a founder of modern geometric analysis. She is a professor emeritus of mathematics at the University of Texas at Austin, where she held the Sid W. Richardson Foundation Regents Chair. She is currently a visiting associate at the Institute for Advanced Study and a visiting senior research scholar at Princeton University.
WDBQ-FM (107.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic hits format. Located near Galena, Illinois, United States, the station serves the Dubuque, Iowa area. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and licensed to Townsquare Media Dubuque License, LLC.
Sir Hans Leo Kornberg, FRS (born 14 January 1928) is a British-American biochemist. He was Sir William Dunn Professor of Biochemistry in the University of Cambridge from 1975 to 1995, and Master of Christ's College, Cambridge from 1982 to 1995.
Svetlana Mikhailovna Pospelova (; born December 24, 1979 in Saint Petersburg) is a Russian sprinter who primarily competes over 400 metres.
Mettlach is a municipality in the district Merzig-Wadern, in Saarland, Germany, situated on the river Saar, approximately northwest of Merzig, and south of Trier. The headquarters of Villeroy & Boch are in Mettlach. Also, the Mettlach tiles are named after the municipality.
Pine Creek is an tributary of Penns Creek in central Pennsylvania in the United States. Via Penns Creek, it is part of the Susquehanna River watershed.
Loyalsock Creek is a tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River located chiefly in Sullivan and Lycoming counties in Pennsylvania in the United States. As the crow flies, Lycoming County is about northwest of Philadelphia and east-northeast of Pittsburgh.
Artur Jerzy Partyka (born 25 July 1969 in Stalowa Wola, Poland) is a former Polish high jumper and two-time Olympic medalist. He won twelve national titles in a row, starting in 1989. He represented ŁKS Łódź.
Lei Yue Mun Road  is a major road in Lam Tin, Hong Kong. It runs from the junction with Tsui Ping Road and Kwun Tong Road near MTR Kwun Tong Station to the roundabout with Ko Chiu Road near Lei Yue Mun Estate in Yau Tong. The westernmost section of Lei Yue Mun Road is a part of Hong Kong Route 7 and serves as a connection between Route 7 and Route 2.
Bazaiges is a commune in the Indre département in central France.
Zhob River  is located in Balochistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The total length of the Zhob River is 410 km, and it flows on a generally northeasterly course. 
Nalbach is a municipality in the district of Saarlouis, in Saarland, Germany. It is situated approximately 8 km northeast of Saarlouis, and 20 km northwest of Saarbrücken.
The Traisen  is a river in Lower Austria.
Kouaoua is a commune in the North Province of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. Nickel mining is operated in Kouaoua.
Shibi Khagan (r. 609 or 611–619 AD) succeeded Yami Qaghan as the second khagan of the Eastern Turkic Khaganate. 
Victoria Louise Pendleton, (born 24 September 1980) is a British jockey and former track cyclist who specialised in the sprint, team sprint and keirin disciplines. She is a former Olympic, European and Commonwealth champion. 
Melendez Films is a film animation studio. It was founded in 1969 as a London subsidiary of Bill Melendez Productions  by Steven C. Melendez .
Bad Zwischenahn  is a town and a municipality in the low-lying Ammerland district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated on the lake Zwischenahner Meer, approx. 15 km northwest of Oldenburg, and about 70 km south of the North Sea coast.
Adams Island was an island in the U.S. state of Massachusetts.
Pierre Benoit (16 July 1886 - 3 March 1962) was a French novelist, screenwriter and member of the Académie française. He is perhaps most known for his second novel "L'Atlantide" (1919) that has been filmed a variety of times.
Delta 5 was an English post-punk band from Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Conches-sur-Gondoire  is a commune on the Gondoire river in Brie, in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is roughly from Paris.
Woodanilling is a small town in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
Nandini Satpathy (9 June 1931 – 4 August 2006) was an Indian politician and author. She was the Chief Minister of Odisha from June 1972 to December 1976.
Stephen Mirrione (born February 17, 1969) is an American film editor. He won an Academy Award for his editing of the film "Traffic" (2000).
The Orkla is a river in Trøndelag and Hedmark counties in Norway. At in length, it is the longest river in Trøndelag county. 
Lexy is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Krasnoznamensk , formerly Lasdehnen (1734-1938; ) and Haselberg (1938-1946), is a town and the administrative center of Krasnoznamensky District in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located on the Sheshupe River, northeast of Kaliningrad, the administrative center of the oblast, and approximately to the south of the border with Lithuania. Population: 
Gagan Narang (born 6 May 1983) is an Indian shooter, supported by the Olympic Gold Quest. He was the first Indian to qualify for the London Olympics. 
In the middle is an equestrian statue of king Louis XIV by François-Frédéric Lemot (1825). Another statue, representing the Petit Prince and Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, is at the west end of the square. 
Tread Lightly! is a nonprofit organization in the United States with the mission to encourage responsible use of the outdoor. 
Thisted FC is a Danish football club currently playing in the Danish 1st Division following their promotion from the Danish 2nd Divisions at the end of the 2016–17 season. They play at Sparekassen Thy Arena  in Thisted, West Jutland, which has a capacity of 3,000.
Okulovka  is a town and the administrative center of Okulovsky District in Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located in the Valdai Hills, on the Peretna River, east of Veliky Novgorod, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Zadar Airport  is an international airport serving Zadar, Croatia. It is located in Zemunik Donji, from the centre of Zadar.
Penn State Mont Alto is a commonwealth campus of the Pennsylvania State University and it is located in Mont Alto, Pennsylvania. It incorporates the Pennsylvania State Forest Academy, founded in 1903 by Governor Samuel W. Pennypacker.
WDAM-TV is a dual NBC/ABC-affiliated television station serving Hattiesburg, Mississippi, United States that is licensed to Laurel. Owned by Gray Television, it broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual and VHF channel 7 from a transmitter at its studios on U.S. 11 in unincorporated Moselle in southern Jones County. 
Daniele  Amfitheatrof (, October 29, 1901 in Saint Petersburg, Russia – June 4, 1983 in Rome, Italy) was a Russian-born Italian-naturalised composer and conductor.
Rodas  is a municipality and town in the Cienfuegos Province of Cuba. It was founded in 1859 under the name of "Lechuzo". 
Nathan Deakes (born 17 August 1977 in Geelong) is an Australian former race walker. Deakes trained with the Australian Institute of Sport.
Robert Abbot (1560–1617) was an Anglican clergyman and academic, known as a polemical writer. He served as Master of Balliol College, Oxford, Regius Professor of Divinity, and Bishop of Salisbury from 1615. Among his four younger brothers, George became Archbishop of Canterbury and Maurice became Lord Mayor of London.
Castellet-en-Luberon (before 2018: "Castellet") is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Beaumont-du-Ventoux is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. This commune wine co-operative "cave" draws on local vineyards. The overall area is at the foothill of the famous Mont Ventoux, a famous cycle stage of the Tour de France.
Parma Airport  is located northwest of Parma, a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. The airport was opened on 5 May 1991. 
Arakoon is an eastern suburb of the town of South West Rocks in Kempsey Shire, New South Wales, Australia. At the , Arakoon had a population of 420 people.
Morsang-sur-Orge is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris.
Maurepas is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is located in the western suburbs of Paris from the center.
Khar , also spelled Khaar, is the headquarters of the Bajaur Agency of Pakistan. Khar is one of the largest towns in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, and lies on the border with Afghanistan. 
The Hemavati is a river in Karnataka, southern India, an important tributary of the Kaveri.
Albert Sidney Johnston (February 2, 1803 – April 6, 1862) served as a general in three different armies: the Texian Army, the United States Army, and the Confederate States Army. He saw extensive combat during his 34-year military career, fighting actions in the Black Hawk War, the Texas War of Independence, the Mexican–American War, the Utah War, and the American Civil War.
Albert Speer (; ; March 19, 1905 – September 1, 1981) was the Minister of Armaments and War Production in Nazi Germany during most of World War II. A close ally of Adolf Hitler, he was convicted at the Nuremberg trials and sentenced to 20 years in prison. 
Antoninus Pius (; ; 19 September 867 March 161), also known as Antoninus, was Roman emperor from 138 to 161. He was one of the Five Good Emperors in the Nerva–Antonine dynasty and the Aurelii.
The Alabama River, in the U.S. state of Alabama, is formed by the Tallapoosa and Coosa rivers, which unite about north of Montgomery, near the suburb of Wetumpka.
Aldine Press was the printing office started by Aldus Manutius in 1494 in Venice, from which were issued the celebrated Aldine editions of the classics . The first book that was dated and printed under his name appeared in 1495.
Alexander Jannaeus  was the second Hasmonean king of Judaea from 103 to 76 BC. A son of John Hyrcanus, he inherited the throne from his brother Aristobulus I, and married his brother's widow, Queen Salome Alexandra. 
Alfonso IV, called the Kind  (2 November 1299 – 24 January 1336) was the King of Aragon and Count of Barcelona  from 1327 to his death. His reign saw the incorporation of the County of Urgell, Duchy of Athens, and Duchy of Neopatria into the Crown of Aragon.
Anaximenes of Lampsacus (; ; 320 BC) was a Greek rhetorician and historian.
Alfonso Jordan  (1103–1148) was the Count of Tripoli (1105–09), Count of Rouergue (1109–48) and Count of Toulouse, Margrave of Provence and Duke of Narbonne (1112–48, as Alfons I).
Aristide Joseph Bonaventure Maillol (; December 8, 1861 – September 27, 1944) was a French sculptor, painter, and printmaker.
Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington (28 December 1882 – 22 November 1944) was an English astronomer, physicist, and mathematician of the early 20th century who did his greatest work in astrophysics. He was also a philosopher of science and a populariser of science. 
Alban Maria Johannes Berg (; ; February 9, 1885 – December 24, 1935) was an Austrian composer of the Second Viennese School. His compositional style combined Romantic lyricism with twelve-tone technique.
Admiral Arthur Phillip (11 October 1738 – 31 August 1814) was a Royal Navy officer and the first Governor of New South Wales who founded the British penal colony that later became the city of Sydney, Australia.
Abd ar-Rahman IV Mortada  was the Caliph of Córdoba in the Umayyad dynasty in Al-Andalus, succeeding Sulayman ibn al-Hakam, in 1018. That same year, he was murdered at Cadiz while fleeing from a battle in which he had been deserted by the very supporters which had brought him into power. 
Abraham Joshua Heschel (January 11, 1907 – December 23, 1972) was a Polish-born American rabbi and one of the leading Jewish theologians and Jewish philosophers of the 20th century. Heschel, a professor of Jewish mysticism at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America, authored a number of widely read books on Jewish philosophy and was active in the civil rights movement.
The Durrani Empire , also called the Sadozai Kingdom , and Afghan Empire , was founded and built by Ahmad Shah Durrani. At its maximum extent, the empire ruled over what are now the modern-day countries of Afghanistan, Pakistan, as well as some parts of northeastern Iran, eastern Turkmenistan, and northwestern India including the Kashmir region.
Saint Anthony or Antony ( "Antṓnios"; ; ; c. 12 January 251 – 17 January 356), was a Christian monk from Egypt, revered since his death as a saint. He is distinguished from other saints named Anthony such as , by various epithets of his own: , , and For his importance among the Desert Fathers and to all later Christian monasticism, he is also known as the . His feast day is celebrated on 17 January among the Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches and on Tobi 22 in the Coptic calendar used by the Coptic Church.
Byzantium  was an ancient Greek colony in early antiquity that later became Constantinople, and then Istanbul. The Greek term Byzantium  continued to be used as a name of Constantinople during the Byzantine Empire, even though it only referred to the empire's capital. 
Richard Buckminster Fuller (; July 12, 1895 – July 1, 1983) was an American architect, systems theorist, author, designer, inventor and futurist.
Barcelonnette  is a commune of France and a subprefecture in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. It is located in the southern French Alps, at the crossroads between Provence, Piedmont and the Dauphiné, and is the largest town in the Ubaye Valley. The town's inhabitants are known as "Barcelonnettes".
William John Clifton Haley (; July 6, 1925 – February 9, 1981) was an American rock and roll musician. He is credited by many with first popularizing this form of music in the early 1950s with his group Bill Haley & His Comets and million-selling hits such as "Rock Around the Clock", "See You Later, Alligator", "Shake, Rattle and Roll", "Rocket 88", "Skinny Minnie", and "Razzle Dazzle". 
William Edward Crystal (born March 14, 1948) is an American actor, comedian, writer, producer, director, and television host. He gained prominence in the 1970s and 80s for television roles as Jodie Dallas on the ABC sitcom "Soap" and as a cast member and frequent host of "Saturday Night Live". 
Ben Nevis  is the highest mountain in the British Isles. Standing at above sea level, it is at the western end of the Grampian Mountains in the Lochaber area of the Scottish Highlands, close to the town of Fort William.
Carl Linnaeus (; 23 May 1707 – 10 January 1778), also known after his ennoblement as Carl von Linné , was a Swedish botanist, physician, and zoologist who formalised binomial nomenclature, the modern system of naming organisms. He is known as the "father of modern taxonomy". Many of his writings were in Latin, and his name is rendered in Latin as (after 1761 Carolus a Linné).
Chalmers University of Technology  is a Swedish university located in Gothenburg that focuses on research and education in technology, natural science, architecture, maritime and other management areas.
Confucius ( ; 551–479 BC) was a Chinese philosopher and politician of the Spring and Autumn period.
Charles Proteus Steinmetz (born Karl August Rudolph Steinmetz, April 9, 1865 – October 26, 1923) was a German-born American mathematician and electrical engineer and professor at Union College. He fostered the development of alternating current that made possible the expansion of the electric power industry in the United States, formulating mathematical theories for engineers. 
Caligula (; Latin: "Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus"; 31 August 12 – 24 January 41 AD) was Roman emperor from 37 to 41 AD. The son of the popular Roman general Germanicus and Augustus's granddaughter Agrippina the Elder, Caligula was born into the first ruling family of the Roman Empire, conventionally known as the Julio-Claudian dynasty. Germanicus's uncle and adoptive father, Tiberius, succeeded Augustus as emperor of Rome in 14.
Claudius Aelianus (; c. 175c. 235 AD), commonly Aelian , born at Praeneste, was a Roman author and teacher of rhetoric who flourished under Septimius Severus and probably outlived Elagabalus, who died in 222. 
Carl Ransom Rogers (January 8, 1902 – February 4, 1987) was an American psychologist and among the founders of the humanistic approach  to psychology. Rogers is widely considered to be one of the founding fathers of psychotherapy research and was honored for his pioneering research with the Award for Distinguished Scientific Contributions by the American Psychological Association  in 1956.
James Dalton Trumbo (December 9, 1905 – September 10, 1976) was an American screenwriter and novelist who scripted many award-winning films including "Roman Holiday", "Exodus", "Spartacus", and "Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo". One of the Hollywood Ten, he refused to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee  in 1947 during the committee's investigation of Communist influences in the motion picture industry. 
Denis Diderot (; 5 October 171331 July 1784) was a French philosopher, art critic, and writer, best known for serving as co-founder, chief editor, and contributor to the "Encyclopédie" along with Jean le Rond d'Alembert. He was a prominent figure during the Enlightenment.
Dmitri Dmitriyevich Shostakovich (, ; 9 August 1975) was a Russian composer and pianist. He is regarded as one of the major composers of the 20th century.
Dorothy Parker (née Rothschild; August 22, 1893 – June 7, 1967) was an American poet, writer, critic, and satirist based in New York; she was best known for her wit, wisecracks, and eye for 20th-century urban foibles.
Dolores Agnes Fuller (née Eble; March 10, 1923 – May 9, 2011) was an American actress and songwriter best known as the one-time girlfriend of the low-budget film director Ed Wood. She played the protagonist's girlfriend in "Glen or Glenda", co-starred in Wood's "Jail Bait", and had a minor role in his "Bride of the Monster". 
Johannes Erwin Eugen Rommel (15 November 1891 – 14 October 1944) was a German general and military theorist. Popularly known as the Desert Fox, he served as field marshal in the Wehrmacht  of Nazi Germany during World War II, as well as serving in the Reichswehr of the Weimar Republic, and the army of Imperial Germany.
Edwin Austin Abbey (April 1, 1852August 1, 1911) was an American muralist, illustrator, and painter. He flourished at the beginning of what is now referred to as the "golden age" of illustration, and is best known for his drawings and paintings of Shakespearean and Victorian subjects, as well as for his painting of Edward VII's coronation. 
Edmund Burke (; 12 January <nowiki>[</nowiki>NS<nowiki>]</nowiki> 17299 July 1797) was an Anglo-Irish statesman born in Dublin as well as an author, orator and liberal conservative political theorist and philosopher who served as a member of parliament  between 1766 and 1794 in the House of Commons with the Whig Party after moving to London in 1750.
Enver Halil Hoxha (; ; 16 October 190811 April 1985) was an Albanian communist politician who served as the head of state of Albania from 1944 until his death in 1985, as the First Secretary of the Party of Labour of Albania. He was chairman of the Democratic Front of Albania and commander-in-chief of the armed forces from 1944 until his death. He served as the 22nd Prime Minister of Albania from 1944 to 1954 and at various times served as foreign minister and defence minister as well.
Epictetus (; , "Epíktētos"; 55 135 AD) was a Greek Stoic philosopher. He was born a slave at Hierapolis, Phrygia  and lived in Rome until his banishment, when he went to Nicopolis in northwestern Greece for the rest of his life. His teachings were written down and published by his pupil Arrian in his "Discourses" and "Enchiridion".
Fritz Reuter Leiber Jr. (December 24, 1910 – September 5, 1992) was an American writer of fantasy, horror, and science fiction. He was also a poet, actor in theater and films, playwright and chess expert. With writers such as Robert E. Howard and Michael Moorcock, Leiber can be regarded as one of the fathers of sword and sorcery fantasy, having coined the term.
Francesco Borromini, byname of Francesco Castelli (25 September 1599 – 2 August 1667), was an Italian architect born in today's Ticino who, with his contemporaries Gian Lorenzo Bernini and Pietro da Cortona, was a leading figure in the emergence of Roman Baroque architecture.
Fernando António Nogueira Pessoa (; 13 June 1888 – 30 November 1935), commonly known as Fernando Pessoa, was a Portuguese poet, writer, literary critic, translator, publisher and philosopher, described as one of the most significant literary figures of the 20th century and one of the greatest poets in the Portuguese language. He also wrote in and translated from English and French.
Friedrich Wilhelm Bessel (; 22 July 1784 – 17 March 1846) was a German astronomer, mathematician, physicist and geodesist. He was the first astronomer who determined reliable values for the distance from the sun to another star by the method of parallax. 
Fleetwood Mac are a British-American rock band, formed in London in 1967. They have sold more than 100 million records worldwide, making them one of the world's best-selling bands. In 1998, select members of Fleetwood Mac were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and received the Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music. 
The Republic of Guinea Armed Forces  are the armed forces of Guinea. They are responsible for the territorial security of Guinea's border and the defence of the country against external attack and aggression.
Giulio Alberoni (30 May 1664 OS – 26 June NS 1752) was an Italian cardinal and
Servius Sulpicius Galba (; ; 24 December 3 BC – 15 January AD 69) was Roman emperor from 68 to 69, the first emperor in the Year of the Four Emperors. He was known as Lucius Livius Galba Ocella prior to taking the throne as a result of his adoption by his stepmother, Livia Ocellina. The governor of Hispania at the time of the rebellion of Gaius Julius Vindex in Gaul, he seized the throne following Nero's suicide.
Giacomo Antonio Domenico Michele Secondo Maria Puccini (; 22 December 1858 29 November 1924) was an Italian opera composer who has been called "the greatest composer of Italian opera after Verdi".
The Gallipoli peninsula  is located in the southern part of East Thrace, the European part of Turkey, with the Aegean Sea to the west and the Dardanelles strait to the east.
Geneva College is a Christian liberal arts college in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, United States. Founded in 1848, in Northwood, Ohio, the college moved to its present location in 1880, where it continues to educate a student body of about 1400 traditional undergraduates in over 30 majors, as well as graduate students in a handful of master's programs. It is the only undergraduate institution affiliated with the Reformed Presbyterian Church of North America.
Henry Ford (July 30, 1863 – April 7, 1947) was an American industrialist and a business magnate, the founder of the Ford Motor Company, and the sponsor of the development of the assembly line technique of mass production.
Ludwig Karl Schmarda (23 August 1819 – 7 April 1908) was an Austrian naturalist and traveler, born at Olmütz, Moravia. 
Wythenshawe Amateurs Football Club are a semi-professional football club from Wythenshawe, in Greater Manchester, England. The club plays in the . They play their home games at Hollyhedge Park, Wythenshawe, Greater Manchester.
Coreen is a locality in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. The locality is about south west of the state capital, Sydney and north of Melbourne.
Johann Heinrich Meibom (; 29 June 1638, in Lübeck – 26 March 1700, in Helmstedt) was a German physician and scholar.
Guilin Liangjiang International Airport is the airport serving the city of Guilin in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China. It is located in Liangjiang, about southwest of the city center.
The Northwest Film Center  is a regional media arts resource and service organization based in Portland, Oregon, United States that was founded to encourage the study, appreciation, and utilization of film. The center provides a variety of film and video exhibition, education and information programs primarily directed to the residents of Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Montana and Alaska.
Olympique Lillois was a French association football club from the city of Lille. Founded in 1902 they merged with SC Fives in 1944 to form Lille OSC.
Adela of Flanders  (c. 1064 – April 1115), was Queen consort of Denmark by marriage to King Canute IV and duchess of Apulia by marriage to Duke Roger Borsa, and then regent of Apulia from 1111 to 1115 as mother and guardian of Duke William II.
Rabbi Yochanan ben Nuri  was a "tanna" of the 1st and 2nd centuries.
Anton "Jimmy" Steiner (born September 20, 1958) is an Austrian former alpine skier. He was born in Lienz, Osttirol.
The Broadback River  is a river in northern Quebec, Canada. It drains into Rupert Bay , just south of the Rupert River and Cree community Waskaganish. The major lake on the river's course is Lake Evans.
Brawlin is a small community in the north east part of the Riverina and situated about 12 kilometres south of Cootamundra and 29 kilometres north of Coolac.
Eurongilly is a locality in the central part of the Riverina and situated about 19 kilometres north west of Nangus and 21 kilometres south east of Junee.
WESB (1490 AM) is a radio station licensed to Bradford, Pennsylvania, United States. The station is locally owned under the name "WESB Incorporated." Its sister station is WBRR.
Carbonera Creek is a watercourse in Santa Cruz County, California, that eventually flows to the San Lorenzo River.
Gosthani River is an east flowing river in Andhra Pradesh, India that flows from the Ananthagiri Hills of the Eastern Ghats into the Bay of Bengal.
Skenderaj , is a town and municipality located in the Mitrovica District of Kosovo. According to the 2011 census, the town of Skenderaj has 9,372 inhabitants, while the municipality has 50,858 inhabitants.
Freddy Loix (born 10 November 1970) is a Belgian rally driver.
Aaron Jamal Brooks (born January 14, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Illawarra Hawks of the National Basketball League . He was selected 26th overall in the 2007 NBA draft. He won the NBA Most Improved Player Award for the 2009–10 season.
Kyeamba is a farming community in the central east part of the Riverina and situated about north west of Humula and south west of Tarcutta. At the 2006 census, Kyeamba had a population of 212. 
Trondheim Sporvei was a municipally owned tram operator in Trondheim, Norway that existed between 1936 and 1974. The company operated the municipal parts of the Trondheim Tramway until it was merged with A/S Graakalbanen and Trondheim Bilruter to create Trondheim Trafikkselskap. 
The , abbreviated as , is a private university of Technology in Japan, with campuses located in Tokyo and Saitama. Established in 1927 as the Tokyo Higher School of Industry and Commerce, it was chartered as a university in 1949.
KMFX-FM "102.5 The Fox" is a radio station in Rochester, Minnesota airing a country music format. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc., and is simulcasted on KMFX 1190 AM in Wabasha.
The Kiel Institute for the World Economy  is an independent, non-profit economic research institute and think tank based in Kiel, Germany. In 2017, it was ranked as one of the top 50 most influential think tanks in the world and was also ranked in the top 15 in the world for economic policy specifically. Germany's business newspaper, "Handelsblatt", referred to the Institute as "Germany's most influential economic think tank", while the country's main newspaper, "Die Welt", stated that "The best economists in the world are in Kiel" .
The Piranhas River , also known as the Açu River, is a river of northeastern Brazil. It originates in southeastern Paraíba state, near the border with Ceará, and flows north-northeast through Paraíba and Rio Grande do Norte states to empty into the Atlantic Ocean near Macau. Its chief tributary is the Seridó, which originates in the Borborema Plateau of central Paraíba and flows northwest to meet the Piranhas. 
KRSH is a commercial radio station in Healdsburg, California, broadcasting to the Santa Rosa, California, area on 95.9 FM.
Gottlob Curt Heinrich Graf von Tottleben, Herr auf Tottleben, Zeippau und Hausdorf im Saganschen  (21 December 1715 – 20 March 1773) was a Saxon-born Russian Empire general known for his adventurism and contradictory military career during the Seven Years' War and, then, the Russo-Turkish War (1768–74) as a commander of the first Russian expeditionary force in Georgia.
Krispy Kreme UK is the United Kingdom subsidiary of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, an American company. The UK headquarters are in Camberley, Surrey.
Frederick William (17 October 1819 – 30 May 1904) was a German sovereign who ruled over the state of Mecklenburg-Strelitz as Grand Duke from 1860 until his death.
KRRX is a commercial radio station licensed in Burney, California, broadcasting to the Redding, California and Red Bluff, California areas on 106.1 FM. KRRX airs an active rock music format branded as "106 X".
Georg Alexander, Duke of Mecklenburg (; 27 August 1921 – 26 January 1996) was the head of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz from 1963 until his death.
Mohammed Hanif (born November 1964) is a British Pakistani writer and journalist who writes a monthly opinion piece in "The New York Times."
Davina Marcia Herbert Ingrams, 18th Baroness Darcy de Knayth (10 July 1938 – 24 February 2008) was a crossbench member of the House of Lords, continuing to sit after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999 as an elected peer.
Provident Financial plc is a British sub-prime lender, also described as a "doorstep lender", based in Bradford, West Yorkshire. It specialises in credit cards, home collected credit , online loans and consumer car finance. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Coffee Beanery is a Flushing, Michigan-based chain of coffee shops operating in the United States, Europe, Asia, and U.S. Territories. It was founded in Dearborn, Michigan in 1976 and has over 100 locations in the United States.
Munderoo is a rural community in the south east part of the Riverina. It is situated about 11 kilometres west from Mannus, and 16 kilometres north from Ournie. 
Gerhard Kubik (born December 10, 1934) is an Austrian music ethnologist from Vienna. Kubik studied ethnology, musicology and African languages at the University of Vienna. 
Gignac is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France. Chateau d'Autet lies to the northeast of the village.
Klubi Sportiv Sopoti Librazhd is an Albanian sports club based in Librazhd. Its football team is currently competing in Albania's Second Division, the 3rd tier of Albanian football.
Pavel Viktorovich Pogrebnyak ( ; born 8 November 1983) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for FC Ural Yekaterinburg. 
Viasat Sport  is the common brand of several sports channels targeting the Nordic countries, owned by Nordic Entertainment Group.
Chepniers is a commune in the Charente-Maritime in the department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Bussac is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
Delegate is a small town in New South Wales, Australia in Snowy Monaro Regional Council, south of the state capital, Sydney.
Gottfried Ungerboeck (born 15 March 1940, Vienna) is an Austrian communications engineer.
Robert Steven Genter (born January 4, 1951) is an American former competition swimmer and three-time Olympic medalist. He was freestyle specialist who earned a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. team in the 4×200-meter freestyle relay at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, Germany. 
Club Atlético Argentino  is an Argentine football club from Merlo, Buenos Aires. The squad currently plays in Primera D Metropolitana, the regionalised five division of the Argentine football league system.
Norwalk Community College , formerly known as Norwalk State Technical College and Norwalk Community-Technical College, is a public community college in Norwalk, Connecticut. It is the second-largest of the twelve colleges in the Connecticut State Colleges and Universities system  system. 
Donakonda Airport is located at Donakonda in Andhra Pradesh, India. The airfield was constructed during World War II by the British regime to refuel its aircraft. It is owned by the Airports Authority of India and is closed.
66th Street is a crosstown street in the New York City borough of Manhattan with portions on the Upper East Side and Upper West Side connected across Central Park via the 66th Street transverse. West 66th Street is notable for hosting the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts between Broadway and Columbus Avenue.
The Sticht Range is a mountain range located in the West Coast region of Tasmania, Australia. The range runs between two tributaries of the Eldon River and is located within the eastern part of the West Coast Range and has an unnamed peak with an elevation of above sea level.
Warangal Airport also Mamnoor Airport is located at Mamnoor, Warangal in the state of Telangana, India. The largest airport at the time, remained in service until 1981. 
The Oleta River, situated north of Miami, drains the northern Everglades into Biscayne Bay, allowing freshwater to reach the Atlantic Ocean. Today, it is the only natural river in Miami-Dade County that has not been dredged and channelized. 
Rimbunan Hijau is a Malaysian multinational logging corporation controlled by Malaysian businessman Tiong Hiew King. The company has operations in many countries, including Malaysia, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Vanuatu, New Zealand and Russia.
Bani Walid  is a town in Libya.
WIN Entertainment Centre  is a multi-purpose indoor arena, located in downtown Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.
The Little River is a 7.4 mile long (11.8 km) river in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Ammonoosuc River and part of the Connecticut River watershed.
Zero Airport or Ziro Airport is located at Ziro in the state of Arunachal Pradesh, India. In the past, Vayudoot and Air India operated daily flights to the airport.
Kamieskroon is a small town in the Kamiesberg Local Municipality, lying in the foothills of the Kamiesberge at an elevation of approximately 800 m (2 600 ft). The town is more or less in the centre of Namaqualand, about 70 km (43 mi) to the south of Springbok, Northern Cape, South Africa. 
Empress Xiaoshencheng (5 July 1792 – 16 June 1833), of the Manchu Bordered Yellow Banner Tunggiya clan, was a consort of the Daoguang Emperor. She was ten years his junior.
KKIQ, 101.7 FM, is a commercial adult contemporary radio station located in Pleasanton, California, broadcasting to the East Bay area with a main focus on Southern Alameda County. Their slogan is "Your Hometown Station!"
The Provo River is located in Utah County and Wasatch County, Utah, in the United States. It rises in the Uinta Mountains at Wall Lake and flows about southwest to Utah Lake at the city of Provo, Utah.
The Eldon Range is a mountain range located in the west coast region of Tasmania, Australia. 
Dragoman  is the seat of Dragoman Municipality in the Sofia Province, western Bulgaria. The town is located very close to the border with Serbia. the population is 5,362.
Juan Ignacio Cirac Sasturain (born 11 October 1965) is a Spanish physicist. He is one of the pioneers of the field of quantum computing and quantum information theory. He is the recipient of the 2006 Prince of Asturias Award in technical and scientific research.
, also known as eat, is a Japanese broadcast network affiliated with the ANN. Their headquarters are located in Matsuyama, Ehime Prefecture.
Engelsmanplaat , or De Kalkman which is its local name, is a small sandbank between the Dutch islands Ameland and Schiermonnikoog.
Treasure Coast International Airport is a public airport located three miles (5 km) northwest of the central business district of Fort Pierce, a city in St. Lucie County, Florida, United States. It is owned by the St. Lucie Board of County Commissioners.
Biras is a commune in the Dordogne department in southwestern France.
Tzu Chi University  is a private university in Hualien City, Hualien County, Taiwan. It was founded by the Tzu Chi Foundation  and is famous in Taiwan for the quality of the medical education it provides. 
Galabovo  is a town in south-central Bulgaria, part of Stara Zagora Province. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Galabovo Municipality. 
The Cockermouth River is a stream located in central New Hampshire in the United States. It is the longest tributary of Newfound Lake, part of the Pemigewasset River and ultimately Merrimack River watersheds. 
KNOR (93.7 FM), branded as "La Raza 93.7", is a radio station in the Dallas/Fort Worth area in Texas, transmitting on 93.7 FM and rebroadcast on KMPX channel 29.12. This station is owned and operated by Liberman Broadcasting. 
Nikki Walker (born 5 March 1982) is a Scottish rugby union player coach for Hawick RFC, who is retired from international competition having won 24 caps for Scotland. He has played on the wing for teams in Scotland, Wales and England, winning the Pro12 twice with the Ospreys.
Muzaffarpur Airport is located at Muzaffarpur, in the state of Bihar, India. It was to be built for the arrival of Indira Gandhi, the then Prime Minister of India. From 1967 to 1982 Muzaffarpur airport was functioning and flight for Patna operated on regularly basis.
Ahmed İzzet Pasha (1864 – 31 March 1937), known as Ahmet İzzet Furgaç after the Turkish Surname Law of 1934, was an Ottoman general during World War I. He was also one of the last Grand Viziers of the Ottoman Empire (14 October 1918 - 8 November 1918) and its last Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Little River is a tributary stream of Goose Creek in Fauquier and Loudoun counties in northern Virginia. Via Goose Creek, it is a tributary of the Potomac River.
Putty is a village in New South Wales, Australia in Singleton Shire. It is north west of Sydney on the Putty Road between Windsor and Singleton.
Madison 56ers is an American soccer team based in Madison, Wisconsin, United States. Founded in 2005, the team plays in the United Premier Soccer League. 
Adolph I of Cleves  (2 August 1373 – 23 September 1448) was the second Count of Cleves and the fourth Count of Mark.
Michael Christopher Landes (born September 18, 1972) is an American actor. He is known for his roles of Jimmy Olsen in the first season of "", Detective Nicholas O'Malley in "Special Unit 2", and Officer Thomas Burke in "Final Destination 2".
Rylstone is a small town in New South Wales, Australia, in the Central Tablelands region within the Mid-Western Regional Council local government area. It is located on the Bylong Valley Way road route. At the , Rylstone had a population of almost 650 people.
Bushnell Corporation is an American firm specializing in sporting optics and outdoor products. It is based in Overland Park, Kansas and is a subsidiary of Vista Outdoor. 
Karl W. Steinbuch (June 15, 1917 in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt – June 4, 2005 in Ettlingen) was a German computer scientist, cyberneticist, and electrical engineer. He was an early and influential researcher of German computer science, and was the developer of the Lernmatrix, an early implementation of artificial neural networks. 
Barbara of Austria (30 April 1539 – 19 September 1572) was Duchess consort of Ferrara, Modena, and Reggio by marriage to Alfonso II d'Este, Duke of Ferrara. 
Spar Island is a small sandbar in Mount Hope Bay in eastern Rhode Island. The island is more or less a sand bar, and is made up entirely of an intertidal zone. 
The Sudbury River is a tributary of the Concord River in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, in the United States.
Springbank Island, within Lake Burley Griffin, is located in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia. The island was named after the rural property that was partly submerged as a result of the creation of the lake and now composes part of the island. 
The Wonalancet River is a 7.6-mile long (12.3 km) river located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the southern Swift River, part of the Bearcamp River / Ossipee Lake / Saco River watershed leading to the Atlantic Ocean.
Jean-Carl Pierre Marie d’Orléans (born 19 May 1965), who uses the title Jean, Count of Paris , is the current head of the House of Orléans. The senior male descendant by primogeniture in the male-line of Louis-Philippe I, King of the French, he is, according to the Orléanists, the legitimate claimant to the throne of France as Jean IV. 
The Ptolemaic Kingdom  was a Hellenistic kingdom based in ancient Egypt. It was ruled by the Ptolemaic dynasty, which started with Ptolemy I Soter's accession after the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC and which ended with the death of Cleopatra and the Roman conquest in 30 BC.
KSDL (92.3 FM, "Awesome 92.3") is a radio station licensed to serve Sedalia, Missouri, United States. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and the license is held by Townsquare Media Sedalia License, LLC. 
Stephanus of Alexandria  was a 7th-century Byzantine philosopher, astronomer and teacher. He was a public lecturer in the court of Heraclius (610-641 AD). 
The River Swilly  is a river in Ireland, which flows in an eastern direction through Letterkenny, County Donegal. Letterkenny, the largest town in County Donegal, is built on the river and became the first crossing point on the river in the 17th century.
The Yale Collection of Musical Instruments, a division of the Yale School of Music, is a museum in New Haven, Connecticut. It was established in 1900 by a gift of historic keyboard instruments from Morris Steinert, and later enriched in 1960 and 1962 by the acquisition of the Belle Skinner and Emil Herrmann collections. 
The Liberal Democratic Party  is a political party in Bangladesh. The party was formed after abolishing Bikolpo Dhara on 26 October 2006 by former President of Bangladesh Dr. A. Q. M. Badruddoza Chowdhury, Dr. Oli Ahmad Bir Bikram, and 24 other former members of parliament and ministers from the Bangladesh Nationalist Party .
Sinking Creek is a tributary of Penns Creek in Centre County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Harris Township, Potter Township, and Gregg Township. 
Thomas Willis (27 January 1621 – 11 November 1675) was an English doctor who played an important part in the history of anatomy, neurology and psychiatry. He was a founding member of the Royal Society.
Lucas de Groot , known professionally as Luc de Groot, is a Dutch type designer. He is the head of the type foundry Fontfabrik, also trading as LucasFonts.
The Slava Metreveli Central Stadium  is a multi-purpose stadium in Sochi, Russia, named after the Georgian footballer. It is used mostly for football matches.
The Fwa is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in central Africa, flowing through Kasai-Oriental province. The river is a tributary of the Lubi River, which is a tributary to the Sankuru River, in the southeastern Congo River drainage basin.
The Winnicut River is a long river in the Seacoast region of New Hampshire in the United States. It is the major southeastern tributary of Great Bay, an estuary connected by way of the tidal Piscataqua River to the Atlantic Ocean.
Assunta Legnante (born 14 May 1978 in Naples) is a visually impaired Italian shot putter. She has competed in both the Olympics and the Paralympics, one of the few athletes to do so. , 
The Institute for Health and Consumer Protection or IHCP, located in Ispra, Italy, is one of the seven institutes of the Joint Research Centre , a Directorate-General of the European Commission .
Nephew is a Danish rock band formed in 1996 in Aarhus. They had their breakthrough in 2004 with the release of their second album "USADSB". 
The Los Gatos Creek runs in California through Santa Clara Valley Water District's Guadalupe Watershed from the Santa Cruz Mountains northward through the Santa Clara Valley until its confluence with the Guadalupe River in downtown San Jose. The Guadalupe River then continues onward into San Francisco Bay.
Khancoban  is a small town in Snowy Valleys Council, New South Wales, Australia. The town is located from the state capital, Sydney and from the state border with Victoria, in the foothills of the Snowy Mountains, near the upper reaches of the Murray River. At the , Khancoban had a population of 304.
Adrian Peter Metcalfe (born 2 March 1942) is a former British athlete, who mainly competed in the 400 metres. He was born in Bradford. 
Alvin Ward Gouldner (July 29, 1920 – December 15, 1980) taught sociology at Antioch College (1952–1954) and was professor of sociology at Washington University in St. Louis (1957–1967), at the University at Buffalo (1947-1952), president of the Society for the Study of Social Problems (1962), professor of sociology at the University of Amsterdam (1972–1976) and Max Weber Professor of Sociology at Washington University (from 1967). He was born in New York City.
The University of the Thai Chamber of Commerce   is a private non-profit higher education institution in Bangkok, Thailand. The university's origin dates back to 1940, with the foundation of the College of Commerce in Bangkok. 
Goomeri  is a town and locality in the Gympie Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Goomeri had a population of 664 people.
Gonzalo Vargas Abella (born 22 September 1981 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan football striker. He plays for C.A. Bella Vista.
Publius Decius Mus (died 295 BC), of the plebeian gens Decia, was a Roman consul in the years 312 BC, 308 BC, 297 BC and 295 BC. He was a member of a family that was renowned for sacrificing themselves on the battlefield for Rome.
Delos Thurber ("Delos Packard Thurber;" November 23, 1916 in Los Angeles, California – May 12, 1987 in San Diego, California) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the high jump. He graduated from the University of Southern California.
CHKF-FM is a radio station that broadcasts multicultural content, including a major Chinese programming block entitled Fairchild Radio at 94.7 FM in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. It is owned by Fairchild Media Group.
The River Beane is a short river in the county of Hertfordshire, England. A tributary of the River Lea, it rises to the south-west of Sandon in the hills northeast of Stevenage and joins the Lea at Hartham Common in Hertford.
Phnom Penh Crown Football Club  is a football club from Phnom Penh, Cambodia. Formerly the team were called Samart United, Hello United, Phnom Penh United and Phnom Penh Empire before establishing their current name, Phnom Penh Crown FC in 2009. 
Helen and Leonard Moretz Stadium is an 8,500-seat stadium located in Hickory, North Carolina. It serves as home to the Lenoir-Rhyne University Bears of the South Atlantic Conference. 
Adam Rhys Jones (born 8 March 1981) is a Welsh former professional rugby union player.
Gillian Murphy is a principal dancer with the American Ballet Theatre.
The University of Gujrat   is a public university located in Gujrat, Punjab, Pakistan. It was established under the Act IX of 2004 by Provincial Assembly of the Punjab on 23 February 2004 to cater for the higher education needs of the population of Central Punjab which includes districts of Gujrat, Sialkot and Gujranwala in addition to cities of Wazirabad and Jhelum. 
Felts Field is a public airport five miles northeast of downtown Spokane, in Spokane County, Washington. It is owned by Spokane City-County.
Quindanning is a small town located halfway between Boddington and Williams along the Pinjarra-Williams Road. At the , Quindanning had a population of 163.
James Basevi (born 21 September 1890, Plymouth, Devon, England – d. 27 March 1962, Bellflower, California) was a British-born art director and special effects expert.
Tāloqān  is the capital of Takhar Province, in northeastern Afghanistan. It is located in the Taluqan District. 
Heart of Lions Football Club is a Ghanaian professional football club based in Kpandu, Volta. The club competed in the Glo Premier League, being relegated in 2015.
Samuel Walker McCall (February 28, 1851 – November 4, 1923) was a Republican lawyer, politician, and writer from Massachusetts. He was for twenty years (1893–1913) a member of the United States House of Representatives, and the 47th Governor of Massachusetts, serving three one-year terms (1916–19). 
Woomelang is a town in the Mallee region of Victoria, Australia. The town is in the Shire of Yarriambiack local government area and on the Sunraysia Highway, north-west of the state capital, Melbourne, south-east of Mildura and north of Horsham. At the , Woomelang and the surrounding area had a population of 191.
Baselios Thomas I Maphrian (Mal: ആബൂന് മോർ ബസേലിയോസ് തോമസ്‌ പ്രഥമന് കാതോലിക്ക ബാവ, b: July 22, 1929) is an Indian bishop and the current Catholicos of India and primate of the Jacobite Syrian Christian Church, an autonomous Catholicate under the supreme ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Syriac Orthodox Church. He was enthroned on 26 July 2002 by Syriac Orthodox Patriarch Ignatius Zakka I Iwas, Patriarch of Antioch and All the East in a ceremony held in Damascus, Syria. The office of the Maphrian has been vacant between 1996 (date of death of Baselios Paulose II Catholicos and 2002.
Ain Arnat Airport , also known as Sétif International Airport, is an airport serving Sétif, Algeria. The airport was opened in 1945.
The is a subterranean Japanese art museum located on the island of Nakanoshima, located between the Dōjima River and the Tosabori River, about 5 minutes west of Higobashi Station in central Osaka.
KBZN (Now 97.9 FM) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Ogden, Utah and serving the Salt Lake City metropolitan area. The station airs a hot adult contemporary radio format and is owned by Capital Broadcasting.
Rudolf Kreitlein (14 November 1919, in Fürth – 31 July 2012, in Stuttgart) was a German international football referee, active in the 1960s.
Yuri Arbachakov (born October 22, 1966 in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia) was a boxing champion in the flyweight division. He was the first Russian professional boxing champion.
Perry Park is a 5000-capacity sporting ground located in the Brisbane suburb of Bowen Hills. Perry Park is home to the Brisbane Strikers Football Club, which plays in the National Premier Leagues Queensland.
Flavia Domitilla Major  Flavia Domitilla the Elder or Domitilla the Elder (died before 69, perhaps c. 65) was the wife of the Roman Emperor Vespasian.
Saint Petronilla  is an early Christian saint. She was venerated as a virgin martyr by the Catholic Church. She died in Rome at the end of 1st century, or possibly in the 3rd century.
Khed is a town with a municipal council in the Ratnagiri district of the state of Maharashtra, India. Situated on the Mumbai - Goa Highway, NH 66, it is surrounded by a number of villages. 
Eppstein is a town in the Main-Taunus-Kreis, in Hesse, Germany.
The Veronicas are an Australian pop duo from Brisbane. The group was formed in 2004 by identical twin sisters Lisa and Jessica Origliasso. 
Holleder Memorial Stadium was a 20,000 seat football stadium in Rochester, New York.
Bruford Levin Upper Extremities  was a musical group composed of drummer Bill Bruford, bassist Tony Levin, guitarist David Torn, and trumpeter Chris Botti.
Benigno Asunción Ferreira (January 13, 1846 – June 14, 1920) was President of Paraguay November 25, 1906 – July 4, 1908. He was a member of the Liberal Party.
Princess Cecilie of Greece and Denmark  (22 June 1911 – 16 November 1937) was the wife of Hereditary Grand Duke Georg Donatus of Hesse and third-eldest sister to Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Betul is a district and municipality in southern Madhya Pradesh, India. It is the administrative center of its eponymous district and forms the southernmost part of the Bhopal Division in the Betul . 
Medknow Publications also known as Wolters Kluwer Medknow or simply Medknow, is a publisher of academic journals on behalf of learned societies and associations. Previously an independent Indian publisher, Medknow is now part of within Wolters Kluwer's Health Division, and is part of Wolters Kluwer India.
The Baddeck River is a minor river on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada. It empties into the Bras d'Or Lake several kilometres west of the village of Baddeck.
AirQuarius Aviation was an airline based in Johannesburg, South Africa, operating chartered flights and aircraft leasing contracted by companies throughout Africa and the Middle East. The airline's base was at Lanseria Airport, Johannesburg.
Temple College is a community college based in Temple, Texas, with regional branch campuses at other locations in Central Texas. 
KTNV-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 13, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. The station is owned by the E. W. Scripps Company. 
Waiau River is the largest river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It is the outflow of Lake Te Anau, flowing from it into Lake Manapouri to the south, and from there flows south for before reaching the Foveaux Strait south of Tuatapere. It also takes water from Lake Monowai.
Innovation and Unity Party  is a centre-left political party in Honduras, established in 1970. PINU was created by Miguel Andonie Fernández as a democratic, moderate left-wing alternative to the two major parties and the military régime.
Rory Lamont (born 10 October 1982 in Perth) is a former rugby union player who played fullback and on the wing for Glasgow Warriors and Scotland. He prides himself on his versatility. Rory is the younger brother of Sean Lamont.
Castle Aviation is a cargo airline based in Akron, Ohio, United States. It operates charter cargo services specializing in priority freight. Its main base is Akron-Canton Regional Airport.
Hrvatska Kostajnica , often just Kostajnica, is a small town in central Croatia. It is located on the Una river in the Sisak-Moslavina County, south of Petrinja and Sisak and across the river from Bosanska Kostajnica in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Joan of England (5 July 1321 – 7 September 1362), known as Joan of the Tower because she was born in the Tower of London, was the first wife and Queen consort of David II of Scotland.
Prince Karl Anton August of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck (10 August 1727, in Marburg – 12 September 1759, in Stettin) was the son of Peter August, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck and Princess Sophie of Hesse-Philippsthal.
The Jammu and Kashmir Peoples Democratic Party  is a state political party in Jammu and Kashmir, India. The PDP was headed and founded by Mufti Mohammed Sayeed. 
Sir Albert Abdullah David Sassoon, 1st Baronet , (25 July 181824 October 1896) was a British Indian businessman and philanthropist.
The Bajuni Islands  are an archipelago that is part of Jubaland in the Somali sea. They are situated on the southern coast of Somalia, from Kismayo to Ras Kiyamboni . 
Abraham Jude Williams (February 26, 1781 – December 30, 1839) was an American politician from Boone County, Missouri. He was the third Governor of Missouri, serving an unelected interim term in 1825 and 1826 following the death of Frederick Bates.
Terry Dodson is an American comic book artist and penciller. He is best known for his work on titles such as "Harley Quinn", "Trouble", "Marvel Knights Spider-Man", Wonder Woman and "Uncanny X-Men". His pencils are usually inked by his wife Rachel Dodson, who is a comic book inker and colorist.
WTVF, virtual channel 5 (UHF digital channel 25), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to Nashville, Tennessee, United States. The station is owned by the E. W. Scripps Company. 
Te Vaka is an Oceanic music group that performs original contemporary Pacific music or "South Pacific Fusion". The group was founded in 1995 by singer and songwriter Opetaia Foa'i in New Zealand. They have toured the world consistently since 1997 and have won a number of awards including "Best Pacific Music Album" award for their albums "Tutuki" (2004) and "Olatia" (2007) from the New Zealand Music Awards and "Best Pacific Group" in the 2008 Pacific Music Awards According to the BBC, they are "the world's most successful band playing original contemporary Pacific music."
Alaksandu or Alaksandus was a king of Wilusa who sealed a treaty with Hittite king Muwatalli II ca. 1280 BC. 
Montertelot  is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.
The West Coast Pop Art Experimental Band  was an American psychedelic rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1965. The group created music that possessed an eerie, and at times sinister atmosphere, and contained material that was bluntly political, childlike, and bizarre. 
WATE-TV, virtual channel 6 (UHF digital channel 26), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group. WATE-TV's studios are located in the Greystone mansion on North Broadway/SR 33/SR 71/US 441, and its transmitter is located on Sharp's Ridge in North Knoxville.
Coastal Alabama Community College Brewton is a community college in Brewton, Alabama. Founded in 1964, the college was originally named Jefferson Davis Community College in honor of Jefferson Davis, president of the Confederate States of America.
Niuatoputapu is a high island in the island nation of Tonga, Pacific Ocean, its highest point being at 157 m. Its name means "sacred island". Older European names for the island are Traitors island or Keppel island.
Charles-Ange Laisant (1 November 1841 – 5 May 1920), French politician and mathematician, was born at Indre, near Nantes on 1 November 1841, and was educated at the École Polytechnique as a military engineer.
Ontera is a telecommunications company in Ontario, Canada and a subsidiary of Bell Aliant. It provides local telephone service in the Northern Ontario towns of Bear Island, Iroquois Falls, Marten River, Moosonee, Moose Factory and Temagami, and also offers long-distance services in most of area code 705. 
Richard A. Knaak (born 28 May 1961 in Chicago) is the author of "Dragonlance" novels, "Dragonrealm", six novels for Blizzard Entertainment's "Diablo" series, and ten works in the Warcraft universe. He has also written five non-series fantasy books.
The Balochistan National Party or Balochistan National Party   is a political party in Balochistan, Pakistan. BNP believes in more provincial rights and greater autonomy for Baluchistan province through peaceful and democratic struggle.
Educational Pictures  was an American film distribution company founded in 1916 by Earle  Hammons (1882–1962). Educational primarily distributed short subjects, and today is probably best known for its series of 1930s comedies starring Buster Keaton, as well as for a series of one-reel comedies featuring the earliest screen appearances of Shirley Temple. 
Charlotte Sally Potter (born 19 September 1949) is an English film director and screenwriter. She is best known for directing "Orlando" (1992), which won the audience prize for Best Film at the Venice Film Festival.
The Bambouk Mountains are a mountain range in western Mali, near its border with Senegal. They were once a major centre for gold mining, selling the metal to Arab traders as early as the 12th century. 
WYPA (89.5 FM) is a non–commercial Christian Worship formatted FM radio station licensed to serve Cherry Hill, New Jersey. The station is owned by Educational Media Foundation and is a member of the nationally syndicated Air1 radio network. 
Weno  is an island municipality of Chuuk State of the Federated States of Micronesia . It is the largest town in the FSM.
Moroka Swallows commonly known as The Birds are a South African soccer club that compete in the ABC Motsepe League, they are based in Johannesburg. Until relegation in the 2014–15 season, the club played in the Premier Soccer League. Now on ABC Motsepe League.
Colette Janine Marchand (29 April 1925 – 5 June 2015) was a French prima ballerina and actress. She was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress in 1952 for her performance as Marie Charlet in "Moulin Rouge", directed by John Huston.
Heyday Films Ltd. is a British film studio founded on 10 October 1996 by producer David Heyman in London, England, and currently headquartered in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire.
Farrah Destiny Franklin (born May 3, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter and actress. She is a former member of Destiny's Child who, and along with Michelle Williams, replaced LaTavia Roberson and LeToya Luckett.
CBAF-FM (88.5 MHz) is a French-language public Canadian radio station located in Moncton, New Brunswick. The station has a commercial-free news/talk radio format and is the flagship station of the Ici Radio-Canada Première network for Atlantic Canada. CBAF is owned and operated by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.
Nanjing Automobile is a state-owned enterprise with a history that dates from 1947, making it the oldest of the Chinese automobile manufacturers although the comparatively younger FAW Automotive was the first to make cars.
Sweetwater Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Georgia, west of Atlanta. It begins in southwestern Paulding County, flowing generally eastward into southwestern Cobb County, then turning south into eastern Douglas County. It is a tributary of the Chattahoochee River, and near its end it is the centerpiece of Sweetwater Creek State Park.
Robin Berry Janvrin, Baron Janvrin, (born 20 September 1946) is a British courtier who was Private Secretary to Elizabeth II from February 1999 to September 2007. 
Sorano is a town and "comune" in the province of Grosseto, southern Tuscany .
Daniel Omoya Braaten (born 25 May 1982) is a Norwegian footballer, who plays as a winger for Norwegian club Stabæk. He has previously played for Skeid, Rosenborg, Bolton Wanderers, Toulouse and Brann, with 157 caps and 13 goals in the latter club. He has been capped 52 times for the Norway national football team.
Karim Bagheri (; born 20 February 1974) is a retired Iranian professional football player and coach. He played over half of his professional career for Persepolis in the Persian Gulf Pro League. 
Douglas "Doug" Mahnke  is an American comic book artist and penciller.
Henry Robertson Bowers (29 July 1883 – 29 March 1912) was one of Robert Falcon Scott's polar party on the ill-fated Terra Nova expedition of 1910–1913, all of whom died during their return from the South Pole.
Stonehill College is a private, non-profit, coeducational, Roman Catholic, liberal arts college located in Easton, Massachusetts, United States, founded in 1948. Stonehill is located south of Boston on a campus, the original estate of Frederick Lothrop Ames, Jr.. The campus map highlights 29 buildings that complement the original Georgian-style Ames mansion.
Lyudmila Vladimirovna Rudenko (, ; 27 July 1904 – 4 March 1986) was a Soviet chess player and the second women's world chess champion, from 1950 until 1953.
21st Century Media was an American media company. It is the successor of Ingersoll Publications and Journal Register Company.
WNDY-TV, virtual channel 23 (VHF digital channel 9), is a MyNetworkTV-affiliated television station serving Indianapolis, Indiana, United States that is licensed to Marion. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group, as part of a duopoly with Indianapolis-licensed CW affiliate WISH-TV (channel 8). 
Sinner are a German heavy metal band formed by vocalist and bassist Mat Sinner in 1982 . They were part of the German heavy/speed/power metal scene. 
Thyra, also known as Thorvi or Thyre, was a Danish queen, spouse of King Gorm the Old of Denmark, the first historically recognized King of Denmark, who reigned from to his death . 
Joplin Regional Airport is a city-owned airport north of Joplin, in Jasper County, Missouri, United States. It has airline service subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.
KOAT-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 7, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States and also serving Santa Fe. Owned by the Hearst Television subsidiary of Hearst Communications, the station has studios on Carlisle Boulevard in Northeast Albuquerque, and its transmitter is located on Sandia Crest, northeast of Albuquerque.
Corrigin is a town in the central Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, east-southeast of the state capital, Perth, Western Australia, along "State Route 40". It is mostly a farming community focused on crops and sheep, and holds the world record of 'the most dogs in a ute'.
Robert Moffat (21 December 1795 – 9 August 1883) was a Scottish Congregationalist missionary to Africa, father-in-law of David Livingstone, and first translator of the Bible into Setswana.
Hannah Stockbauer (born 7 January 1982) is a World Champion, Olympic and national-record holding swimmer from Germany. In 2003, she was named the female World Swimmer of the Year by "Swimming World Magazine", following her winning the 400, 800 and 1500 freestyles at the 2003 World Championships.
WJBR-FM (99.5 FM, "Mix 99.5 WJBR") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve Wilmington, Delaware. The station is owned by Beasley Broadcast Group and broadcasts an adult contemporary music format. 
Posadas is a municipality in Córdoba Province, Spain.
CKUE-FM is a radio station located in Chatham-Kent, Ontario. Owned by Blackburn Radio, the station broadcasts a rock-based classic hits format under the name "95.1/100.7 Cool-FM". 
Granville  is a commune in the Manche department and region of Normandy in north-western France. Chef-lieu of the canton of Granville and seat of the , it is a seaside resort and health resort of Mont Saint-Michel Bay at the end of the , a former cod fishing port and the first shellfish port of France. 
Bad Buchau   is a small town in the district of Biberach, Baden-Württemberg, Germany with about 4,000 inhabitants. It is situated near Lake Federsee, which is separated from the town by a wide reed belt.
Coolgardie is a small town in Western Australia, east of the state capital, Perth. It has a population of approximately 850 people.
Stephanie Diana Wilson (born September 27, 1966) is an American engineer and a NASA astronaut. She flew to space onboard three Space Shuttle missions, and is the second African American woman to go into space, after Mae Jemison. 
New Southgate is a residential suburb straddling three Outer London Boroughs: a small part of the east of Barnet, a south-west corner of Enfield and in loosest definitions, based on nearest railway stations, a small northern corner of Haringey in North London, England where estates merge into Bounds Green. 
WLZL (107.9 FM, "El Zol 107.9 FM") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to serve College Park, Maryland. The station is owned by Entercom through licensee Entercom License, LLC and broadcasts a Spanish tropical format. 
Bruno Coulais (born 13 January 1954) is a French composer, most widely known for his music on film soundtracks. 
Leven Alice Rambin (born May 17, 1990) is an American actress. She is known for playing look-alike half-sisters Lily Montgomery and Ava Benton on "All My Children" and her recurring roles in "Grey's Anatomy" and "Gone", as well "", "One Tree Hill", "Wizards of Waverly Place", and "". 
John Mark Galecki (born April 30, 1975) is an American actor. He played Leonard Hofstadter in the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" (2007–2019) and David Healy in the ABC sitcom "Roseanne" (1992–1997; 2018). Galecki also appeared in the films "National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation" (1989), "Prancer" (1989), "Suicide Kings" (1997), "I Know What You Did Last Summer" (1997), "Bookies" (2003), "In Time" (2011), and "Rings" (2017). 
Burton Swifts Football Club was a football club based in Burton upon Trent, England. Established in 1871, the club joined the Football League in 1892, remaining members until merging with Burton Wanderers to form Burton United in 1901.
Fritz Schumacher (4 November 1869 – 5 November 1947) was a German architect and urban designer.
The National Joint Action Committee is a black nationalist political party in Trinidad and Tobago.
White River is a river, approximately long, in the U.S. states of Colorado and Utah and is a tributary of the Green River .
Le Blanc-Mesnil  is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris, between Charles de Gaulle Airport and le Bourget Airport.
La Caine is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in north-western France.
Mersea Island is an island in Essex, England, in the Blackwater and Colne estuaries to the south-east of Colchester. Its name comes from the Old English word "meresig", meaning "island of the pool" and thus is tautological. 
Saint Norbert of Xanten (c. 1075 – 6 June 1134) , also known as Norbert Gennep, was a bishop of the Catholic Church, founder of the Premonstratensian order of canons regular, and is venerated as a saint.
The Sonics are an American garage rock band from Tacoma, Washington that formed in 1960. Their aggressive, hard-edged sound has been a major influence on punk, garage, and hard rock music worldwide, and they have been named as inspirations to Nirvana, Bruce Springsteen, the Fall, and other major artists.
The Maputo River , also called Great Usutu River, Lusutfu River, or Suthu River, is a river in South Africa, Eswatini, and Mozambique. The name "Suthu" refers to Basotho people who lived near the source of the river, but were attacked and displaced by Swazis. 
Anzin is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Ussuriysk  is a city in Primorsky Krai, Russia, located in the fertile valley of the Razdolnaya River, north of Vladivostok, the administrative center of the krai, and about from both the China–Russia border and the Pacific Ocean. Population: 
William John Patterson (May 13, 1886 – June 10, 1976) was a Liberal politician and Premier of Saskatchewan, Canada. He was first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in the 1921 election. He succeeded James G. Gardiner to become the province's first Saskatchewan-born premier in 1935.
Vladimir Bogdanovich Rezun (; born 20 April 1947), known as Viktor Suvorov , is a Russian writer and a former Soviet military intelligence officer who defected to the United Kingdom. Suvorov is best known for writing "Icebreaker" and several follow-up books on the history of World War II.
Henry George Grey, 3rd Earl Grey, (28 December 18029 October 1894), known as Viscount Howick from 1807 until 1845, was an English statesman.
WCCO-TV, virtual channel 4 (UHF digital channel 32), is a CBS owned-and-operated television station, licensed to Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States and serving the Twin Cities television market. The station is owned by the CBS Television Stations subsidiary of CBS Corporation. 
Lauren Lee Smith (born June 19, 1980) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her television roles, including Emma DeLauro in the syndicated fantasy drama "Mutant X", Riley Adams in the CBS forensics drama "", police Sergeant Michelle McCluskey in the CTV fantasy drama "The Listener", and Frankie Drake in the CBC detective series "Frankie Drake Mysteries".
Michel Gondry (; born 8 May 1963) is a French director, screenwriter, and producer noted for his inventive visual style and distinctive manipulation of mise en scène. He won an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay as one of the writers of the 2004 film "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind".
Jan Marek Marci FRS, (June 13, 1595, (, ), Royal Bohemia, Bohemian Crownland, AustriaApril 10, 1667, Prague, R.Bohemia, Bohemian Crownland, Austria), or Johannes  Marcus Marci, was a Bohemian doctor and scientist, rector of the University of Prague, and official physician to the Holy Roman Emperors. The crater Marci on the far side of the Moon is named after him.
David Maxim Triesman, Baron Triesman (born 30 October 1943) is a British politician, Merchant Banker and former trade union leader.
Estonian Air was the flag carrier airline of Estonia between 1991 and 2015. Headquartered in Tallinn it operated scheduled services from Tallinn Airport. 
Hector Seymour Peter Monro, Baron Monro of Langholm, AE, PC (4 October 1922 – 30 August 2006), was a Conservative & Unionist Party politician. He was Member of Parliament for Dumfriesshire for over 32 years, from 1964 to 1997, and then a life peer in the House of Lords.
Gary Alan Sinise (; born March 17, 1955) is an American actor, director and musician. He is known for his comedic and dramatic roles in his career. Among other awards, he has won an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, a star on Hollywood Walk of Fame and has been nominated for an Academy Award.
The Mississippi River is a tributary of the Ottawa River in Eastern Ontario, Canada. It is in length from its source at Mackavoy Lake, has a drainage area of , and has a mean discharge of . There are more than 250 lakes in the watershed.
Daniel "Dan" Grimaldi (born January 20, 1952) is an American actor and mathematics professor who is known for his roles as twins Philly and Patsy Parisi on the HBO TV series "The Sopranos".
Iona Victoria Campagnolo, (née Hardy, born October 18, 1932) is a Canadian politician, and was the 27th Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia and the first woman to hold the office. Prior to becoming Lieutenant Governor she was a Cabinet member in the Liberal government of Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau.
Dame Ellen Patricia MacArthur, (born 8 July 1976) is a retired English sailor, from Whatstandwell near Matlock in Derbyshire, now based in Cowes, Isle of Wight.
The River Lune  is a river in length in Cumbria and Lancashire, England.
Wayne Michael Coyne (born January 13, 1961) is an American musician. He is the lead singer, occasional backing vocalist, guitarist, theremin player and songwriter for the band the Flaming Lips.
The Sibuyan Sea is a small sea in the Philippines that separates the Visayas from the northern Philippine island of Luzon.
Sergei Viktorovich Fyodorov (; born December 13, 1969) is a Russian former professional ice hockey player and the current general manager of CSKA Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League . During his playing career, Fedorov was primarily a centre, but occasionally played as a winger or defenceman.
The Bicol Peninsula is a peninsula of Luzon Island in the Philippines. Part of the Bicol Region, the provinces on the peninsula include Albay, Camarines Norte, Camarines Sur, and Sorsogon; the two other provinces of the Bicol Region, namely Catanduanes and Masbate, are offshore islands. 
James "Jimmy" Van Heusen (born Edward Chester Babcock; January 26, 1913 – February 6, 1990) was an American composer. He wrote songs for films, television and theater, and won an Emmy and four Academy Awards for Best Original Song.
Moksha  is a river in central Russia, a right tributary of the Oka River. It flows through Penza Oblast, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Ryazan Oblast and the Republic of Mordovia, and joins the Oka near Pyatnitsky Yar, below the city of Penza Oblast.
The College of Idaho  is a private, residential liberal arts college in the western United States, located in Caldwell, Idaho. Founded in 1891, it is the state's oldest private liberal arts college, with an enrollment of 1,140 students. It is affiliated with the Presbyterian Church .
Green Mountain College was a private liberal arts college in Poultney, Vermont, United States, at the foot of the Taconic Mountains between the Green Mountains and Adirondacks. The college had a core set of courses known as the Environmental Liberal Arts  curriculum, in environmental and natural sciences, writing, reading, history and philosophy. 
North Haven is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut on the outskirts of New Haven, Connecticut. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 24,093.
Karl Wilhelm Julius Hugo Riemann (18 July 1849 – 10 July 1919) was a German music theorist and composer.
Amanda Tapping (born 28 August 1965) is an English-Canadian actress and director. She is best known for portraying Samantha Carter in the Canadian–American military science fiction television series "Stargate SG-1" and "Stargate Atlantis". She also starred as Helen Magnus in the science fiction-fantasy television series "Sanctuary".
cEvin Key (born Kevin William Crompton, February 13, 1961) is a Canadian musician, songwriter, producer, and composer. He is best known as a member of the industrial music group Skinny Puppy, which he co-founded in 1982 with singer Nivek Ogre. 
The Solomon Islands rain forests are a terrestrial ecoregion covering most of the Solomon Islands archipelago.
The State University of New York College at Old Westbury is a public college that is part of the State University of New York system. The college is in Old Westbury, New York, with portions in the neighboring town of Jericho, New York. 
Edward of Middleham, Prince of Wales, Earl of Chester, Duke of Cornwall, 1st Earl of Salisbury (December 14739 April 1484), was the heir apparent of King Richard III of England and his wife, Anne Neville. He was Richard's only legitimate child and died aged ten.
The Judith River is a tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 124 mi (200 km) long, running through central Montana in the United States. It rises in the Little Belt Mountains and flows northeast past Utica and Hobson. 
Glass Hammer is an American progressive rock band from Chattanooga, Tennessee, created and led by Steve Babb and Fred Schendel.
La Roche-Maurice  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.
Camping World Stadium is a stadium in Orlando, Florida, located in the West Lakes neighborhood of Downtown Orlando, west of new sports and entertainment facilities including the Amway Center, the Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts, and Exploria Stadium. It opened in 1936 as Orlando Stadium and has also been known as the Tangerine Bowl and Florida Citrus Bowl. 
Corio Bay is one of numerous bays in the southwest corner of Australia's Port Phillip, and is the bay on which abuts the City of Geelong. The nearby suburb of Corio takes its name from Corio Bay.
Ciudad de Mendoza  is the capital of the province of Mendoza in Argentina. It is located in the northern-central part of the province, in a region of foothills and high plains, on the eastern side of the Andes. 
The Bay of Mecklenburg , also known as the Mecklenburg Bay or Mecklenburg Bight, is a long narrow basin making up the southwestern finger-like arm of the Baltic Sea, between the shores of Germany to the south and the Danish islands of Lolland, Falster, and Møn to the north, the shores of Jutland to the west, and joining the largest part of the Baltic to the east.
Herbert Chapman (19 January 1878 – 6 January 1934) was an English association football player and manager. Though he had an undistinguished playing career, he went on to become one of the most successful and influential managers in early 20th-century English football, before his sudden death in 1934.
The Nigerian Air Force  is the air branch of the Nigerian Armed Forces. 
El Mundo , formally El Mundo del Siglo Veintiuno  is the second largest printed daily newspaper in Spain. The paper is considered one of the country's newspapers of record along with "El País" and "ABC".
Willem Werner Hubert "Willy" Claes (; born 24 November 1938) is a former Belgian politician who served as the eighth Secretary General of NATO, from 1994 to 1995. Claes was a member of the Flemish Socialist Party.
Dina Meyer (born December 22, 1968) is an American film and television actress. She began her career appearing in a recurring role on the Fox teen drama series "Beverly Hills, 90210" (1993–94), before landing a female leading role opposite Keanu Reeves in the 1995 film "Johnny Mnemonic".
Yackandandah is a small tourist town in northeast Victoria, Australia. It is near the regional cities of Wodonga and Albury, and is close to the tourist town of Beechworth. At the , Yackandandah had a population of 950.
Bernd Weidung (born 1 March 1963 in Koblenz, Rhineland-Palatinate), better known by his stage name Thomas Anders, is a German singer, best known as the lead singer of German duo Modern Talking. 
Cauvicourt is a commune in the Calvados department and Normandy region of north-western France.
Rosemarie "Rosi" Mittermaier-Neureuther (born 5 August 1950) is a retired World Cup alpine ski racer from Germany. She was the overall World Cup champion in 1976 and a double gold medalist at the 1976 Winter Olympics.
Isiah Lord Thomas III (born April 30, 1961) is an American former basketball player who played professionally for the Detroit Pistons in the National Basketball Association . A point guard, the 12-time NBA All-Star was named one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History and inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Thomas has also been a professional and collegiate head coach, a basketball executive, and a broadcaster.
Dame Susan Jocelyn Bell Burnell (; born 15 July 1943) is an astrophysicist from Northern Ireland who, as a postgraduate student, co-discovered the first radio pulsars in 1967. She was credited with "one of the most significant scientific achievements of the 20th century". The discovery was recognised by the award of the 1974 Nobel Prize in Physics, but despite the fact that she was the first to observe the pulsars, Bell was not one of the recipients of the prize.
Ma Wan is an island of Hong Kong, located between Lantau Island and Tsing Yi Island, with an area of . Administratively, it is part of Tsuen Wan District.
William VII  (1023 – autumn 1058), called the Eagle  or the Bold , was the duke of Aquitaine and count of Poitou  between 1039 and his death, following his half-brother Odo.
Orhei , also formerly known as Orgeev , is a city, municipality and the administrative centre of Orhei District in the Republic of Moldova, with a population of 21,065. Orhei is approximately north of the capital, Chișinău.
Aurangabad  is a city in the Aurangabad district of Maharashtra state in India. Aurangabad is also the administrative capital of the centrally situated Marathwada region. 
United Center is an indoor arena on the Near West Side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is home to the Chicago Bulls of the National Basketball Association  and the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League , named after its corporate sponsor, United Airlines.
Archduke Eugen Ferdinand Pius Bernhard Felix Maria of Austria-Teschen (21 May 1863 – 30 December 1954) was an Archduke of Austria and a Prince of Hungary and Bohemia. He was the last Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights from the Habsburg dynasty.
Archduke Friedrich, Duke of Teschen (Friedrich Maria Albrecht Wilhelm Karl; 4 June 1856 – 30 December 1936) was a member of the House of Habsburg and the Supreme Commander of the Austro-Hungarian Army during World War I.
ATV is a television station in Melbourne, Australia, part of Network 10 – one of the three major Australian free-to-air commercial television networks.
Vladivoj ( – January 1003) was Duke of Bohemia from 1002 until his death. 
Maximilian Maria Joseph Karl Gabriel Lamoral Reichsfreiherr von und zu Weichs an der Glon (12 November 1881 – 27 September 1954) was a field marshal in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II. He commanded several armies and army groups, including the 2nd Army during Operation Barbarossa and Army Group B during the Battle of Stalingrad in 1943.
Cadwallader Colden Washburn (April 22, 1818May 14, 1882) was an American businessman, politician, and soldier who founded a mill that later became General Mills. A member of the Washburn family of Maine, he was a U.S. Congressman and governor of Wisconsin, and served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Donald Jay Fagen (born January 10, 1948) is an American musician best known as the co-founder, lead singer and keyboardist of the band Steely Dan, formed in the early 70s. He has also released four albums as a solo artist, and in 2001 was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. 
Muhammadu Buhari (born 17 December 1942) is a Nigerian politician currently serving as the President of Nigeria, in office since 2015. He is a retired major general in the Nigerian Army and previously served as the nation's head of state from 31 December 1983 to 27 August 1985, after taking power in a military coup d'état. 
Lieutenant Alfred Douglas Douglas-Hamilton, 13th Duke of Hamilton and 10th Duke of Brandon TD, DL (6 March 1862 – 16 March 1940) was a Scottish nobleman and sailor.
Valerio Massimo Manfredi (born 8 March 1942) is an Italian historian, writer, essayist, archaeologist and journalist.
The Hoggar Mountains , are a highland region in the central Sahara, southern Algeria, along the Tropic of Cancer. The mountains cover an area of approximately 550,000 square km (212,000 square miles).
The Great Miami River   is a tributary of the Ohio River, approximately long, in southwestern Ohio and Indiana in the United States. The Great Miami flows through Dayton, Piqua, Troy, Hamilton, and Sidney.
Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology , commonly known as BUET , is a public university in Bangladesh, which focuses on the study of engineering and architecture. Founded in 1912, it is the oldest institution for the study of engineering, architecture and urban planning in Bangladesh.
Son Volt is an American alternative rock and alternative country band, formed by Jay Farrar in 1994 after the breakup of Uncle Tupelo. 
Davidson College is a private liberal arts college in Davidson, North Carolina. The college has graduated 23 Rhodes Scholars.
Ammeldingen bei Neuerburg  is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Biersdorf am See is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
South San Gabriel is an alternative country band based in Denton, Texas. 
Daleiden is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Jurgen Van den Broeck (born 1 February 1983) is a Belgian former road bicycle racer, who competed professionally between 2004 and 2017 for the , , and squads. Van den Broeck specialised in the time trial discipline, having been Junior World Champion against the clock in 2001. The promise he first displayed in minor stage races like the Tour de Romandie and Eneco Tour was later validated and confirmed by top-10 finishes in all three Grand Tours: the Giro d'Italia, the Tour de France and the Vuelta a España.
Yao Fen (; born January 2, 1967) is a Chinese former international level women's badminton player.
Etteldorf is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Gindorf is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.
Benito Perojo (Madrid, 14 June 1894 – Madrid, 11 November 1974) was a successful Spanish film director and film producer.
Gardabani  is a town in the Georgian region of Kvemo Kartli and the centre of the Gardabani Municipality, located 39 km south of Georgia's capital Tbilisi.
Alcoba is a municipality located in the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 639 (2014).
Arenales de San Gregorio is a municipality in the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 703.
Caracuel de Calatrava is a municipality in Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 159.
Andrea Longo (born 26 June 1975 in Piove di Sacco) is a former Italian middle-distance runner.
Edson René Braafheid (; born 8 April 1983) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a left-back for USL club Austin Bold FC.
Igor Aramovich Ter-Ovanesyan (, born 19 May 1938) is a retired Soviet competitor and coach in the long jump. He is a five-time European and two-time Olympic medalist in this event. In 1985 he was awarded the Order of the Badge of Honour.
KMAX-FM (94.3 FM, 94.3 The X) is a radio station broadcasting an Alternative Rock format. Licensed to Wellington, Colorado, United States, the station serves the Fort Collins-Greeley area. The station is currently owned by Townsquare Media.
A not-for-profit organisation, the European Language Resources Association  is established under the law of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Its seat is in Luxembourg and its headquarters in Paris .
KEZR (106.5 FM, "Mix 106") is a radio station licensed to San Jose, California and serving the San Francisco Bay Area. They program an Adult Top 40 format and are owned by Alpha Media through the licensee Alpha Media Licensee LLC. 
Seeon-Seebruck is a municipality in the district of Traunstein in southern Bavaria in Germany.
Ekkehard Fasser (born 3 September 1952 in Glarus) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the 1980s. He won a gold medal in the four-man event with teammates Kurt Meier, Marcel Fässler and Werner Stocker at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary.
Las Labores is a municipality in Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 678.
Miguelturra is a municipality in the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 13,986.
Retuerta del Bullaque is a municipality in Ciudad Real Province, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,033.
Association Sportive du Real Bamako, commonly referred to as Real Bamako is a Malian football club based in Bamako. They play in the Malien Première Division the top division in Malian football. Their home stadium is Stade Modibo Keïta.
Gusii Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kisii, Kenya. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Shabana Kisii. 
Dusetos  is a city in Zarasai district municipality, northeastern Lithuania, west of Zarasai, near Lake Sartai.
Union Culturelle et Sportive des Travailleurs Port Autonome is a Senegalese football club based in Dakar. Their home stadium is Stade Port Autonome. 
WAEB-FM, commonly known as "B104", is a Mainstream Top 40 radio station located in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, in the United States and owned by iHeartMedia. WAEB-FM broadcasts at 104.1 MHz FM.
The Sammarinese Democratic Progressive Party  was a democratic socialist political party in San Marino. Its Italian counterpart was the Democratic Party of the Left.
Robert David Yeoman, (born March 10, 1951) is an American cinematographer, best known for his collaborations with directors Wes Anderson and Paul Feig. He was nominated for an Academy Award and BAFTA Award for his "The Grand Budapest Hotel" (2014), and has won numerous other awards including an Independent Spirit Award.
The Salinas Sports Complex is a sporting complex located in Salinas, California on the Central Coast. The main feature of the complex is a 17,000-seat stadium for California Rodeo Salinas. 
Association Sportive des Douanes de Lomé is a Togolese football club based in Lomé. They play in the top division in Togolese football. Their home stadium is Stade Agoè-Nyivé.
Kennoway Star Hearts Junior Football Club are a football club from the village of Star near Glenrothes in Fife, Scotland. Currently members of the SJFA East Region Super League, the club play their home games at Treaton Park.
The Seeb Sports Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Seeb, Oman. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Al-Seeb Club. 
Delta Raya Sidoarjo Football Club is an Indonesian football club based in Sidoarjo, East Java, Indonesia. Founded in 1989 by a businessman named H.M. Mislan as Gelora Dewata '89 with home base in Bali, they moved to Sidoarjo in 2001 and changed their name to Gelora Putra Delta after playing some matches in the early 2001–2002 season. 
Telekom Malaysia Football Club or commonly known as TMFC is a now defunct Malaysian football club, which originated from Malacca until the club moved their base to Kuala Lumpur on their last season. The club's final home ground was the 25,000 capacity MPPJ Stadium. The club used to play in the top division of Malaysian football, the Malaysia Super League until its final season in 2006–07 Malaysia Super League.
Oak Lake is an unincorporated urban community in the Rural Municipality of Sifton within the Canadian province of Manitoba that held town status prior to January 1, 2015. It is located west of Brandon along the Trans-Canada Highway. 
Bonsucesso Futebol Clube, or Bonsucesso, is a Brazilian football team from Bonsucesso neighborhood, Rio de Janeiro in Rio de Janeiro state, founded on August 12, 1913. The club competed in Campeonato Brasileiro Série B twice.
Buxoro FK  is an Uzbekistani football club based in Bukhoro. They play in the top division in Uzbekistani football.
Fusako Sano, then a fourth grade elementary school girl, disappeared on November 13, 1990 at age nine after watching a school baseball game in her home town of Sanjō, Niigata Prefecture, Japan. A huge police search failed to find the missing girl. 
Castiglione Chiavarese  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about southeast of Genoa.
Gorreto  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about northeast of Genoa.
Montebruno  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about northeast of Genoa. 
Rondanina  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about northeast of Genoa.
Valbrevenna  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about northeast of Genoa. 
Calice al Cornoviglio is a "comune"  in the Province of La Spezia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southeast of Genoa and about north of La Spezia. 
Sesta Godano  is a "comune"  in the Province of La Spezia in the Italian region Liguria, located about east of Genoa and about northwest of La Spezia. 
Brissago-Valtravaglia is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about northwest of Varese.
Cairate is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about south of Varese.
Villanueva de San Carlos is a municipality in the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 382.
Castello Cabiaglio is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 548 and an area of .
Comerio is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km northwest of Milan and about 8 km west of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,549 and an area of 5.6 km².
Daverio is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about southwest of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,751 and an area of .
Gerenzano is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about southeast of Varese.
Micah Kemboi Kogo (born 3 June 1986 in Burnt Forest, Uasin Gishu District) is a Kenyan long-distance runner, who specialises in the 10,000 metres. He is the former world record holder in the 10 kilometres road race event with a time of 27:01. 
Morazzone is a "comune"  of c. 4,000 inhabitants in the province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about south of Varese. It is served by Gazzada-Schianno-Morazzone railway station.
Saltrio is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about northeast of Varese, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,925 and an area of .
Vedano Olona is a "comune"  in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about southeast of Varese. 
Appiano Gentile  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about southwest of Como.
Bregnano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan and about south of Como. 
Carimate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about south of Como. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,074 and an area of .
Claino con Osteno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about north of Como. It is a small "comune" on Lake Lugano, composed of a series of small "frazioni" : the biggest ones  have been chosen for the municipal name.
Erba  is a "comune"  of some 16,000 inhabitants in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy. It is located north of Milan and about east of Como in the traditional region of Brianza at the foot of the Lombard Prealps and close to Monte Bollettone.
Gravedona ed Uniti is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como.
Livo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 212 and an area of 32.5 km².
Montemezzo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 270 and an area of 9.1 km².
Pianello del Lario  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como. 
Rezzago  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como. As of 30 November 2012, it had a population of 317 and an area of . 
San Nazzaro Val Cavargna  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about north of Como, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 396 and an area of .
Torno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northeast of Como.
Suwon Football Club  is a South Korean professional football club based in the city of Suwon. It plays in the K League Challenge. They play their home games at Suwon Sports Complex.
Albaredo per San Marco is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southwest of Sondrio. 
Campodolcino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northwest of Sondrio, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,077 and an area of .
Dazio is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about west of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 380 and an area of .
Madesimo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about north of Milan and about northwest of Sondrio, on the border with Switzerland.
Poggiridenti is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about east of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2013, it had a population of 1,895 and an area of .
Talamona is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about west of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,623 and an area of .
Verceia is a "comune"  in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about west of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,101 and an area of .
Bareggio  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about west of Milan.
Binasco  is a "comune"  in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 7,236 and an area of .
Buscate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan. As of 1 January 2014, it had a population of 4,822 and an area of .
Casarile  is a "comune"  in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,637 and an area of .
Cogliate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located northwest of Milan. 
Dresano  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan. 
Yangju Citizen Football Club  is a South Korean football club based in the city of Yangju, located south of Dongducheon and north of Uijeongbu not far from Seoul. It is currently a member of the K3 League, the third tier of league football in South Korea.
Masate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,533 and an area of .
Noviglio  is a "comune" in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,456 and an area of .
Pioltello  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan. 
San Giorgio su Legnano  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northwest of Milan.
Trezzano Rosa  is a "comune"  in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,992 and an area of .
Vernate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southwest of Milan. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,594 and an area of .
Almenno San Bartolomeo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northwest of Bergamo.
Barzana  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northwest of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,645 and an area of .
Brembate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southwest of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2010, it had a population of 8,234 and an area of .
Carvico  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about west of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,355 and an area of .
Saint Beuno (;  640), sometimes anglicized as Bono, was a 7th-century Welsh abbot, confessor, and saint. Baring-Gould gives St Beuno's date of death as 21 April 640, making that date his traditional feastday. In the current Roman Catholic liturgical calendar for Wales, he is commemorated on 20 April, the 21st being designated for Saint Anselm.
Comun Nuovo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about south of Bergamo.
Fara Olivana con Sola is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about east of Milan and about southeast of Bergamo. 
Gandino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo. 
Grumello del Monte  is a "comune"  of about 7,400 inhabitants in the province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southeast of Bergamo.
Madone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southwest of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,501 and an area of .
Nembro  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo, on the right bank of the Serio River. 
Paladina is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northwest of Bergamo.
Piazza Brembana  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about north of Bergamo. 
Presezzo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about west of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,657 and an area of .
Rovetta  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,611 and an area of .
Solto Collina  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo. 
Torre Boldone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo, at the entrance of the Valle Seriana. Part of Torre Boldone's territory is part of Parco dei Colli di Bergamo
Valnegra  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about north of Bergamo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 233 and an area of .
Zanica  is a "comune"  in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about south of Bergamo. 
Arena Po is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km southeast of Milan and about 20 km southeast of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,595 and an area of 22.3 km².
Borgo San Siro is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southwest of Milan and about northwest of Pavia, in the western Lomellina.
Canneto Pavese is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 45 km south of Milan and about 20 km southeast of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,428 and an area of 5.8 km².
Cava Manara is a "comune"  in the province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 35 km south of Milan and about 7 km southwest of Pavia, not far from the confluence of the Ticino and the Po rivers.
Copiano is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 30 km southeast of Milan and about 13 km east of Pavia. 
Galliavola is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 30 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 230 and an area of 8.5 km².
Landriano is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northeast of Pavia.
Mede is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,993 and an area of 33.4 km.
Montesegale is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 60 km south of Milan and about 30 km south of Pavia. 
Pieve del Cairo is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 60 km southwest of Milan and about 30 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,179 and an area of 25.5 km².
Robbio is a city and "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 45 km west of Pavia. It is part of Lomellina traditional region.
San Damiano al Colle is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 km southeast of Milan and about 20 km southeast of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 767 and an area of 6.4 km².
Anatole "Tolly" de Grunwald (25 December 1910 – 13 January 1967) was a Russian British film producer and screenwriter.
Torricella Verzate is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 km south of Milan and about 20 km south of Pavia. As of December 31, 2004, it had a population of 829 and an area of 3.6 km².
Arthur Michael Jaffe (; born December 22, 1937) is an American mathematical physicist at Harvard University, where in 1985 he succeeded George Mackey as the Landon T. Clay Professor of Mathematics and Theoretical Science.
Varzi is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 70 km south of Milan and about 40 km south of Pavia. 
Zavattarello is a "comune"  in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 70 km south of Milan and about 35 km south of Pavia. 
Calvatone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona, Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about east of Cremona. Its territory is crossed by the Oglio River. 
Casalmorano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northwest of Cremona. 
Fiesco  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northwest of Cremona. 
Izano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northwest of Cremona. 
Ostiano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about northeast of Cremona. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,054 and an area of .
Ricengo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about east of Milan and about northwest of Cremona. 
Scandolara Ravara  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about southeast of Cremona.
Torricella del Pizzo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about southeast of Cremona. Torricella del Pizzo borders the following municipalities: Gussola, Motta Baluffi, Roccabianca, Scandolara Ravara, Sissa Trecasali.
Bozzolo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about southwest of Mantua.
Dosolo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about southwest of Mantua. , it had a population of 3,265 and an area of .
Marmirolo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about east of Milan and about northwest of Mantua. Its territory, which is totally plain as part of the Pianura Padana, is crossed by the Mincio river.
Quistello  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about southeast of Mantua. 
San Giovanni del Dosso  is a "comune"  in the Province of Mantua in the Italian region Lombardy, located about southeast of Milan and about southeast of Mantua.
Cencenighe Agordino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto, located about north of Venice and about northwest of Belluno. 
Lamon is a "comune"  in the province of Belluno in the Italian region of Veneto, located about northwest of Venice and about west of Belluno. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,322 and an area of .
Scott Lithgow, Limited was a Scottish shipbuilding company.
Selva di Cadore is a "comune"  in the province of Belluno in the Italian region of Veneto, located about north of Venice and about northwest of Belluno. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 557 and an area of . 
Vigo di Cadore is a "comune"  in the province of Belluno in the Italian region of Veneto, located about north of Venice and about northeast of Belluno.
Fregona is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about north of Venice and about north of Treviso. 
Miane is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about northwest of Venice and about northwest of Treviso. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,661 and an area of .
Ponte di Piave is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about northeast of Venice and about northeast of Treviso.
Salgareda is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about northeast of Venice and about east of Treviso. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,102 and an area of .
Susegana is a "comune"  in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about north of Venice and about north of Treviso.
Arre is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about south of Padua. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,067 and an area of .
Campodoro is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about northwest of Padua. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,490 and an area of .
Cervarese Santa Croce is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about west of Padua. The communal seat is in the "frazione" of Fossona. 
Gazzo is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about northwest of Venice and about northwest of Padua. As of 31 August 2017, it had a population of 4,302 and an area of .
Merlara is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region of Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about southwest of Padua. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,980 and an area of .
Pontelongo is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about southeast of Padua. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,853 and an area of .
Santa Giustina in Colle is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about northwest of Venice and about north of Padua. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,823 and an area of .
Torreglia is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about southwest of Padua. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 5,978 and an area of .
Villafranca Padovana is a "comune"  in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about northwest of Padua. 
CKGA is an AM radio station in Gander, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, broadcasting at 650 kHz. Owned by Stingray Digital, CKGA first went on the air in 1969 at 730 kHz, but moved to 650 in 1988. It is an affiliate of VOCM.
Amaro  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Udine. 
Bicinicco  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about south of Udine.
Chiopris-Viscone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about southeast of Udine. It is formed by two separate hamlets: Chiopris, which is the municipal seat, and Viscone. 
Middle Harbour Creek, a tributary of Middle Harbour, is a youthful tide-dominated, drowned-valley estuary northwest of Sydney Harbour, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Lusevera  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about north of Udine, on the border with Slovenia, and borders the following municipalities: Gemona del Friuli, Kobarid , Montenars, Nimis, Resia, Taipana, Tarcento, and Venzone.
Mortegliano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 60 km northwest of Trieste and about 14 km southwest of Udine. 
Paularo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about north of Udine, on the border with Austria. 
Preone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Udine. 
Rigolato  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Udine. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 601 and an area of .
Savogna ; ) is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northeast of Udine, on the border with Slovenia.
Torviscosa  is a "comune"  in the Province of Udine in the Italian region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about south of Udine. 
Zuglio  is a "comune" , former bishopric and Latin Catholic titular see in the Province of Udine in the northeastern Italian autonomous region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Udine in the Val Bût.
Sagrado  is a "comune"  in the Province of Gorizia in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about southwest of Gorizia, on the left bank of the Isonzo River.
Borgonovo Val Tidone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Piacenza in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northwest of Bologna and about west of Piacenza.
Calestano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Parma in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about southwest of Parma. 
Montechiarugolo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Parma in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northwest of Bologna and about southeast of Parma.
Tizzano Val Parma  is a "comune"  in the Province of Parma in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about southwest of Parma.
Cadelbosco di Sopra  is a town and comune in the province of Reggio Emilia in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
Quattro Castella  is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Emilia in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about southwest of Reggio Emilia. 
Castelnuovo Rangone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about south of Modena. The most important economic activity is the production and treatment of pork.
Guiglia  is a "comune"  in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southwest of Bologna and about south of Modena.
Prignano sulla Secchia  is a "comune"  in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna and about southwest of Modena. It is in the Modenese Appennines, in the valley of the Secchia river.
Soliera  is a "comune"  in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northwest of Bologna and about north of Modena. 
Princess Elisabeth Charlotte (; nicknamed "Lieselotte", 27 May 1652 – 8 December 1722) was a German princess and, as "Madame", the second wife of Philippe I, Duke of Orléans, younger brother of Louis XIV of France, and mother of France's ruler during the Regency. Louis invoked her hereditary claim to the Palatinate as pretext to launch the Nine Years' War in 1688. 
John Abney Culberson (born August 24, 1956) is an American attorney and politician who served in the United States House of Representatives from 2001 to 2019. A Republican, he served in in large portions of western Houston and surrounding Harris County.
Heart Sussex  is an Independent Local Radio station which is owned by Global Radio  and plays commercial, chart-oriented popular music. Broadcast and managed from studios and offices in Portslade, Brighton and Crawley, the station plays a mix of pop, rock and RnB with the overall tag line being 'The station for Sussex and Surrey' - replacing Mercury FM.
Delancey Street is one of the main thoroughfares of New York City's Lower East Side in Manhattan, running from the street's western terminus at the Bowery to its eastern end at FDR Drive, connecting to the Williamsburg Bridge and Brooklyn at Clinton Street. It is an eight-lane, median-divided street west of Clinton Street, and a service road for the Williamsburg Bridge east of Clinton Street. 
Samuel Alexander, (6 January 185913 September 1938) was an Australian-born British philosopher. He was the first Jewish fellow of an Oxbridge college.
The Kremlin Armoury,  is one of the oldest museums of Moscow, established in 1851 and located in the Moscow Kremlin, now a part of Moscow Kremlin Museums. 
Takis (born Panagiotis Vassilakis; ; born October 29, 1925, in Athens) is a Greek artist popular in France. His works can be found in many public locations in and around Paris.
Patricia Roberts Harris (May 31, 1924March 23, 1985) served in the American administration of President Jimmy Carter as United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, and United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare . She was the first African American woman to serve in the United States Cabinet, and the first to enter the line of succession to the Presidency. She previously served as United States Ambassador to Luxembourg under President Lyndon B. Johnson, and was the first African-American woman to represent the United States as an ambassador.
Forsyth Street runs from Houston Street south to Henry Street in the New York City borough of Manhattan. The street was named in 1817 for Lt. Colonel Benjamin Forsyth.
Mary Beth Peil (born June 25, 1940) is an American actress and singer.
Angela Michelle Harmon (born August 10, 1972) is an American actress and model. She was a professional model before gaining international fame for her roles in "Baywatch Nights" and as New York A.D.A. Abbie Carmichael on "Law & Order". She also starred as Detective Jane Rizzoli on the TNT series "Rizzoli & Isles".
Kevin Conroy (born November 30, 1955) is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for his voice role as the DC Comics character Batman on the 1990s Warner Bros. television show "", as well as various other TV series and feature films in the DC animated universe. 
Ivar the Boneless , also known as Ivar Ragnarsson, was a Viking leader and a commander who invaded what is now England. According to "The Tale of Ragnar Lodbrok", he was the youngest son of Ragnar Loðbrok and third wife Aslaug. His elder half-brothers and brothers included Björn Ironside, Halfdan Ragnarsson, Hvitserk, Sigurd Snake-in-the-Eye and Ubba.
Marine Parade  is a planning area and residential estate located in the Central Region of Singapore. Straddling the tip of the southeastern coast of Pulau Ujong, Marine Parade serves as a buffer between the Central and East regions of the city-state. 
Radio Wave 96.5 is a British Independent Local Radio station that serves the Blackpool and Fylde coast areas of Lancashire, owned and operated by Bauer Radio. The station broadcasts from a specially-constructed transmitter aerial atop Blackpool Tower. 
Clyde 1 is a Scottish independent local radio station serving Glasgow and West Central Scotland. The station, operated by Radio Clyde , broadcasts on 102.5 FM with relays covering Rothesay on 102.3 FM, the Firth of Clyde on 103.3 FM and the Vale of Leven on 97 FM, as well as on DAB and online. 
Capital North East is a regional radio station owned and operated by Global as part of the Capital network. It broadcasts to North East England from studios in Newcastle.
Silk 106.9 is an Independent Local Radio serving Macclesfield and parts of East Cheshire, owned and operated by neighbouring station Dee 106.3.
Mary Rose Oakar (born March 5, 1940) is an American Democratic politician and former member of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio, the first Democratic woman elected to the United States Congress from that state. Oakar was also the first woman of Arab-American  ancestry to serve in Congress. 
Arjun Rampal (born 26 November 1972) is an Indian film actor, producer, screenwriter, model, entrepreneur, and television personality. He made his acting debut in Rajiv Rai's romance "Pyaar Ishq Aur Mohabbat" (2001). He has received several awards including the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor and the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in "Rock On!!".
Club Atlético Osasuna  or simply Osasuna, is a Spanish football team based in Pamplona, Navarre.
The Shunga Empire  was an ancient Indian dynasty from Magadha that controlled areas of the central and eastern Indian subcontinent from around 187 to 78 BCE. The dynasty was established by Pushyamitra Shunga, after the fall of the Maurya Empire. Its capital was Pataliputra, but later emperors such as Bhagabhadra also held court at Besnagar  in eastern Malwa.
Young Timothy Hutchinson (born August 11, 1949) is an American Republican politician, lobbyist, and former United States senator from the state of Arkansas.
Universal Television is the television production subsidiary of the NBCUniversal Television Group and, by extension, the production arm of the NBC television network . It was formerly known as Revue Studios, MCA/Universal, NBC Productions, NBC Studios, NBC Universal Television Studio, and Universal Media Studios. Both NBC Studios and Universal Network Television are predecessors of Universal Media Studios.
Jerrold Lewis Nadler (; born June 13, 1947) is an American attorney and politician serving as the U.S. Representative for since 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, he has served in Congress since 1992, previously representing the state's 17th congressional district (1992–1993) and 8th congressional district (1993–2013). Nadler has also been Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee since 2019.
John Francis Harcourt Baring, 7th Baron Ashburton, (born 2 November 1928), is a British merchant banker and former chairman of British Petroleum . Lord Ashburton also sat on the boards of Jaguar Cars, Dunlop Rubber and Royal Insurance.
The French Alps are the portions of the Alps mountain range that stand within France, located in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes and Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur regions. While some of the ranges of the French Alps are entirely in France, others, such as the Mont Blanc massif, are shared with Switzerland and Italy.
The Christian Democratic Party  is a socially conservative political party in Australia, founded in 1977 under the name Call to Australia Party by a group of Christian ministers in New South Wales, who had Fred Nile, a Congregational Church minister, run as their upper house candidate in the NSW State election. Fred Nile commonly refers to himself as the party's founder; however, the party states that it was founded by "concerned Australian ministers".
Clementi  is a planning area and residential town located at the easternmost fringe of the West Region of Singapore. The town borders Bukit Batok to the north, Bukit Timah to the northeast, Queenstown to the east and Jurong East to the west.
Ilava  is a town in the Trenčín Region, northwestern Slovakia.
The Northern Pikes are a Canadian rock band formed in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in 1984. The original members are Jay Semko, Bryan Potvin, Merl Bryck and Glen Hollingshead who left the band in 1985, and was replaced by Don Schmid in June 1986.
Uraidla  is a small town in the Adelaide Hills of South Australia, Australia. At the , Uraidla had a population of 461. 
Jim Davis (born Marlin Davis, August 26, 1909 – April 26, 1981) was an American actor, best known for his role as Jock Ewing in the CBS prime-time soap opera, "Dallas", a role which continued until he was too ill from a terminal illness to perform.
Li Ting (; born April 1, 1987 in Lingui, Guilin, Guangxi) is a female diver from the People's Republic of China. She is a member of the Dong Chinese ethnic minority.
Elaine Stritch (February 2, 1925 – July 17, 2014) was an American actress and singer, known for her work on Broadway. She made her professional stage debut in 1944 and appeared in numerous stage plays, musicals, feature films and television series. She was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 1995.
Ronald J. McGovney (born November 2, 1962) is a semi-retired American musician, best known as the original bass guitarist in the heavy metal band Metallica from October 1981 to December 1982.
Zhu Chen (; born March 16, 1976) is a Qatari chess Grandmaster. In 2001, she became China's second women's world chess champion after Xie Jun, and China's 13th Grandmaster. In 2006, she obtained Qatari citizenship and since then plays for Qatar.
The Stern College for Women  is the undergraduate women's college of arts and sciences of Yeshiva University. It is located at the university's Israel Henry Beren Campus in the Murray Hill section of Manhattan.
Jay Kay (born Jason Luís Cheetham; 30 December 1969) is an English singer-songwriter. He rose to international fame as a founding member and lead vocalist of the jazz-funk band Jamiroquai.
Viviane Adélaïde Reding (born 27 April 1951) is a Luxembourgish politician and a former Member of the European Parliament  from Luxembourg. She is a member of the Christian Social People's Party, part of the European People's Party. 
Exuma is a district of the Bahamas, consisting of over 365 islands, also called cays.
2SER is a community radio station in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, broadcasting on the frequency 107.3 FM and is a member of the Community Broadcasting Association of Australia. The station is largely self-supporting, relying upon revenue raised through programming, sponsorship, fund-raising events and membership. 
Matthias Sammer (; born 5 September 1967) is a retired German footballer and coach who last worked as sporting director of Bayern Munich. He played as a defensive midfielder, and later in his career as a sweeper.
Nefyn  is a small town and community on the North West coast of the Llŷn Peninsula in Gwynedd, Wales. Historically in Caernarfonshire, it has a population of 2,602.
The University of Agder , formerly known as Agder College and Agder University College, is a public university with campuses in Kristiansand and Grimstad, Norway. The institution was established as a university college  in 1994 through the merger of Agder College and five other colleges, including a technical college and a nursing school, and became one of Norway's new universities in 2007. 
Earl Frederick Hilliard (born April 9, 1942) is an American politician from the U.S. state of Alabama who served as the U.S. Representative for the state's 7th district.
The Freedom Road Socialist Organization  was formed in 1985 as many of the Maoist-oriented groups formed in the United States New Communist Movement of the 1970s were shrinking or collapsing. The FRSO tried to solidify some of these groups into a single organization that would have some longevity.
Liberty Science Center is an interactive science museum and learning center located in Liberty State Park in Jersey City in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.
Ahmed Benbitour  (born June 20, 1946) is an Algerian politician who was Head of Government of Algeria from 1999 to 2000.
Michael Carmen Pitt (born April 10, 1981) is an American actor, model and musician. Pitt is known in film for his roles in "Murder by Numbers" (2002), Bernardo Bertolucci's "The Dreamers" (2003), Gus Van Sant's "Last Days" (2005), Michael Haneke's "Funny Games" (2007) and M. Night Shyamalan's "The Village" (2004), and in television for his roles as Henry Parker in the teen drama "Dawson's Creek", Jimmy Darmody in the HBO series "Boardwalk Empire" and Mason Verger in the NBC series "Hannibal". He has also appeared in the films "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" (2001), "Bully" (2001), "Silk" (2007), "Seven Psychopaths" (2012), "I Origins" (2014), and "Ghost in the Shell" (2017).
Roger Quarles Mills (March 30, 1832September 2, 1911) was an American lawyer and politician. During the American Civil War, he served as an officer in the Confederate States Army. Later, he served in the US Congress, first as a representative and later as a senator.
The Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway, also known as the Big Four Railroad and commonly abbreviated CCC&StL, was a railroad company in the Midwestern United States. It operated in affiliation with the New York Central system.
Naracoorte is a town in the Limestone Coast region of South Australia, approximately 336 kilometres south-east of Adelaide and 100 kilometres north of Mount Gambier on the Riddoch Highway (A66).
Woodley is a town and civil parish in Berkshire, England. It is the largest suburb of Reading, situated east of the town centre and is joined to the neighbouring large suburb of Earley, to the west, and from the historic market town of Wokingham. Nearby are the villages of Sonning, Twyford, Winnersh, Hurst and Charvil.
Augie March are an Australian indie/pop rock band. Formed in 1996 in Shepparton, Victoria, the band currently consists of vocalist and rhythm guitarist Glenn Richards, lead guitarist Adam Donovan, bassist Edmondo Ammendola, drummer David Williams, and keyboardist Kiernan Box. 
Quess East Bengal Football Club is a professional football club based in Kolkata, West Bengal, India. It competes in the I-League under licence from the All India Football Federation . The club has won three National Football League  titles, eight Federation Cups, and three Indian Super Cups, alongside other trophies.
Seleucus of Seleucia ( "Seleukos"; born c. 190 BC; fl. c. 150 BC) was a Hellenistic astronomer and philosopher. 
The Talbot River is a river in the Great Lakes Basin in Central Ontario, Canada which flows from Mitchell Lake to Lake Simcoe and forms the border between Simcoe County  to the north and the Regional Municipality of Durham  to the south from the river mouth to the edge of their border with the city of Kawartha Lakes at the east.
Lee Aaron (born Karen Lynn Greening, July 21, 1962) is a Canadian rock singer. She had several hits in the 1980s and early 1990s such as "Metal Queen", "Whatcha Do to My Body", and "Sex with Love".
Le Puy-en-Velay  is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France near the Loire river. Its inhabitants are called "Ponots". 
Thomas Richard Fogerty (November 9, 1941 – September 6, 1990) was an American musician, best known as the rhythm guitarist for Creedence Clearwater Revival. He was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.
Walther Ritz (22 February 1878 – 7 July 1909) was a Swiss theoretical physicist. He is most famous for his work with Johannes Rydberg on the Rydberg–Ritz combination principle. 
Amaknak Island or Umaknak Island  is the most populated island in the Aleutian Islands. 
Oatka Creek  is the third longest tributary of the Genesee River, located entirely in the Western New York region of the U.S. state of New York. From southern Wyoming County, it flows to the Genesee near Scottsville, draining an area of that includes all or part of 23 towns and villages in Wyoming, Genesee, Livingston and Monroe counties as well. 
The Forch railway  is a local railway line in the Swiss canton of Zürich. It is owned and operated by the Forchbahn AG, and is branded as line S18 of the Zürich S-Bahn. 
Lenny Krayzelburg (born September 28, 1975, as Leonid Krayzelburg; , ) is an American former backstroke swimmer, and Olympic gold medalist and former world record holder. He swam in the 2000 and 2004 Olympics. 
Dana Welles Delany (born March 13, 1956) is an American actress, producer, and activist. After appearing in small roles early in her career, Delany received her breakthrough role as Colleen McMurphy on the ABC television drama "China Beach" (1988–1991), for which she twice received the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series in 1989 and 1992. She received further recognition for her appearances in the films "Light Sleeper" (1992), "Tombstone" (1993), "Exit to Eden" (1994), "" (1995), "Fly Away Home" (1996), "True Women" (1997), and "Wide Awake" (1998).
Talavera de la Reina  is a city and municipality in the western part of the province of Toledo, which in turn is part of the autonomous community of Castile–La Mancha, Spain. It is the second-largest population center in Castile-La Mancha. Its population of 83,303 makes it the fourth largest town in the region of Castilla-La Mancha, after Albacete, Guadalajara and Toledo.
Richmond is a town, and the seat of the Tasman District Council, that lies south of Nelson in the South Island of New Zealand, close to the southern extremity of Tasman Bay. The town was first settled in 1842 and was named in 1854 after the town of Richmond on Thames near London. 
Limbang is a border town and the capital of Limbang District in the Limbang Division of northern Sarawak, East Malaysia, on the island of Borneo. It is located on the banks of the Limbang River , between the two halves of Brunei.
Clondalkin  is a suburban town situated 10 km west of Dublin city centre, Ireland, under the administrative jurisdiction of South Dublin. It features an eighth-century round tower that acts as a focal point for the area. 
Pakistan Railways  is the national, state-owned railway company of Pakistan. Founded in 1861 and headquartered in Lahore, it owns of track across Pakistan from Torkham to Karachi and operates freight and passenger service. 
The Bulkley River in British Columbia is a major tributary of the Skeena River. The Bulkley is long with a drainage basin covering .
Ian St John (born 7 June 1938) is a former footballer who played for Scotland 21 times and for Liverpool throughout most of the 1960s as a stalwart member of the team that won several major championships and was runners-up for several more. He later became a manager and pundit. In 2008, he was inducted into the Scottish Football Hall of Fame.
Lauren Pierce Bush (born June 25, 1984), also known as Lauren Bush Lauren, is the CEO and Co-Founder of FEED Projects. She is also known for her previous career as a fashion model and designer. She is a daughter of Neil Bush and Sharon Bush , a granddaughter of former President George H. W. Bush and niece of former President George W. Bush and former Florida Governor Jeb Bush.
Sidney Edmond Jocelyn Ackland, CBE (born 29 February 1928) is an English actor who has appeared in more than 130 film and television roles. He was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for portraying Jock Delves Broughton in "White Mischief" (1987).
Concordia University Wisconsin  is a private Lutheran university in Mequon, Wisconsin. The school is an affiliate of the nine-member Concordia University System operated by the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod .
Thomas Milner Gibson PC (3 September 1806 – 25 February 1884) was a British politician.
Silius Italicus, in full Tiberius Catius Asconius Silius Italicus (c. 28 – c. 103 CE), was a Roman consul, orator, and Latin epic poet of the 1st century CE . His only surviving work is the 17-book "Punica", an epic poem about the Second Punic War and the longest surviving poem in Latin at over 12,000 lines.
Foundry Networks, Inc. was a networking hardware vendor selling high-end Ethernet switches and routers.
Magdalena "Magda" Forsberg (born 25 July 1967 as Magdalena Wallin) is a former Swedish cross-country skier and biathlete. She was the dominating female biathlete from 1997 to 2002, when she retired, winning the Biathlon World Cup for six years straight. 
Milnthorpe is a large village and electoral ward within the South Lakeland district of Cumbria, England. Historically part of Westmorland and straddling the A6 road, the town contains several old hostelries and hosts a market in "The Square" every Friday. 
Michael Stephen Matheson (born 8 September 1970) is a Scottish politician serving as Cabinet Secretary for Transport, Infrastructure and Connectivity since 26 June 2018, having previously served as the Cabinet Secretary for Justice from 2014 to 2018. He has been a Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament since 1999, first representing Central Scotland and, since 2007, the Falkirk West constituency.
Duck is a town in Dare County, North Carolina, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 369. During the peak vacation season, starting after Memorial Day, the population increases to over 20,000.
Super Cat (born William Anthony Maragh in Kingston, Jamaica, 25 June 1963) is a deejay who achieved widespread popularity during the late 1980s and early 1990s dancehall movement. His nickname, "Wild Apache", was given to him by his mentor Early B. He is the elder brother of reggae artist Junior Cat and is considered one of the greatest deejays within the Jamaican dance-hall scene to date.
Christopher Greenup (c. 1750 – April 27, 1818) was an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative and the third Governor of Kentucky. Little is known about his early life; the first reliable records about him are documents recording his service in the Revolutionary War where he served as a lieutenant in the Continental Army and a colonel in the Virginia militia.
Richard Barbieri  is an English musician and songwriter. Originally a member of new wave band Japan (and their brief 1989–1991 reincarnation as Rain Tree Crow), more recently he is known as the keyboard player in the progressive rock band Porcupine Tree, which he joined in 1993.
Shon Seung-mo (Hangul: 손승모; born 1 July 1980 in Milyang, Gyeongsangnam-do) is a badminton player from South Korea. In 2004, he won the silver medal at the Athens Summer Olympics.
James Davis Porter (December 7, 1828 – May 18, 1912) was an American attorney, politician, educator, and officer of the Confederate Army. He served as Governor of Tennessee from 1875 to 1879. He was subsequently appointed as Assistant Secretary of State during President Grover Cleveland's first administration, and Minister to Chile in Cleveland's second administration.
Ice MC (born Ian Campbell, March 22, 1965) is a British rapper best known for the hit singles "Take Away the Colour", "Think About the Way" "and "It's a Rainy Day." The Ice MC hits are most notable for being the first songs in the Eurodance genre to blend raggamuffin style rap with female singing choruses. Italian producer and singer Roberto Zanetti  and his music team produced the Ice MC hits while simultaneously producing hits for other major '90s artists like Double You, Alexia, and Corona.
Malcolm Rice Patterson (June 7, 1861March 8, 1935) was an American politician and jurist. He served as Governor of Tennessee from 1907 to 1911, and served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1901 to 1906. He later served as a circuit court judge in Memphis (1923–1934), and wrote a weekly column for the "Memphis Commercial Appeal" (1921–1933).
The Elk River is a tributary of the Tennessee River in the U.S. states of Tennessee and Alabama. The river is about long.
Quincy University  is a private liberal arts Franciscan university in Quincy, Illinois. It enrolls around 1,100 students.
Johann, or Jean, Hermann, or Herrmann, (December 31, 1738 in Barr, Alsace – October 4, 1800 in Strasbourg) was a French physician and naturalist. 
Piebald is an American alternative rock band. Piebald started as a hardcore band in Andover, Massachusetts, out of the same scene that produced Converge and Cave In. 
Christophe Moreau (born 12 April 1971 in Vervins) is a French former professional road racing cyclist. For many years Moreau was the primary French contender for the general classification in the Tour de France: he finished in the top 12 in the GC five times and finished the race as best Frenchman in 2000, 2003, 2004 and 2005. He also enjoyed success in the Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré, winning the race overall in 2001 and 2007.
Usermaatre Sekheperenre Ramesses V  was the fourth pharaoh of the Twentieth dynasty of Egypt and was the son of Ramesses IV and Queen Duatentopet.
Elvira Madigan, artist name for Hedvig Antoinette Isabella Eleonore Jensen (December 4, 1867 in Flensburg, Schleswig-Holstein in the then Kingdom of Prussia July 19, 1889 in Nørreskov on Tåsinge, Denmark), was a circus performer .
The Union Pacific Corporation  is a publicly traded railroad holding company. It was established in 1969 and is headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska. It is the parent company of the current form of the Union Pacific Railroad.
Chertsey is a town in the Runnymede borough of Surrey, England on the right bank of the River Thames where it is met by a corollary, the Abbey River and a tributary, the River Bourne or Chertsey Bourne. It is within a narrow projection of the Greater London Urban Area, aside from the Thames bordered by Thorpe Park, junction 11 of the M25 London orbital motorway, the town of Addlestone and south-western semi-rural villages that were formerly within Chertsey . 
Carl Gottfried Neumann (also Karl; 7 May 1832 – 27 March 1925) was a German mathematician.
Natasha Zvereva, or Zverava, (born Natallya Marataŭna Zverava; Belarusian: Наталля Маратаўна Зверава; 16 April 1971) is a former professional tennis player from Belarus. She was the first major athlete in the Soviet Union to demand publicly that she should be able to keep her tournament earnings. The team of Zvereva and Gigi Fernández won more women's doubles titles and Grand Slam women's doubles championships than any other team since that of Martina Navratilova and Pam Shriver.
Viktor Vladimirovich Khlebnikov, better known by the pen name Velimir Khlebnikov (; – 28 June 1922), was a Russian poet and playwright, a central part of the Russian Futurist movement, but his work and influence stretch far beyond it.
Halsten Stenkilsson, English exonym: Alstan  was a king of Sweden, son of King Stenkil and a Swedish princess. He became king some time after his father Stenkil's death (1066), and he may have ruled together with his brother Inge the Elder. 
The SIB Swiss Institute of Bioinformatics is an academic not-for-profit foundation which federates bioinformatics activities throughout Switzerland.
Joseph Deems Taylor (December 22, 1885 – July 3, 1966) was an American composer, music critic, and promoter of classical music. Nat Benchley, co-editor of "The Lost Algonquin Roundtable", referred to him as "the dean of American music."
Lisa left the group in 2002 to pursue a solo career and the remaining members then started the M-Flo Loves... project working different vocalists for each song over three albums, including the likes of Bonnie Pink, Koda Kumi and BoA.
Huaqiao University  is a national university located in Xiamen and Quanzhou, Fujian province, China.
Hebei University of Science and Technology  is one of the key, multi-disciplinary universities in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China. It offers undergraduate degrees in science, engineering, humanities, and social science courses.
Hengshui University  is a university in Hengshui, Hebei province, People's Republic of China, established by the provincial government.
Dalian Maritime University  is a university located in Dalian, Liaoning, People's Republic of China. It is a key maritime institution under the Ministry of Transport of the People's Republic of China, and is a Chinese Ministry of Education Double First Class Discipline University, with Double First Class status in certain disciplines.
Shenyang Ligong University  is a university in Shenyang, Liaoning, China under the provincial government. Its campus is in a new district of Hunnan New District.
Donghua University   is a public research university in Shanghai, China. Established in 1951, DHU is one of the state-key universities directly under the Ministry of Education of China and is a member of China's Project 211 group of national universities. 
Valentino Clemente Ludovico Garavani (Voghera, 11 May 1932), best known as Valentino, is an Italian fashion designer and founder of the Valentino brand and company. His main lines include Valentino, Valentino Garavani, Valentino Roma, and R.E.D. Valentino.
Capital University of Economics and Business  is a university in Beijing, People's Republic of China. The main campus of the university is located in the Fengtai District of Beijing. 
James Herbert Keenan (born April 17, 1964), known professionally as Maynard James Keenan or MJK, is an American singer songwriter and the vocalist for the rock bands Tool, A Perfect Circle, and Puscifer.
Djibouti City  is the eponymous capital and largest city of Djibouti. It is located in the coastal Djibouti Region on the Gulf of Tadjoura.
The River Irthing is a river in Cumbria, England and a major tributary of the River Eden. The name is recorded as Ard or Arden in early references. 
The River Wyre is a river in Lancashire, England, United Kingdom, which flows into the Irish Sea at Fleetwood. It is approximately 28 miles (45 km) in length. The river is a County Biological Heritage Site.
Eastern Ontario (census population 1,603,625 in 2006)  is a secondary region of Southern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario which lies in a wedge-shaped area between the Ottawa River and St. Lawrence River. It shares water boundaries with Quebec to the north and New York State to the east and south, as well as a small land boundary with the Vaudreuil-Soulanges region of Quebec to the east.
Georges Lefebvre (; 6 August 1874 – 28 August 1959) was a French historian, best known for his work on the French Revolution and peasant life. He coined the term "history from below", which was later popularised by the British Marxist Historians, and the phrase the "death certificate of the old order" to describe the Great Fear of 1789. 
Papa Roach is an American rock band from Vacaville, California, formed in 1993. The original lineup consisted of lead vocalist Jacoby Shaddix, guitarist Jerry Horton, drummer Dave Buckner, bassist Will James, and trombonist Ben Luther.
La Rambla  is a street in central Barcelona. A tree-lined pedestrian street, it stretches for connecting "Plaça de Catalunya" in the centre with the Christopher Columbus Monument at Port Vell. 
Count Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy, often referred to as A. K. Tolstoy  , was a Russian poet, novelist and playwright, considered to be the most important nineteenth-century Russian historical dramatist, primarily on the strength of his dramatic trilogy "The Death of Ivan the Terrible" (1866), "Tsar Fyodor Ioannovich" (1868), and "Tsar Boris" (1870). He also gained fame for his satirical works, published under his own name  and under the collaborational pen name of Kozma Prutkov. 
City of Derry Airport , previously known as RAF Eglinton and Londonderry Eglinton Airport, is a regional airport located northeast of Derry, Northern Ireland. It is located on the south bank of Lough Foyle, a short distance from the village of Eglinton and from the city centre.
Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj (, "Cahiagín Elbegdorj" ; also referred to as Mongolyin Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj; born 30 March 1963) is a Mongolian politician who served as President of Mongolia from 2009 to 2017. He previously served as Prime Minister in 1998 and again from 2004 to 2006.
Brendan Foster (born 12 January 1948) is a British former long-distance runner who founded the Great North Run. He won the bronze medal in the 10,000 metres at the 1976 Summer Olympics, and the gold medal in the 5,000 metres at the 1974 European Championships and the 10,000 metres at the 1978 Commonwealth Games.
The state of Serdang was an ancient Malay-Indonesian monarchy, neighbouring the Sultanate of Deli, to which it lost some territory.
Angelo Branduardi (born 12 February 1950) is an Italian folk/folk rock singer-songwriter and composer who scored relative success in Italy and European countries such as France, Germany, Belgium, Netherlands and Greece.
Marco Galiazzo (born 7 May 1983 in Padova) is an athlete from Italy. He competes in archery for C.S. Aeronautica Militare, and is a former world number one. He was the first Olympic champion in the Italian archery history, winner of the gold medal in men's individual competition at Olympic Games - Athens 2004 and gold medal in team competition at the Olympic Games - London 2012 (in the same event he won silver at the Olympic Games - Beijing 2008).
Nouriel Roubini (born March 29, 1958) is an American economist. He teaches at New York University's Stern School of Business and is chairman of Roubini Macro Associates LLC, an economic consultancy firm.
Mitkof Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago in southeast Alaska between Kupreanof Island to the west and the Alaskan mainland to the east. It is approximately wide and long with a land area of , making it the 30th largest island in the United States. Much of the island is managed as part of the Tongass National Forest.
Sang Yang (Chinese: , "Sāng Yáng"; born: 17 July 1982) is a 
Alexander II of Macedon  was king of the ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon in 371–369 BC, following the death of his father Amyntas III.
The Gulf of Papua is a 400 kilometer wide region on the south coast of New Guinea.
Dumbarton Oaks is a historic estate in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, D.C. It was the residence and garden of Robert Woods Bliss (1875–1962) and his wife Mildred Barnes Bliss (1879–1969).
Christopher Jacot (born June 30, 1979) is a Canadian actor.
The National Museum of Taiwan Literature  is a museum located in Tainan, Taiwan. The museum researches, catalogs, preserves, and exhibits literary artifacts. 
John Child (born May 4, 1967 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired professional Canadian male beach volleyball player.
Irmin Schmidt (born 29 May 1937) is a German keyboardist and composer, best known as a founding member of the band Can.
The Canadian Labour Party was an early, unsuccessful attempt at creating a national labour party in Canada. Although it ran candidates in the federal elections of 1917, 1921, 1925 and 1926, it never succeeded in its goal of providing a national forum for the Canadian labour movement. 
Arkhip Ivanovich Kuindzhi (or Kuinji; ; 27 January 1842(?) – 24 July 1910) was a Russian landscape painter of Greek descent.
Hendrik "Erik" Dekker (born 21 August 1970) is a retired Dutch professional road racing cyclist active from 1992 until 2006. He was a member of the Rabobank cycling team from 1996 till 2006. 
Royal Marines Barracks Chivenor is a British military base used primarily by 3 Commando Brigade. It is situated on the northern shore of the River Taw estuary, adjacent to the South West Coast Path, on the north coast of Devon, England. The nearest towns are Barnstaple and Braunton.
Yaropolk II Vladimirovich  (1082 – 18 February 1139), Prince of Pereyaslav (1114–1132), Velikiy Kniaz  of Kiev (1132–1139), son of Vladimir II Monomakh and Gytha of Wessex. He fought in several campaigns against the Polovtsy , once in 1103 and again in 1116.
Izyaslav III Davidovich  (1115?-1162), Prince  of Chernigov (1152–1154, 1155–1157) and Grand Prince of Kiev (1154–1155, 1157–1158, 1162). He was the son of Davyd Sviatoslavich of Chernigov.
Valeriya Ilyinichna Novodvorskaya (, 17 May 1950, Baranovichi, Byelorussian SSR – 12 July 2014, Moscow) was a Soviet dissident, writer and liberal politician. She was the founder and the chairwoman of the "Democratic Union" party and a member of the editorial board of "The New Times".
Ganzhou , alternately romanized as Kanchow, is a prefecture-level city in southern Jiangxi, China, bordering Fujian to the east, Guangdong to the south, and Hunan to the west. Its administrative seat is at Zhanggong District. 
Western Maryland is the portion of the U.S. state of Maryland that typically consists of Washington, Allegany, and Garrett counties. The region is bounded by the Mason-Dixon line to the north, Preston County, West Virginia to the west, and the Potomac River to the south. 
Pirate FM is one of the Independent Local Radio stations for Cornwall, playing a range of music from the 1960s to the present day. The station is based at the UKRD Group headquarters in Redruth.
The Spaarne is a river in North Holland, Netherlands. This partially canalized river connects the Ringvaart to a side branch of the North Sea Canal. It runs through Haarlem, Heemstede, and Spaarndam.
Solomon ibn Gabirol  was an 11th-century Andalusian poet and Jewish philosopher with a Neo-Platonic bent. He published over a hundred poems, as well as works of biblical exegesis, philosophy, ethics and satire. 
The Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood  is one of the main sights of Saint Petersburg, Russia. Other names include the "Church on Spilled Blood" , the "Temple of the Savior on Spilled Blood" , and the "Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ" .
Sheikh Safi-ad-din Is'haq Ardabili  (1252–1334) , was the Kurdish and Sunni Muslim eponym of the Safavid dynasty, founder of the Safaviyya order, and the spiritual heir and son in law of the great Sufi Murshid  Sheikh Zahed Gilani, of Lahijan in Gilan province in northern Iran. Most of what we know about him comes from the Safvat as-safa, a hagiography written by one of his followers.
The South Western Ghats montane rain forests are an ecoregion of southern India, covering the southern portion of the Western Ghats range in Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu, at elevations over 1000 meters. They are cooler and wetter than the lower-elevation South Western Ghats moist deciduous forests, which surround the montane rain forests.
Mary Denise Rand, MBE (née Bignal on 10 February 1940) is a former English track and field athlete. She won the long jump at the 1964 Summer Olympics by breaking the world record, the first British female to win an Olympic gold medal in track and field. 
Heart South Devon  was an Independent Local Radio station serving the South Hams area of Devon, England. The station began broadcasting on 1 December 1999 and until its closure, was run as a joint venture between UKRD Group and Global Radio.
Edward Lloyd V (July 22, 1779June 2, 1834) served as the 13th Governor of Maryland from 1809 to 1811, and as a United States Senator from Maryland between 1819 and 1826. He also served as a U.S. Congressman from the seventh district of Maryland from 1807 to 1809.
The Heights of Abraham is a tourist attraction in Matlock Bath, Derbyshire, England. It consists of a hilltop park on top of Masson Hill, accessed from the village by either the Heights of Abraham cable car or a steep zig-zag path. 
Dresdner Bank AG was one of Germany's largest banking corporations and was based in Frankfurt. It was acquired by competitor Commerzbank in December 2009.
Above the Law was an American hip hop group from Pomona, California, founded in 1989 by Cold 187um, Laylaw, KMG the Illustrator, Go Mack, and DJ Total K-Oss.
Carlos Coimbra da Luz (; 4 August 1894 – 9 February 1961) was a Brazilian politician.
The Go-Ahead Group plc is a provider of passenger transport in the UK, Ireland, Singapore, and Germany, with over one billion journeys made on its bus and trains services each year. It is a FTSE 250 Index group listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Markstay-Warren is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the Sudbury District. Highway 17, from the city limits of Greater Sudbury to the Sudbury District's border with Nipissing District, lies entirely within Markstay-Warren. The town had a population of 2,656 in the Canada 2016 Census.
Rolf Magnus Joakim Larsson (born 19 August 1963), professionally known as Joey Tempest, is a Swedish singer, best known as the lead singer and main songwriter of the rock band Europe. He has written hits which include "The Final Countdown", "Rock the Night", "Cherokee" and "Superstitious".
Jennifer Paige Scoggins (born September 3, 1973) is an American singer and songwriter. She is best known for the 1998 pop hit "Crush".
Vierville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in Normandie region in northwestern France.
Capriolo  is a town and "comune" in the Italian province of Brescia, in Lombardy. It is situated on the left bank of the river Oglio, southwest of Lago d'Iseo.
Cazzago San Martino  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy in Franciacorta. It is bounded by other communes of Rovato, Ospitaletto.
La Ronge is a northern town in the boreal forest of central Saskatchewan, Canada. Its location is approximately north of Prince Albert where Highway 2 becomes Highway 102. La Ronge lies on the western shore of Lac la Ronge, is adjacent to Lac La Ronge Provincial Park, and is on the edge of the Canadian Shield.
Jehan Ariste Alain (3 February 1911 – 20 June 1940) was a French organist and composer.
Cellatica  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
Collebeato  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, Italy. It is located on the right bank of the river Mella, north of Brescia.
Fiesse  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, Lombardy, northern Italy. It is bounded by other communes of Asola, Casalromano, Gambara, Remedello and Volongo.
Lough Swilly  in Ireland is a glacial fjord or sea inlet lying between the western side of the Inishowen Peninsula and the Fanad Peninsula, in County Donegal. Along with Carlingford Lough and Killary Harbour it is one of three glacial fjords in Ireland.
Howard Pyle (March 5, 1853 – November 9, 1911) was an American illustrator and author, primarily of books for young people. He was a native of Wilmington, Delaware, and he spent the last year of his life in Florence, Italy.
Henry Maitland Macintosh (10 June 1892 – 26 July 1918) was a Scottish track and field athlete and winner of gold medal in 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Zeshan Rehman (; born 14 October 1983) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Hong Kong Premier League club Southern.
Villers-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in Normandy, northwestern France, with a population of 2,765 as of 2016.
Julia Livia (c.7–43 AD), sometimes referred to as Julia Drusi Caesaris filia , was the daughter of Drusus Julius Caesar and Livilla, and granddaughter of the Roman Emperor Tiberius. She was also a first cousin of the emperor Caligula, and niece of the emperor Claudius.
Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed (, ‎; 15 December 1934 – 23 March 2012) was a Somali politician and former Colonel in the Somali National Army. He was one of the founders of the Somali Salvation Democratic Front, as well as the Puntland State of Somalia, where he served as the autonomous region's first President. In 2004, Ahmed also helped establish the Transitional Federal Government, which he led as President of Somalia from 2004 until 2008.
Ahn Jung-hwan (Hangul: 안정환; Hanja: ; or ; born 27 January 1976) is a South Korean former football player and television personality. A former forward, he made world headlines by scoring the winning golden goal for South Korea against Italy in the 2002 FIFA World Cup second round, and earning him dismissal from the Italian club Perugia.
Dale Edward Wolf (born September 6, 1924) is an American businessman and politician from Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware. He is veteran of World War II, and a member of the Republican Party, who served for three weeks as the 70th governor of Delaware. 
Market Deeping is a market town and civil parish in the South Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England, on the north bank of the River Welland and the A15 road. The population of the town at the 2011 census was 6,008.
Paimpol  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwest France.
Stoney Creek is a community in the city of Hamilton in the Canadian province of Ontario. It was officially a city since 1984 until 2001 when it was amalgamated with the rest of the cities of the Regional Municipality of Hamilton-Wentworth.
Handsome Boy Modeling School is a collaborative project between hip hop producers Dan the Automator (Gorillaz, Dr. Octagon, Deltron 3030) and Prince Paul . The collaboration originally lasted from 1999 to 2006 and resulted in two albums, featuring a vast cast of guest rappers, singers, comedians and DJs. 
Eumenes II (; ; ruled 197–159 BC) surnamed Soter meaning "Savior" was a ruler of Pergamon, and a son of Attalus I Soter and queen Apollonis and a member of the Attalid dynasty of Pergamon.
Jacques Le Goff (1 January 1924 – 1 April 2014) was a French historian and prolific author specializing in the Middle Ages, particularly the 12th and 13th centuries.
Saint-Victor-la-Coste  is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
John Hartson (born 5 April 1975) is a Welsh former professional footballer who played as a striker, notably for Scottish club Celtic and Wales. Hartson is currently a pundit for S4C and BT Sport.
Anet is a commune and small town in the Eure-et-Loir department and Centre-Val de Loire region of north-central France. It lies 14 km north-north-east of Dreux, between the rivers Eure and Vesgre, the latter flowing into the former some 4 km north-east of Anet town hall.
WOSA (101.1 FM) — branded Classical 101fm — is a public radio classical music radio station licensed to Grove City, Ohio and serving the Columbus metro area. It is owned by Ohio State University via "WOSU Public Media." 
Ernst Franz Sedgwick Hanfstaengl (; 2 February 1887 – 6 November 1975) was a German-American businessman and intimate friend of Adolf Hitler. He eventually fell out of favour with Hitler, however, and defected from Nazi Germany to the United States. He later worked for Franklin D. Roosevelt and was once engaged to the author Djuna Barnes.
Lincoln United Football Club is a football club based in Lincoln, Lincolnshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Ashby Avenue.
Gerald Paul Joseph Cajetan Carmel Antony Martin Strickland, 6th Count della Catena, 1st Baron Strickland, (24 May 186122 August 1940), was a Maltese and British politician and peer, who served as Prime Minister of Malta, Governor of the Leeward Islands, Governor of Tasmania, Governor of Western Australia and Governor of New South Wales, in addition to sitting successively in the House of Commons and House of Lords in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The New Zealand Conservative Party  was a short-lived political party in New Zealand. It was founded by a dissident National Party MP, Ross Meurant.
Cleobulus (; , "Kleoboulos ho Lindios"; fl. 6th century BC) was a Greek poet and a native of Lindos. He is one of the Seven Sages of Greece.
Harry William Thompson (6 February 1960 – 7 November 2005) was an English radio and television producer, comedy writer, novelist and biographer.
Apollonia 6 was a 1980s American female singing trio created by Prince.
Recklinghausen  is the northernmost city in the Ruhr-Area and the capital of the Recklinghausen district. It borders the rural Münsterland and is characterized by large fields and farms in the north and industry in the south. 
Corinthian-Casuals Football Club is a football club based in Tolworth in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames, England. Affiliated to the Surrey County Football Association, they are currently members of the and play at King George's Field.
Glenbrook is a suburb of the Lower Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Australia. It is located 70 kilometres west of Sydney in the local government area of the City of Blue Mountains. At the 2016 Australian census Glenbrook had a population of 5,051 people.
Henricus Antonius Franciscus Maria Oliva "Hans" van Mierlo (; 18 August 1931 – 11 March 2010) was a Dutch politician and co-founder of the Democrats 66 (D66) party and journalist. He was granted the honorary title of Minister of State on 24 October 1998.
The New South Wales Government Railways  was the agency of the Government of New South Wales that administered rail transport in New South Wales, Australia, between 1855 and 1932.
The Public University of Navarre  is a public university created in 1987 by the government of the Spanish autonomous region of Navarre .
Stretford is a town in Trafford, Greater Manchester, England, on flat ground between the River Mersey and the Manchester Ship Canal, southwest of Manchester city centre, south of Salford and northeast of Altrincham. Stretford borders Chorlton-cum-Hardy to the east, Urmston to the west, Salford to the north, and Sale to the south. The Bridgewater Canal bisects the town.
Gianico  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
Unico Wilhelm, Count van Wassenaer Obdam (30 October 1692 - 9 November 1766) was a Dutch nobleman who was a diplomat, composer, and administrator. He reorganized the Bailiwick of Utrecht of the Teutonic Order. 
Albert Louis Hammond OBE (born 18 May 1944) is a Gibraltarian singer, songwriter, and record producer. A prolific songwriter, he collaborated most notably with the songwriters Mike Hazlewood, John Bettis, Diane Warren as well as Holly Knight, Carole Bayer Sager.
Maurice Donald Williamson (born 6 March 1951) is a New Zealand diplomat and former politician who represented Pakuranga in the House of Representatives as a member of the National Party. He held several ministerial portfolios both inside and outside the cabinet: Transport, Communications, Broadcasting, Local Government, Research Science and Technology, Building and Construction, Customs, Small Business, Statistics and Land Information.
Beatsteaks is a punk rock band from Berlin, Germany, formed in 1995.
Patrick Power (19 November 1928 – 14 August 2013) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician.
Julien Benda (26 December 1867 – 7 June 1956) was a French philosopher and novelist. He remains famous for his short book, "La Trahison des Clercs" . He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature four times and one time for the Goncourt Prize.
Beit Lahia or Beit Lahiya  is a city located in the Gaza Strip north of Jabalia, near Beit Hanoun and the 1949 Armistice Line with Israel. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the city had a population of 59,540 in mid-year 2006. 
Impulse Airlines was an independent airline in Australia which operated regional and low cost trunk services between 1992 and 2004. It was acquired by Qantas in 2001 and later formed the basis of Qantas' low-cost airline Jetstar. The airline had its head offices on the grounds of Sydney Airport in Mascot.
Wintersun is a Finnish heavy metal band from Helsinki originally formed as the side project of Jari Mäenpää, then vocalist and guitarist of folk metal band Ensiferum.
Butera  is an Italian town and a "comune" in the province of Caltanissetta, in the southern part of the island of Sicily. It is bounded by the "comuni" of Gela, Licata, Mazzarino, Ravanusa and Riesi. It has a population of 4,653 (2017) and is from Caltanissetta, the province's capital.
William Zorach (February 28, 1889 – November 15, 1966) was a Lithuanian-born American sculptor, painter, printmaker, and writer. He won the Logan Medal of the arts. 
Bretislaus II  (c. 1060 – 22 December 1100) was the Duke of Bohemia from 14 September 1092 until his death. He was the eldest son of King Vratislaus II and Adelaide, daughter of Andrew I of Hungary. 
Slagelse  is a town in Denmark located in west Zealand. It is about 100 km (62 mi) southwest of Copenhagen. 
Monrad Charles Wallgren (April 17, 1891September 18, 1961) was an American politician who served as the 13th Governor of Washington from 1945 to 1949, as well as representing that state in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate.
James Burgon Valentine (born October 5, 1978) is an American musician and songwriter. He is the lead guitarist for the pop rock band Maroon 5.
Deathchain  is a extreme metal band from Kuopio, Finland. The band is signed to Dynamic Arts Records and toured Europe with Candlemass and Destruction in late 2005.
Washington H. Soul Pattinson and Company Limited is an Australian investment company founded by businessman Lewy Pattinson.
Jonathan Kimble Simmons (born January 9, 1955) is an American actor and voice actor. In television, he is known for playing Dr. Emil Skoda on the NBC series "Law & Order", Vernon Schillinger on the HBO series "Oz" and Assistant Police Chief Will Pope on TNT's "The Closer". From 2017 to 2018, he starred as Howard Silk in the Starz series "Counterpart".
New Amsterdam  is one of the largest towns in Guyana, located in the East Berbice-Corentyne Region, from the capital, Georgetown. It is located on the eastern bank of the Berbice River, upriver from its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean, and immediately south of the Canje River. 
Lavenone  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. It is situated on the right bank of the river Chiese, a few km downstream from Lake Idro. 
Longhena is an Italian town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
Manerba del Garda is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. It is located at the southwest side of the Lake Garda.
Monticelli Brusati  is a town and "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
Necrophagist was a German technical death metal band, founded and fronted by guitarist and vocalist Muhammed Suiçmez. The band used classical music influenced compositions paired with extreme metal drumming.
Paul Joseph Mercurio (born 31 March 1963) is an Australian actor, dancer, and TV presenter. Mercurio is best known for his lead role in Baz Luhrmann's "Strictly Ballroom" (1992). His father was the character actor Gus Mercurio.
Westcliff-on-Sea is a suburb of Southend-on-Sea, a seaside resort and unitary authority in Essex in south-east England. It is on the north shore of the lower Thames Estuary, about 34 miles (55 km) east of London.
The town of Carluke  lies in the heart of the Lanarkshire countryside in South Lanarkshire, Scotland, northwest of Lanark and southeast of Wishaw.
Po Toi  is the main island of the Po Toi Islands and the island of Hong Kong, with an area of 3.69 km².
Jacob Millman (1911 in Novohrad-Volynskyi, Ukraine – May 22, 1991 in Longboat Key, Florida) was a professor of Electrical Engineering at Columbia University.
Denny  is a town in the Falkirk council area of Scotland. Historically in Stirlingshire, it is situated west of Falkirk, and north-east of Cumbernauld, adjacent to both the M80 and M876 motorways. At the 2011 census, Denny had a resident population of 7,933.
Harzgerode is a town in the district of Harz in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
Hassan al-Mustadi Ibn Yusuf al-Mustanjid (1142 – 30 March 1180)  was the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 1170 to 1180. He succeeded his father Caliph Al-Mustanjid in 1170 as the Abbasid Caliph.
Vereeniging  is a city in Gauteng province, South Africa, situated where the Klip River empties into the northern loop of the Vaal River. It is also one of the constituent parts of the Vaal Triangle region and was formerly situated in the Transvaal province. 
Kizlyar   is a town in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, located on the border with the Chechen Republic in the delta of the Terek River northwest of Makhachkala, the capital of the republic. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 48,984.
Capital Airlines was an airline serving the eastern, southern, southeastern, and midwestern United States. Capital's headquarters were located at Washington National Airport  across the Potomac river from Washington, D.C. where crew training and aircraft overhauls were also accomplished. 
The Communist Party of Abkhazia   is a political party in Abkhazia, internationally recognized part of Georgia. The party leader is Lev Shamba.
Anthony Tiran Todd (born December 4, 1954) is an American character actor, voice artist, and film producer known for portraying Sergeant Warren in "Platoon" (1986), Kurn in "" (1990–1991), Ben in "Night of the Living Dead" (1990), the titular character in the "Candyman" horror trilogy (1992–1999), William Bludworth in the "Final Destination" franchise (2000–2011), Dan in "The Man From Earth" (2007) and as the voice of The Fallen in "" (2009).
Anthony Richard Pulis (; born 16 January 1958) is a Welsh football manager and former footballer who most recently managed Middlesbrough.
The Chesapeake and Ohio Railway was a Class I railroad formed in 1869 in Virginia from several smaller Virginia railroads begun in the 19th century. Led by industrialist Collis P. Huntington, it reached from Virginia's capital city of Richmond to the Ohio River by 1873, where the railroad town  of Huntington, West Virginia was named for him.
Schwabach  is a German town of about 40,000 inhabitants near Nuremberg in the centre of the region of Franconia in the north of Bavaria. The city is an autonomous administrative district . 
The Nashua River, long, is a tributary of the Merrimack River in Massachusetts and New Hampshire in the United States. It is formed in eastern Worcester County, Massachusetts, by junction of its north and south branches near Lancaster, and flows generally north-northeast past Groton to join the Merrimack at Nashua, New Hampshire. 
Theodore Roosevelt McKeldin (November 20, 1900August 10, 1974) was an American politician. He was a member of the United States Republican Party, served as mayor of Baltimore twice, from 1943 to 1947 and again from 1963 to 1967. McKeldin was the 53rd Governor of Maryland from 1951 to 1959.
Breda  is a city and municipality in the southern part of the Netherlands, located in the province of North Brabant. The name derived from "brede Aa"  and refers to the confluence of the rivers Mark and Aa.
William Preston Lane Jr. (May 12, 1892 – February 7, 1967) was the 52nd Governor of Maryland from 1947 to 1951.
Guitar Center is an American music retailer chain. It is the largest company of its kind in the United States, with 269 locations. Its headquarters is in Westlake Village, California.
Leopold I (also "Luitpold"; – 10 July 994), known as the Illustrious , a member of the House of Babenberg, was Margrave of Austria from 976 until his death. He was the first margrave of the Babenberg dynasty which ruled the March and Duchy of Austria until its extinction in 1246.
South Maluku, officially the Republic of South Maluku, is an unrecognized secessionist republic in the southern Maluku Islands archipelago in Maritime Southeast Asia that claims the islands of Ambon, Buru, and Seram as part of its territory, all of which are currently part of the Indonesian province of Maluku.
Carlos Enrique Lehder Rivas (born September 7, 1949) is a former German-Colombian drug lord who was co-founder of the Medellín Cartel. He is currently imprisoned in the United States. 
KROD (600 AM) is a sports radio station in El Paso, Texas, United States. The station's license is held by Townsquare Media. 
Columbia Power Corporation is a Crown Corporation, owned by the province of British Columbia, Canada. Its mandate is to undertake hydro-electricity projects in the Columbia River region of British Columbia. 
Tantonan is a rural locality in the central south part of the Riverina, New South Wales, Australia. It is situated by road, about 8 kilometres north west from Caldwell and 13 kilometres south east from Bunnaloo.
Torsby Airport is an airport in Torsby, Sweden .
Adalbert Seitz, full name Friedrich Joseph Adalbert Seitz, (24 February 1860 in Mainz – 5 March 1938 in Darmstadt) was a German entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera.
Kirill or Cyril (, , secular name Vladimir Mikhailovich Gundyayev, ; born 20 November 1946) is a Russian Orthodox bishop. He became Patriarch of Moscow and all Rus' and Primate of the Russian Orthodox Church on 1 February 2009.
Century Boulevard is a street in South Los Angeles, extending from Alameda Street in the east to the passenger terminals at Los Angeles International Airport in the west.
The River Went is a river in Yorkshire, England. It rises close to Featherstone and flows eastward, joining the River Don at Reedholme Common.
The Council of Australian University Librarians  is a representation body for Australia's thirty-nine university librarians. It was established as the "Committee of Australian University Librarians" in 1965. 
Three Rivers Community College  is a community college in Norwich, Connecticut, USA, formed in 1992 by the merger of Mohegan Community College and Thames Valley State Technical College. It is named after the three major rivers in the region: the Shetucket, the Yantic and the Thames. 
The Latin American Social Sciences Institute or Latin American School of Social Sciences  is an inter-governmental autonomous organization for Latin America and the Caribbean dedicated to research, teaching and spreading of social sciences.
Roswell Gilbert Horr (November 26, 1830 – December 19, 1896) was a politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.
Henrietta Alexandrine Friederike Wilhelmine of Nassau-Weilburg, then of Nassau  (30 October 1797 Palace Ermitage, Bayreuth – 29 December 1829, Vienna) was the wife of Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen. Her husband was a notable general of the Napoleonic Wars and victor of the Battle of Aspern-Essling against Napoleon I of France.
Khorramabad International Airport is an airport in Khorramabad, Iran.
Sari Dasht-e Naz International Airport  is located in Sari, in Central District of Mazandaran Province, Iran. about northeast of Sari that established in 1947.
Kara Goucher (born Kara Grgas on July 9, 1978) is an American long-distance runner. She was the 10,000 meters silver medalist at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics and represented her country at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and 2012 London Olympics. 
Choi Min-kyung  (born 25 August 1982) is a South Korean short track speed skater.
British Salt Limited is a United Kingdom-based chemical company that produces pure white salt. The company is owned by Tata Chemicals Europe after a buy out from private equity company LDC in April 2010. 
Papanasam Ramayya Sivan (26 September 1890 – 1 October 1973) was a composer of Carnatic music and a singer. He was awarded the Madras Music Academy's Sangeetha Kalanidhi in 1970. 
Otto John Maenchen-Helfen  (July 26, 1894 in Vienna, Austria – January 29, 1969 in Berkeley, California) was an Austrian academic, sinologist, historian, author, and traveler.
Riyan International Airport  is an airport in Mukalla, Yemen.
Lyubomir Miletich  (14 January 1863 – 1 June 1937) was a leading Bulgarian linguist, ethnographer, dialectologist and historian, as well as the chairman of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences from 1926 to his death.
Beihai Fucheng Airport is an airport serving the city of Beihai in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China. It serves primarily domestic destinations within China, with limited international service. 
Dr. Rajendra Prasad Central Agriculture University, formerly Rajendra Agricultural University, is an agriculture university located in Pusa, Samastipur district, Bihar.
The Democratic Party of Indiana is the affiliate of the U.S. Democratic Party in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The Vermont Democratic Party is the affiliate branch of the United States Democratic Party in the state of Vermont. The party advocates progressivism and American liberalism.
Edinburgh University Press is a scholarly publisher of academic books and journals, based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Hopefield is a rural community in the central south part of the Riverina. It is situated by road, about 12 kilometres south west of Balldale and 12 kilometres north east of Corowa. At the 2006 census, Hopefield had a population of 308 people.
Klaus Lindenberger (born 28 May 1957 in Linz, Austria) is a retired Austrian football goalkeeper and former manager of Austrian Bundesliga side LASK Linz.
Colac Bay / Ōraka is a small township situated on the bay of the same name facing Foveaux Strait, and located on the Southern Scenic Route, 10 minutes from Riverton, New Zealand. Surrounding areas include Longwood, Tihaka, Waipango, Round Hill, Wakapatu, Ruahine, Pahia and Orepuki.
Michael Konsel (born 6 March 1962 in Vienna) is a retired Austrian football goalkeeper.
Antonio Giolitti (12 February 1915 – 8 February 2010) was an Italian politician and cabinet member. He was the grandson of Giovanni Giolitti, the well-known liberal statesman of the pre-fascist period who served as Prime Minister of Italy five times.
Saint-Martin-de-Londres is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
The North River is a river in the mountains and Shenandoah Valley of northern Virginia, the United States. It joins the South River at Port Republic to form the South Fork Shenandoah River.
The Berrys River is a long river located in southeastern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Isinglass River, part of the Cocheco River/Piscataqua River watershed leading to the Atlantic Ocean.
The Air Force and Air Defence , was one of three branches of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Yugoslav military. Commonly referred-to as the Yugoslav Air Force, at its height it was among the largest in Europe. The branch was disbanded in 1992 after the Breakup of Yugoslavia.
USA Water Ski is a non-profit water skiing association headquartered in Polk County, Florida consisting of the following organizations:
Sergey Lagutin (; born 14 January 1981) is a professional road racing cyclist, who last rode for UCI Professional Continental team .
Freema Agyeman (; born Frema Agyeman; 20 March 1979) is an English actress who is known for playing Martha Jones in the BBC science fiction series "Doctor Who" and its spin-off series "Torchwood", and Amanita Caplan in the Netflix science fiction drama "Sense8".
The Alabama Symphony Orchestra is a major orchestra based in Birmingham, Alabama.
Coffi Codjia (born December 9, 1967) is a Beninese football referee.
Berkeley City College , formerly Vista Community College, one of the California Community Colleges, is part of the Peralta Community College District. It is centrally located in downtown Berkeley, two blocks west of the UC Berkeley campus. 
The Ethiopian News Agency  is the official news agency of the Government of Ethiopia. It is the oldest news organization in Ethiopia.
Eddy Ouwens (born 30 May 1946, Rotterdam), also known as Danny Mirror, is a Dutch musician and record producer.
Ernest Louis of Hesse-Darmstadt  (15 December 1667 – 12 September 1739) was Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt from 1678 to 1739. His parents were Landgrave Louis VI of Hesse-Darmstadt and Elisabeth Dorothea of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg (1640–1709).
Plattling is a town in the district of Deggendorf, in Bavaria, Germany.
Lucas Pezzini Leiva (born 9 January 1987), known as Lucas or Lucas Leiva , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Italian club Lazio and the Brazil national team.
Ivanec is a town in northern Croatia, located southwest of Varaždin and east of Lepoglava, north of the mountain Ivanščica.
Ozalj  is a town in central Croatia, located north of Karlovac and southwest of Jastrebarsko, on the Kupa River. It is close to Žumberak in the north and the border with Slovenia in the northwest, with Metlika being the closest Slovenian town.
Henry de Beaumont, "jure uxoris" 4th Earl of Buchan and "suo jure" 1st Baron Beaumont (bef. 1280 - 10 March 1340) was a key figure in the Anglo-Scots wars of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, known as the Wars of Scottish Independence.
Isa Yunis oglu Qambar , also known as Isa Gambar or Isa Qambar (born February 24, 1957), is a prominent Azerbaijani politician and leader of the Equality Party "", the largest opposition block in Azerbaijan.
Peter Allan Renshaw Blaker, Baron Blaker, (4 October 1922 – 5 July 2009) was an English Conservative politician.
Moss Lane  is a multi-purpose stadium in Altrincham, Greater Manchester, England. It is currently used primarily for football matches and is the home ground of Altrincham. 
Mount Pleasant is a town situated in the Barossa Council, just north of the Adelaide Hills region of South Australia, 55 kilometres east-north-east of the state capital, Adelaide . It is located in the Barossa Council and Mid Murray Council local government areas, and is at an altitude of 440 metres above sea level. 
The Wyoming Senate is the upper house of the Wyoming State Legislature. There are 30 Senators in the Senate, representing an equal number of constituencies across Wyoming, each with a population of at least 17,000. The Senate meets at the Wyoming State Capitol in Cheyenne.
Robert Wichard Pohl (10 August 1884 – 5 June 1976) was a German physicist at the University of Göttingen. Nevill Francis Mott described him as the "father of solid state physics".
Pacentro is a "comune" of 1279 inhabitants of the province of L'Aquila in Abruzzo, Italy. It is a well-preserved historic medieval village located in the central part of Italy, several kilometers from the City of Sulmona about east of Rome. 
Reidar Andersen (20 April 1911 – 15 December 1991) was a Norwegian ski jumper who competed in the 1930s. He won a ski jumping bronze at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
KODA (99.1 FM, "Sunny 99.1") is a radio station in Houston. Owned by iHeartMedia, it broadcasts an adult contemporary format. Its transmitters are located in Missouri City, Texas, and its studios are located along the West Loop Freeway in Uptown Houston.
"This article is about the actor. For the baseball player, see" Josh Hamilton"."
Teningen is a municipality in the district of Emmendingen, in the state Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is situated on the river Elz, 15 km north of Freiburg.
The University of Guelph-Humber  is a collaboration between the University of Guelph and Humber College and a satellite campus of the University of Guelph.
William H. Clothier, A.S.C. (February 21, 1903 – January 7, 1996) was an American cinematographer.
Robert Olejnik (born 26 November 1986) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Mansfield Town.
The Solomon Islands Party for Rural Advancement  is a political party in the Solomon Islands. 
Zheleznogorsk  is a town in Kursk Oblast, Russia, located northwest of Kursk. Population: 
The Dominican Humanist Party  is a minor humanist political party of the Dominican Republic, without parliamentary representation after the 16 May 2006 election.
Union Sportive de Douala is a Cameroonian football club based in Douala.
Luis von Ahn (; born 19 August 1978) is a Guatemalan entrepreneur and a Consulting Professor in the Computer Science Department at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He is known as one of the pioneers of crowdsourcing. 
Association Sportive Moulins Football 03 Auvergne, commonly known as AS Moulins or simply Moulins, is a French football club based in Moulins. The club was founded in 1927 and its senior team currently plays in the Championnat de France amateur, the fourth tier of the French football league system. 
Belcastel  is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.
The Rocky Branch is a 13.1 mile long (21.1 km) river in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Saco River, which flows to the Atlantic Ocean in Maine.
Vieux-Boucau-les-Bains, in Gascon language Lo Bocau Vielh, is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Donzdorf is a town in the district of Göppingen in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.
Lauffen am Neckar  or simply Lauffen is a town in the district of Heilbronn, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Neckar, southwest of Heilbronn. 
The Lost River Range is a high mountain range of the Rocky Mountains, located in central Idaho, in the northwestern United States.
Stony Clove Creek is a creek in the Catskill Mountains in New York. It is a tributary of Esopus Creek, which in turn is a tributary of the Hudson River. It joins the Esopus in the village of Phoenicia, and has two smaller tributaries up north of Phoenicia.
Bruthen is a small town located alongside the Tambo River between Bairnsdale and Ensay on the Great Alpine Road in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia. At the 2016 census, Bruthen had a population of 814. Bruthen is east of Bairnsdale and east of the state capital Melbourne.
Sabaudia is a coastal town in the province of Latina, Lazio, central Italy. Sabaudia's center is characterized by several examples of Fascist architecture.
Castel San Giovanni  is a town and "comune" in the province of Piacenza, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
Sanluri  is a comune in Sardinia, Italy. It became part of the Province of South Sardinia, following the creation of that local unit in 2016. The territory of Sanluri comprises an area of .
The Midlands Electricity Board was the public sector utility company responsible for electricity generation and electrical infrastructure maintenance in the Midlands of England prior to 1990. As "Midlands Electricity plc" it was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was once a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
KCUR 89.3 is the flagship NPR station in the Kansas City metropolitan area. It is a service of the University of Missouri-Kansas City, and broadcasts at 89.3 MHz with an ERP of 100,000 watts and covers a 90-mile radius in Northwestern Missouri and Northeastern Kansas.
WKJY (98.3 FM "K-Joy 98.3") is a radio station licensed to Hempstead, New York, and serving Nassau County, New York. It broadcasts an adult contemporary music format and is owned by Connoisseur Media. WKJY's studios and offices are located at Airport Plaza in Farmingdale, New York, and its transmitter is located near the Southern State Parkway in Hempstead.
Prien am Chiemsee  dialect []) is a municipality in the Upper Bavarian district of Rosenheim in Germany. The town is a certified air and Kneipp spa on the western shore of the lake of Chiemsee, 16 km (9.3 mi) east of Rosenheim.
Erlenbach am Main  is the largest town in the Miltenberg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia  in Bavaria, Germany. It has a population of around 10,000.
Mirano is a town and "comune" in the province of Venice, Veneto, Italy.
Kleinzee or Kleinsee is a small Village on the west coast of the Northern Cape province in South Africa,
Skinless is an American death metal band from Glens Falls, New York. The band formed in 1992 and disbanded in 2011, but reformed in 2013.
Alexander Meier (born 17 January 1983) is a German footballer who plays for FC St. Pauli as an attacking midfielder or as a forward. He was the 2014–15 Bundesliga top scorer with 19 goals in 26 games.
FC Lviv  is a Ukrainian football club from the city of Lviv. It was initially founded in 2006.
Philip James Younghusband (born 4 August 1987) is a Filipino-British footballer who plays for the Philippines national team. Having played for the Philippines since 2006, Younghusband now captains the side and is currently the national team's top scorer. In the club level, Younghusband last played for the Davao Aguilas.
Jean-Marc Ayrault (; born 25 January 1950) is a French politician who served as Prime Minister of France from 16 May 2012 to 1 April 2014. He later was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2016 to 2017. He previously was Mayor of Nantes from 1989 to 2012 and led the Socialist Party group in the National Assembly from 1997 to 2012.
Hapoel Ashkelon F.C.  is an Israeli football club based in Ashkelon. The club currently competes in Liga Leumit and plays at the 10,000-capacity Sala Stadium.
Bramston Beach is a coastal town and locality in Cairns Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Bramston Beach had a population of 174 people.
Patrice Émery Trovoada (born 18 March 1962) is a São Toméan politician who was Prime Minister of São Tomé and Príncipe from November 2014 to December 2018. He previously served as Prime Minister from February 2008 to June 2008 and again from August 2010 to December 2012.
Kyle Henry Erovre Okposo (born April 16, 1988) is an American professional ice hockey right winger, and alternate captain for the Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League . He was drafted seventh overall in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Islanders, for whom he played from 2008 to 2016.
Bagasara is a municipality in Bagasara Taluka of Amreli district, Gujarat, India. The town is situated on the northern bank of the Satladi river.
Patrick Browne (1720–1790) was an Irish physician and botanist.
Wallace Delois Wattles (; 1860–1911) was an American author. A New Thought writer. 
Anniken Scharning Huitfeldt (born 29 November 1969) is a Norwegian historian and politician for the Labour Party.
Art LaFleur (born September 9, 1943) is an American character actor.
Premier Christian Radio is a British Christian radio station, part of Premier  which is in turn wholly owned by the charity Premier Christian Media Trust.
Club Deportivo Universidad de Oviedo is the football club of the University of Oviedo, based in Oviedo, Asturias. Founded in 1961, it plays in Tercera División – Group 2, holding home games at "Estadio Universitario San Gregorio", with a capacity of 4,000 seats.
The International Black Sea University   was established in 1995 in Tbilisi, Georgia and was opened by the second president of Georgia Eduard Shevardnadze and the former prime minister of Turkey Tansu Çiller in accordance with the decree of the Council of Ministers and the License of Opening given by the Ministry of Education of Georgia.
D.B. Milne Field is a multi-purpose stadium on the campus of Jacksonville University in Jacksonville, Florida. It is home to the Jacksonville Dolphins college football team. The facility has a seating capacity of 5,000 and opened in 1998.
Gilad Shalit (, "Gilˁad Šaliṭ", born 28 August 1986) is a former MIA soldier of the Israel Defense Forces  who on 25 June 2006, was captured by Hamas militants in a cross-border raid via underground tunnels near the Israeli border. Hamas held him captive for over five years, until his release on 18 October 2011 as part of a prisoner exchange deal.
The Imam Sadegh University or Imam Sadiq University is an Iranian university in Tehran, off of Chamran Expressway, that was headed by Mohammad-Reza Mahdavi Kani.
Olga Mykolayivna Savchuk (; born 20 September 1987) is a professional tennis player from Ukraine. Savchuk grew up the city of Makiyivka in Donetsk province. She currently resides in Nassau, Bahamas.
Jan Tore Sanner (born 6 May 1965) is a Norwegian politician for the Conservative Party and was Minister of Local Government from 2013 to 2018. He was later appointed as Minister of Education on 17 January 2018.
Novosokolniki  is a town and the administrative center of Novosokolnichesky District in Pskov Oblast, Russia, located on the Maly Udray River at the junction of the St. Petersburg–Kiev and Moscow–Riga railways, southeast of Pskov, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Domingo Ortiz de Rosas y García de Villasuso, 1st Marquis of Poblaciones  (1683–1756) was a Spanish soldier who served as governor of Chile.
Andrey Vitalievich Korotayev (; born 17 February 1961) is a Russian anthropologist, economic historian, comparative political scientist, demographer and sociologist, with major contributions to world-systems theory, cross-cultural studies, Near Eastern history, Big History, and mathematical modelling of social and economic macrodynamics.
Sahand University of Technology   is a leading engineering school in Iran. Located in the northwest of Iran, 20 km southwest of Tabriz in Sahand satellite city, offering both undergraduate and postgraduate studies. 
Renata of Lorraine (20 April 1544 – 22 May 1602), was by birth a member of the House of Lorraine and by marriage Duchess of Bavaria.
Jean-Pierre Vernant (; January 4, 1914 – January 9, 2007) was a French historian and anthropologist, specialist in ancient Greece. Influenced by Claude Lévi-Strauss, Vernant developed a structuralist approach to Greek myth, tragedy, and society which would itself be influential among classical scholars. He was an honorary professor at the Collège de France.
Pierre Maurice Joseph Cossette (December 15, 1923 – September 11, 2009) was a television executive producer and Broadway producer. Cossette produced the first television broadcast of the Grammy Awards in 1971.
The Silver Party was a political party in the United States active from 1892 until 1911 and most successful in Nevada which supported a platform of bimetallism and free silver.
WSWW (1490 AM, "ESPN 1490") is one of two Charleston Sports AM stations. WSWW carries ESPN Radio, and is owned by the West Virginia Radio Corporation. 
Swinburne University of Technology Sarawak Campus is the foreign branch campus of Swinburne University in Melbourne, Australia and is located in Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia. Established in 2000, Swinburne Sarawak operates as a partnership between the Sarawak State Government and Swinburne Australia. 
Pustoshka  is a town and the administrative center of Pustoshkinsky District in Pskov Oblast, Russia, located on the Krupeya River, southeast of Pskov, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
The College of Applied Health Sciences , formerly known as the College of Applied Life Studies, is an undergraduate and graduate school at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. It can trace it roots back to 1895, with the foundation of the Department of Physical Training for Men. 
John of Gravina (1294 – 5 April 1336), Count of Gravina 1315–1336, Prince of Achaea 1318-1332, Duke of Durazzo 1332–1336 and ruler of the Kingdom of Albania , was a younger son of Charles II of Naples and Maria of Hungary.
Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences  is a medical school in Khuzestan Province of Iran.
Alexander Jesse Norman (born 23 June 1962) is a British Conservative Party politician serving as Paymaster General and Financial Secretary to the Treasury since 2019, and has served as Member of Parliament  for Hereford and South Herefordshire since 2010.
The Sunshine Underground  were an English alternative dance band based in Leeds. Their style developed from indie, alternative to electronic music, and they released four full-length albums; "Raise the Alarm" (2006), "Nobody's Coming to Save You" (2010), "The Sunshine Underground" (2014) and their farewell album, "Luminescent" (2016). 
Brooke Magnanti (born 5 November 1975) is an American-born naturalised British former research scientist, blogger, and writer, who, until her identity was revealed in November 2009, was known by the pen name Belle de Jour. While completing her doctoral studies, between 2003 and 2004, Magnanti supplemented her income by working as a London call girl known by the working name Taro.
Titus Malachi Bramble (born 31 July 1981) is an English footballer who plays for Stowmarket Town. He is also an academy coach at Ipswich Town. He plays as a centre-back.
Hans Mommsen (5 November 1930 – 5 November 2015) was a German historian, known for his studies in German social history, and for his functionalist interpretation of the Third Reich, especially for arguing that Hitler was a weak dictator. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.
Marco Pannella (born Giacinto Pannella; 2 May 1930 – 19 May 2016) was an Italian politician, journalist and activist. He was well known in his country for his nonviolence and civil rights' campaigns, like the right to divorce, the right to abortion, the legalization of cannabis and the definitive abolition of nuclear power. 
Nantay Pty. Ltd., trading as Maroomba Airlines, is a small airline and air charter company based in Western Australia. 
George Morgan Thomson, Baron Thomson of Monifieth, KT, PC, DL, FRSE (16 January 1921 – 3 October 2008) was a journalist and British politician who served as a Labour Party MP. He was a member of Harold Wilson's cabinet, and later became a European Commissioner.
Arcachon  is a commune in the southwestern French department of Gironde. It is a popular seaside resort on the Atlantic coast southwest of Bordeaux, in the Landes forest. 
KSEE, virtual channel 24 (UHF digital channel 38), is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Fresno, California, United States. The station is owned by the Nexstar Media Group, as part of a duopoly with CBS affiliate KGPE (channel 47). 
Rimini Football Club 1912 is an Italian association football club based in Rimini, Emilia-Romagna.
FedEx Express, formerly Federal Express, is a cargo airline based in Memphis, Tennessee, United States. It is the world's largest airline in terms of freight tons flown and the world's ninth largest in terms of fleet size. 
The Union and Liberty Party  is a political party in San Luis Province, Argentina. Independent of the Justicialist Party, it nevertheless defines itself as Peronist and supports the administration of dissident Peronist governor Alberto Rodríguez Saá with several leading PUL figures serving in the provincial government. 
Ignatius Kung Pin-Mei (; 2 August 1901 – 12 March 2000) was the Catholic Bishop of Shanghai, China, from 1950 until his death in 2000. He spent 30 years in Chinese prisons for defying attempts by China's Communist government to control Catholics in the country through the government-approved Chinese Patriotic Catholic Association.
Gregory II of Cyprus (, 1241–1290) was Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople between 1283–1289.
Spectrum News Central New York  is an American cable news television channel that is owned by Charter Communications, as an affiliate of its Spectrum News slate of regional news channels. The channel provides 24-hour rolling news coverage focused primarily on central portions of upstate New York. The channel is based in downtown Syracuse, New York out of the former New York Central Railroad Passenger and Freight Station building along Interstate 690.
Simeon De Witt (December 25, 1756 – December 3, 1834) was Geographer and Surveyor General of the Continental Army during the American Revolution and Surveyor General of the State of New York for the fifty years from 1784 until his death.
Democratic Liberal Party of Armenia or in abbreviation ADLA , was an Armenian political party established in Armenia after the declaration of independence in July 1991. The party launched unification talks with Armenakan-Democratic Liberal Party on 1 December 2011. 
The Democrats  were a minor Austrian political party.
Sivasagar  , previously spelled Sibsagar, , is a city in the Sivasagar District of Assam, about northeast of Guwahati. It is the headquarters of the Sivasagar district. This city is surrounded by the Dehing rainforest, where the Dihing  and Lohit rivers meet.
Louveciennes is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is located in the western suburbs of Paris, between Versailles and Saint-Germain-en-Laye, and adjacent to Marly-le-Roi.
Carlos Alberto Wahnon de Carvalho Veiga (; born October 21, 1949 in Mindelo) is a Cape Verdean politician. He was Prime Minister of Cape Verde from April 4, 1991 to July 29, 2000.
Saltcoats Victoria Football Club are a Scottish football club based in the town of Saltcoats, North Ayrshire. Nicknamed "the Seasiders", the club were originally formed in 1889 and play at Campbell Park. 
Bernd Eichinger (11 April 194924 January 2011) was a German film producer, director and screenwriter.
Kilburn and the High Roads were a British pub rock band formed by Ian Dury in 1970, and the first band formed by Dury. The band released one studio album in 1975 before disbanding the same year. AllMusic credits the band with being "an undeniable influence on punk and new wave". 
Jack Lee Ging (born November 30, 1931 in Alva, Oklahoma) is an American actor, best known as General Harlan "Bull" Fulbright on NBC's television adventure series "The A-Team".
David Patrick Kelly (born January 23, 1951) is an American actor and musician who has appeared in numerous films and television series. He is best known for his role as Luther, the main antagonist in the cult film "The Warriors" (1979). Kelly is also known for his collaborations with Spike Lee, in the films "Malcolm X" (1992), "Crooklyn" (1994), and "Chi-Raq" (2015), and with David Lynch, appearing in "Wild at Heart" (1990) as well as "Twin Peaks" (1990–91) and its 2017 revival.
Mark Peter Begich (; born March 30, 1962) is an American politician who was a United States Senator from Alaska from 2009 to 2015. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously was Mayor of Anchorage from 2003 to 2009.
Leslie Barbara Ashton  (June 6, 1986 – January 31, 2012) was an American pop singer best known as the sister of Backstreet Boys member Nick Carter and singer Aaron Carter.
The Fife Socialist League  was a minor left-wing political party which existed in Fife, Scotland from 1957 until 1964. It was associated politically with the British New Left and the journal "New Reasoner", an antecedent of the present-day "New Left Review". 
Ilona Mitrecey (born 1 September 1993 in Fontenay-aux-Roses, Hauts-de-Seine), more commonly known as Ilona, is a French singer.
Giacomo Agostini (born 16 June 1942) is an Italian multi-time world champion Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. Nicknamed Ago, with an absolute record of 122 Grand Prix wins and 15 World Championships titles. 
Tofiq Bahramov (; ; 29 January 1925 – 26 March 1993), in England often incorrectly referred to as "the Russian linesman", was a Soviet footballer and football referee from Azerbaijan.
TM Net is an Internet service provider in Malaysia. As of 2009, it was the only fixed line broadband provider in Malaysia It also provides Internet Protocol television and other multimedia services. 
WFOX-TV, virtual channel 30 (UHF digital channel 32), is a Fox-affiliated television station licensed to Jacksonville, Florida, United States. The station is owned by the Cox Media Group subsidiary of Atlanta-based Cox Enterprises, which also operates CBS affiliate WJAX-TV (channel 47) under joint sales and shared services agreements with owner Hoffman Communications. 
Rutherglen Glencairn Football Club is a Scottish football club based in Rutherglen, South Lanarkshire, near Glasgow. Nicknamed "The Glens" and formed in 1896, they play at The Celsius Stadium .
Blantyre Victoria Football Club are a Scottish football club based in the town of Blantyre, South Lanarkshire. Nicknamed "the Vics", they were formed in 1890 and play at KG Stadium where their record attendance is 6,000. 
Thorniewood United Football Club are a Scottish football club, based in Viewpark, North Lanarkshire. Formed in 1924, they compete in the West Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association. Their home ground is Robertson Park and the team colours are all red.
The Abuna River  is a river in South America. As a part of the Amazon Basin, it forms part of the border between northern Bolivia and north-western Brazil.
Jorge Arturo Agustín Medina Estévez (born 23 December 1926) is a Chilean Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Cardinal Protodeacon until 23 February 2007. He was Prefect of the Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments from 1996 to 2002.
Kevin Heffernan (born May 25, 1968) is an American actor, writer, producer, and director, and member of the Broken Lizard comedy group.
Proximus  is the largest of Belgium's three mobile telecommunications companies and is a part of Proximus Group . It competes with Orange Belgium and Telenet.
Juliet Anne Virginia Stevenson, (born 30 October 1956) is an English actress of stage and screen. She is known for her role in the film "Truly, Madly, Deeply" (1991), for which she was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. 
Andrew Jackson Donelson (August 25, 1799 – June 26, 1871) was an American diplomat. He served in various positions as a Democrat and was the Know Nothing nominee for Vice President of the United States in 1856.
Charles Bent (November 11, 1799 – January 19, 1847) was appointed as the first civilian Governor of the newly acquired New Mexico Territory by military Governor Stephen Watts Kearny in September 1846.
Farmfoods Limited is a British frozen food supermarket chain based in Cumbernauld, Scotland. The company has expanded throughout the United Kingdom, and has over 300 stores.
Chyler Leigh West (pronounced ; born Potts; April 10, 1982), known professionally as Chyler Leigh, is an American actress, singer and model. She is known for portraying Janey Briggs in the comedy film "Not Another Teen Movie" (2001), Lexie Grey in the ABC medical drama series "Grey's Anatomy" (2007–2012), and Alex Danvers in the DC Comics superhero series "Supergirl" (2015–present).
The Columbia Sportswear Company is an American company that manufactures and distributes outerwear, sportswear, and footwear, as well as headgear, camping equipment, ski apparel, and outerwear accessories.
Richeza of Poland   (c. 1140 – 16 June 1185) was a Polish princess of the House of Piast in the Silesian branch. By her marriages she was Queen consort of León and Castile, Countess of Provence, and Countess of Eberstein.
Carl Franklin (born April 11, 1949) is an American actor, screenwriter, producer, film and television director. Franklin is a graduate of University of California, Berkeley, and continued his education at the AFI Conservatory, where he graduated with an M.F.A. degree in directing in 1986.
Harry Edward "Buddy" Jeannette (September 15, 1917 – March 11, 1998) was an American professional basketball player and coach.
Andrei Pavel (born 27 January 1974) is a Romanian tennis coach and former professional tennis player. He is currently coaching the no. 60 male tennis player Marius Copil.
Xtra Airways was a charter airline based in Coral Gables, Florida. The airline was certified by the United States FAA to conduct domestic and international operations, and by the Chile DGAC to conduct domestic operations using Boeing 737 aircraft. 
The Great Consolidated Popular Party is a political party in Ghana.
D.I. is a Southern California punk band featuring ex-Adolescents and Social Distortion drummer Casey Royer on vocals. Royer formed the band with Rikk Agnew , after they left the original lineup of Social Distortion.
Nobby is a small town and locality on the Darling Downs in the Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia. It is located halfway between Toowoomba and Warwick. In the 2011 census, Nobby had a population of 484 people.
Robert Trent "Bobby" Jones Jr. (born July 24, 1939) is an American golf course architect. He is the son of golf course designer Robert Trent Jones and the brother of golf course designer Rees Jones.
The Republican Party of Guam, commonly referred to as Guam GOP , is a political party in Guam affiliated with the United States Republican Party.
Gaudencio Borbon Rosales (born August 10, 1932) is a Roman Catholic Cardinal who was Archbishop of Manila, succeeding Jaime Sin in 2003, and succeeded by Luis Antonio Tagle in 2011. Being the Metropolitan of the ecclesiastical province of Manila, he was the 31st archbishop of Manila and the fourth native Filipino to hold the post, following centuries of Spanish, American, and Irish prelates. 
Lewis Galoob Toys, Inc. was a toy company headquartered in South San Francisco, California. They are perhaps best known for creating Micro Machines and distributing the Game Genie in the United States.
Pearl Street is a street in the Financial District in Lower Manhattan, running northeast from Battery Park to the Brooklyn Bridge with an interruption at Fulton Street, where Pearl Street's alignment west of Fulton Street shifts one block south of its alignment east of Fulton Street, then turning west and terminating at Centre Street.
Dimitrovgrad  is a town and municipality located in the Pirot District of southeastern Serbia. According to 2011 census, the municipality of Dimitrovgrad has a population of 10,118 people and the town 6,278.
Trubchevsk  is a town and the administrative center of Trubchevsky District in Bryansk Oblast, Russia, located about south of the city of Bryansk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
The TJX Companies, Inc. is an American multinational off-price department store corporation, headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts. It remained from the original Zayre Corp. that was established in 1956. Of its banners, HomeGoods, TJ Maxx, and Sierra operate in the United States; Winners operates in Canada; and HomeSense, Marshalls, and TK Maxx operate in multiple countries.
Delta Air Transport  was an airline headquartered in Antwerp, Belgium, operating scheduled and chartered flights, mostly on short-haul routes. It served a multitude of regional European destinations on behalf of Sabena during the 1990s and early 2000s.
The American Letter Mail Company was started by Lysander Spooner in 1844, competing with the presumed legal monopoly of the United States Post Office .
The Sheyenne River is one of the major tributaries of the Red River of the North, meandering across eastern North Dakota, United States.
Sargodha  is the 12th largest city in Pakistan. It is also an administrative centre of Sargodha Division located in the Punjab province, Pakistan and one of the fastest growing cities in Pakistan. 
The Company pays Disney for character and likeness licenses and royalties, and Disney consults and contracts out Imagineers to the company to design and build Tokyo Disneyland Park as well as a second theme park, Tokyo DisneySea. The Oriental Land Company is the only Disney Resort business company in the world that has no capital relationship with Disney.
Estella Marie Thompson (born August 9, 1969), also known as Divine Brown, is an American former prostitute who gained public attention in 1995 when actor Hugh Grant was caught receiving oral sex from her in his car on Hollywood's Sunset Boulevard. Thompson has remained in the public eye since then through work in pornography, television appearances and newspaper interviews.
Antarctic Press is a United States, San Antonio-based comic book publishing company which publishes "Amerimanga" style comic books.
Hugh ( 1074 – c.1125) was the Count of Champagne from 1093 until his death.
Forum for the Restoration of Democracy was a political party and a movement against the one-party system in Kenya. However, it split before the 1992 General elections, the first multiparty elections held in Kenya.
The Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology in London is part of University College London Museums and Collections. The museum contains over 80,000 objects and ranks among some of the world's leading collections of Egyptian and Sudanese material.
The Basotho National Party is a political party in Lesotho, founded in the 1959 as the Basutoland National Party by Leabua Jonathan. He was Prime Minister from 1965 until the coup of 1986.
Paul di Resta (born 16 April 1986) is a British racing driver from Scotland who drove in Formula One from to , became a reserve driver for the Williams F1 team in driving a single race for them as a substitute driver in . A former DTM and Formula 3 Euroseries champion, di Resta did not secure a Formula One drive for 2014, and rejoined Mercedes to race again in the DTM.
Amy Deloris Van Dyken-Rouen (born February 15, 1973) is an American former competitive swimmer, Olympic champion, former world record-holder, and national radio sports talk show co-host. She won six Olympic gold medals in her career, four of which she won at the 1996 Summer Olympics, making her the first American woman to accomplish such a feat and the most successful athlete at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She won gold in the 50-meter freestyle, 100-meter butterfly, 4×100-meter freestyle relay, and 4×100-meter medley relay.
The Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall, also known as Wan Qing Yuan, and formerly as the Sun Yat Sen Villa, is a two-story colonial style villa in Balestier, Singapore. The villa is now a museum commemorating Sun Yat Sen (1866–1925), the founding father of the Republic of China who visited Singapore nine times between 1900 and 1911.
Franz Xaver Winterhalter (20 April 1805 – 8 July 1873) was a German painter and lithographer, known for his portraits of royalty in the mid-19th century. His name has become associated with fashionable court portraiture. Among his best known works are "Empress Eugénie Surrounded by her Ladies in Waiting" (1855) and the portraits he made of Empress Elisabeth of Austria (1865).
Taxiride is an Australian rock band. Formed in 1997, the band consists of Dan Hall, Jason Singh, Tim Watson and Tim Wild.
Cadwallader David Colden (April 4, 1769 – February 7, 1834) was an American politician who served as the 54th Mayor of New York City and a U.S. Representative from New York.
Doris Helen Kearns Goodwin (born January 4, 1943) is an American biographer, historian, and political commentator.
WCAI/90.1—Woods Hole, Massachusetts, WNAN/91.1—Nantucket, and WZAI/94.3—Brewster, are National Public Radio member radio stations serving the Cape Cod and Islands area of southeast Massachusetts. They broadcast primarily news and information programming and are owned by the WGBH Educational Foundation in Boston.
Pittsburgh Theological Seminary is a Presbyterian graduate seminary in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1794, it houses one of the largest theological libraries in the tri-state area.
Halil Mutlu  on July 14, 1973 in Postnik, Bulgaria) is a professional Turkish weightlifter with several World and Olympic championships. Mutlu is one of the four weightlifters achieving three consecutive gold medals at the Olympic Games. 
Glace Bay  is a community in the eastern part of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia, Canada. It forms part of the general area referred to as Industrial Cape Breton.
KENS, virtual channel 5 (UHF digital channel 29), is a CBS-affiliated television station licensed to San Antonio, Texas, United States. The station is owned by Tegna Inc. KENS' studios are located on Fredericksburg Road (Spur 345) in the Mockingbird Hill neighborhood of northwest San Antonio, and its transmitter is located off U.S. 181 in northwest Wilson County . 
Stephen  Kim Sou-hwan (May 8, 1922 – February 16, 2009) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the former Archbishop of Seoul, South Korea. Having been an iconic figure in South Korea's bloody and tumultuous transition from military rule to democracy, he was widely respected across all sections in South Korean society.
Madison Area Technical College   is a public technical and community college based in Madison, Wisconsin. It serves students in parts of 12 counties in south-central Wisconsin: Adams, Columbia, Dane, Dodge, Green, Iowa, Jefferson, Juneau, Marquette, Richland, Rock, and Sauk. Campus locations include several throughout the city of Madison and four regional sites in the cities of Reedsburg, Watertown, Fort Atkinson, and Portage.
Linden Airport is a mile southeast of downtown Linden, in Union County, New Jersey. Also known as Linden Municipal Airport, it is next to U.S. Route 1&9. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a general aviation "reliever airport".
The water castle of Bourtzi  is a Venetian castle located in the middle of the harbour of Nafplio.
Kristen Nygaard (27 August 1926 – 10 August 2002) was a Norwegian computer scientist, programming language pioneer, and politician. Internationally Nygaard is acknowledged as the co-inventor of object-oriented programming and the programming language Simula with Ole-Johan Dahl in the 1960s. Nygaard and Dahl received the 2001 A. M. Turing Award for their contribution to computer science.
Maria Kondratyevna Gorokhovskaya (, ; 17 October 1921 – 22 July 2001) was a Soviet gymnast of Jewish descent. At the 1952 Summer Olympics, she won seven medals, the most medals won by any woman in a single Olympics.
Carl von Ossietzky (3 October 1889 – 4 May 1938) was a German pacifist and the recipient of the 1935 Nobel Peace Prize for his work in exposing the clandestine German re-armament.
Philippikos or Philippicus  was Emperor of the Byzantine Empire from 711 to 713.
John III Doukas Vatatzes, Latinized as Ducas Vatatzes (, "Iōannēs III Doukas Vatatzēs", c. 1193, Didymoteicho – 3 November 1254, Nymphaion), was Emperor of Nicaea from 1222 to 1254. He was succeeded by his son, known as Theodore II Laskaris.
Chinon  is a commune located in the Indre-et-Loire department in the Region Centre, France. The regional area is called the Touraine, which is known as the "garden of France".
Joseph Isadore Lieberman (; born February 24, 1942) is an American politician, lobbyist and attorney who served as a United States Senator from Connecticut from 1989 to 2013. A former member of the Democratic Party, he was its nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2000 election. During his final term in office he was officially listed as an independent Democrat and caucused with and chaired committees for the Democratic Party.
Licinius I (; ; c. 263 – 325) was a Roman emperor from 308 to 324. For most of his reign he was the colleague and rival of Constantine I, with whom he co-authored the Edict of Milan that granted official toleration to Christians in the Roman Empire. 
Livia Drusilla (Classical Latin: , ; 30 January 58 BC – 28 September AD 29), also known as Julia Augusta after her formal adoption into the Julian family in AD 14, was the wife of the Roman emperor Augustus throughout his reign, as well as his adviser. She was the mother of the emperor Tiberius, paternal grandmother of the emperor Claudius, paternal great-grandmother of the emperor Caligula, and maternal great-great-grandmother of the emperor Nero. 
Decius (; ; c. 201June 251), also known as Trajan Decius, was Roman Emperor from 249 to 251.
Mauretania  is the Latin name for a region in the ancient Maghreb. It stretched from central present-day Algeria westwards to the Atlantic, covering northern Morocco, and southward to the Atlas Mountains. 
Cato the Elder (; ; 234–149 BC), born and also known as , , and , was a Roman soldier, senator and historian known for his conservatism and opposition to Hellenization. He was the first to write history in Latin.
Steen Eiler Rasmussen, Hon. FAIA (9 January 1898 – 19 June 1990) was a Danish architect and urban planner who was a professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts, and a prolific writer of books and poetry. 
Giovanni da Verrazzano (, sometimes also spelled Verrazano; 1485–1528) was an Italian explorer of North America, in the service of King Francis I of France.
Nicomedes II Epiphanes  was the king of Bithynia from 149 to c. 127 BC. He was fourth in descent from Nicomedes I. Nicomedes II was the son and successor of Prusias II and Apame IV. 
Gaius Cassius Longinus (; October 3, before 85 BC – October 3, 42 BC), often referred to as Cassius, was a Roman senator and general best known as a leading instigator of the plot to assassinate Julius Caesar. He was also the brother-in-law of Marcus Junius Brutus, another leader of the conspiracy. He commanded troops with Brutus during the Battle of Philippi against the combined forces of Mark Antony and Octavian, Caesar's former supporters, and committed suicide after being defeated by Mark Antony.
Disney Channel (originally called The Disney Channel from 1983 to 1997 and commonly shortened to Disney from 1997 to 2002) is an American pay television channel that serves as the flagship property of owner Disney Channels Worldwide unit of the Walt Disney Television subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.
The University of North Carolina at Greensboro , also known as UNC Greensboro, is a public coeducational and Research university in Greensboro, North Carolina, United States and is a constituent institution of the University of North Carolina system. However, UNCG, like all members of the UNC system, is a stand-alone university and awards its own degrees. UNCG is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award baccalaureate, masters, specialist and doctoral degrees.
Carleton Stevens Coon (June 23, 1904 – June 3, 1981) was an American physical anthropologist, Professor of Anthropology at the University of Pennsylvania, lecturer and professor at Harvard University, and president of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists. Coon's theories on race are widely rejected by modern anthropologists for unsubstantiated claims of European superiority to all other races.
Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey (1516/1517 – 19 January 1547), KG, , was an English nobleman, politician, and poet. He was one of the founders of English Renaissance poetry and the last known execution by King Henry VIII. 
Francisco "Paco" Gento López (born 21 October 1933) is a former Spanish football player, who played as a left winger.
Tarascon , sometimes referred to as Tarascon-sur-Rhône, is a commune situated at the extreme west of the Bouches-du-Rhône department of France in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Inhabitants are referred to as Tarasconnais or Tarasconnaises. 
Amador County, is a county in the U.S. state of California, in the Sierra Nevada. As of the 2010 census, the population was 38,091. The county seat is Jackson.
Igor Yevgenyevich Tamm (; 8 July 1895 – 12 April 1971) was a Soviet physicist who received the 1958 Nobel Prize in Physics, jointly with Pavel Alekseyevich Cherenkov and Ilya Mikhailovich Frank, for their 1934 discovery of Cherenkov radiation.
William Joseph Westmoreland (March 26, 1914 – July 18, 2005) was a United States Army general, most notably commander of United States forces during the Vietnam War from 1964 to 1968. He served as Chief of Staff of the United States Army from 1968 to 1972.
The Government of Sri Lanka   is a semi-presidential system determined by the Sri Lankan Constitution. It administers the island from both its commercial capital of Colombo and the administrative capital of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Lassen County is a county in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 34,895. The county seat and only incorporated city is Susanville.
Maurice Harold Macmillan, 1st Earl of Stockton, (10 February 1894 – 29 December 1986) was a British Conservative Party statesman who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1957 to 1963. Dubbed "Supermac", he was known for his pragmatism, wit and unflappability.
Racing Club de Ferrol is a Spanish football team based in Ferrol, Province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia.
Assisi  is a town and "comune" of Italy in the Province of Perugia in the Umbria region, on the western flank of Monte Subasio.
Sir George Cayley, 6th Baronet (27 December 1773 – 15 December 1857) was an English engineer, inventor, and aviator. He is one of the most important people in the history of aeronautics. 
San Joaquin County , officially the County of San Joaquin is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 685,306. The county seat is Stockton.
Sutter County is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 94,737. The county seat is Yuba City.
The Swatch Group Ltd is a Swiss manufacturer of watches and jewellery. The company was founded in 1983 by Nicolas Hayek from the merger of Allgemeine Gesellschaft der Schweizerischen Uhrenindustrie  and Société Suisse pour l'Industrie Horlogère , in order to cope with the quartz crisis and save the Swiss watchmaking industry.
Polygnotus  was an ancient Greek painter from the middle of the 5th century BC. 
Club Deportivo Numancia de Soria, S.A.D. is a Spanish football club based in Soria, in the autonomous community of Castile and León. Founded on 9 April 1945, it plays in "Segunda División", holding home games at "Nuevo Estadio Los Pajaritos".
Ernst Lubitsch (; January 29, 1892November 30, 1947) was a German American film director, producer, writer, and actor. His urbane comedies of manners gave him the reputation of being Hollywood's most elegant and sophisticated director; as his prestige grew, his films were promoted as having "the Lubitsch touch". Among his best known works are "Trouble in Paradise", "Ninotchka", "The Shop Around the Corner" and "To Be or Not to Be".
Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner (born 2 October 1951), known as Sting, is an English musician and actor. He was the principal songwriter, lead singer, and bassist for the new wave rock band the Police from 1977 to 1984, and launched a solo career in 1985. He has included elements of rock, jazz, reggae, classical, new-age and worldbeat in his music. 
The Var  is a river located in the southeast of France.
Ptolemy II Philadelphus (, "Ptolemaîos Philádelphos" "Ptolemy, lover of his sister"; 308/9–246 BCE) was the pharaoh of Ptolemaic Egypt from 283 to 246 BCE. He was the son of Ptolemy I Soter, the Macedonian Greek general of Alexander the Great who founded the Ptolemaic Kingdom after the death of Alexander, and queen Berenice I, originally from Macedon in northern Greece. 
Charente  is a department in southwestern France, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, named after the Charente River, the most important river in the department, and also the river beside which the department's two largest towns, Angoulême and Cognac, are sited.
Clemens Wenzeslaus Brentano (also Klemens; pseudonym: Clemens Maria Brentano ; ; 9 September 1778 – 28 July 1842) was a German poet and novelist, and a major figure of German Romanticism. He was the uncle, via his brother Christian, of Franz and Lujo Brentano.
Theodor Fontane (; 30 December 1819 – 20 September 1898) was a German novelist and poet, regarded by many as the most important 19th-century German-language realist author.
Aubusson  is a commune in the Creuse department region in central France.
Los Chicos  were a popular boy band in Puerto Rico, South America and in Central America, created to rival Menudo's success.
Alain Lipietz (born September 19, 1947 as Alain Guy Lipiec) is a French engineer, economist and politician, a former Member of the European Parliament, and a member of the French Green Party. He has, however, been suspended from the party since 25 March 2014 and is an elected local politician in Val de Bièvre, Paris, France.
Ejnar Hertzsprung (; 8 October 1873 – 21 October 1967) was a Danish chemist and astronomer born in Copenhagen. In the period 1911–1913, together with Henry Norris Russell, he developed the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram.
Digital Research, Inc.  was a company created by Gary Kildall to market and develop his CP/M operating system and related 8-bit, 16-bit and 32-bit systems like MP/M, Concurrent DOS, FlexOS, Multiuser DOS, DOS Plus, DR DOS and GEM. It was the first large software company in the microcomputer world. Digital Research was based in Pacific Grove, California.
Shalmaneser III  was king of Assyria (859–824 BC), and son of the previous ruler, Ashurnasirpal II.
Diane de Poitiers (3 September 1499 – 25 April 1566) was a French noblewoman and a prominent courtier at the courts of kings Francis I and Henry II. 
Hiram I  
Schuyler Colfax Jr. (; March 23, 1823 – January 13, 1885) was an American journalist, businessman, and politician who served as the 17th vice president of the United States from 1869 to 1873, and prior to that as the 25th speaker of the House of Representatives from 1863 to 1869. A member of the Republican Party (after the Whig Party's demise in the early 1850s), he was the U.S. Representative for from 1855 to 1869.
Chow Yun-fat (born 18 May 1955), previously known as Donald Chow, is a Hong Kong actor best known in Asia for his collaborations with filmmaker John Woo in the action heroic bloodshed-genre films "A Better Tomorrow", "The Killer", and "Hard Boiled", and in the West for his roles as Li Mu-bai in "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" and Sao Feng in "". He mainly plays in dramatic films and has won three Hong Kong Film Awards for Best Actor and two Golden Horse Awards for Best Actor in Taiwan.
Loretta Jane Swit (born November 4, 1937) is an American stage and television actress known for her character roles. Swit is best known for her portrayal of Major Margaret "Hot Lips" Houlihan on "M*A*S*H", for which she won two Emmy Awards.
The 77s (alternatively spelled the Seventy Sevens or the 77's) is an American rock band consisting of Michael Roe on vocals/guitar, Mark Harmon on bass guitar, and Bruce Spencer on drums.
Bananarama is an English female pop music vocal duo, originally formed as a trio in London in 1981 by friends Sara Dallin, Siobhan Fahey and Keren Woodward. Their success on both pop and dance charts saw them listed in the "Guinness World Records" for achieving the world's highest number of chart entries by an all-female group. 
Andrey Nikolaevich Kolmogorov (, 25 April 1903 – 20 October 1987) was a Soviet mathematician who made significant contributions to the mathematics of probability theory, topology, intuitionistic logic, turbulence, classical mechanics, algorithmic information theory and computational complexity.
Cleopatra I Syra (Greek: Κλεοπάτρα Σύρα; c. 204 – 176 BC) was a princess of the Seleucid Empire, Queen of Ptolemaic Egypt by marriage to Ptolemy V of Egypt, and regent of Egypt during the minority of their son, Ptolemy VI, from her husband’s death in 180 BC until her own death in 176 BC.
Hattie McDaniel (June 10, 1893October 26, 1952) was an American stage actress, professional singer-songwriter, and comedian. She is best known for her role as "Mammy" in "Gone with the Wind" (1939), for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, the first Academy Award won by an African American entertainer.
Johann Olav Koss, (born 29 October 1968) is a former speed skater from Norway. He won four Olympic gold medals, including three at the 1994 Winter Olympics in his home country. 
Le Fleix is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Samuel Pierpont Langley (August 22, 1834 – February 27, 1906) was an American astronomer, physicist, inventor of the bolometer and aviation pioneer.
Bermondsey  is a district in South East London in the London Borough of Southwark, England, southeast of Charing Cross. To the west of Bermondsey lies Southwark, to the east Rotherhithe and Deptford, to the south Walworth and Peckham, and to the north is Wapping.
Catford is a district of south east London, England, and the administrative centre of the London Borough of Lewisham. It is southwest of Lewisham itself, mostly in the Rushey Green and Catford South wards.
Cricklewood is an area of north-west London, England. The area is split between three London boroughs: Barnet to the north-east, Brent to the west and Camden to the south-east.
Pensacola Beach is an unincorporated community located on Santa Rosa Island, a barrier island, in Escambia County, Florida, United States. It is situated south of Pensacola  in the Gulf of Mexico. As of the 2000 census, the community had a total population of 2738.
Pier Angeli (19 June 193210 September 1971), also credited under her birth name, Anna Maria Pierangeli, was an Italian-born television and film actress. Her American cinematographic debut was in the starring role of the 1951 film "Teresa", for which she won a Golden Globe Award for Young Star of the Year - Actress. 
Hanya Holm (born March 3, 1893, Worms, Germany – died November 3, 1992, New York City) is known as one of the "Big Four" founders of American modern dance. She was a dancer, choreographer, and above all, a dance educator.
Bocconi University  is a private university in Milan, Italy. Bocconi provides undergraduate, graduate and post-graduate education in the fields of economics, management, finance, law, political science and public administration. SDA Bocconi, the university's business school, offers MBA and Executive MBA programs.
Thomas Davidson (born November 10, 1963) is an American comedian, film and television actor. He is noted as a member of the sketch comedy TV show "In Living Color".
Barbara Eden (born Barbara Jean Morehead, August 23, 1931) is an American film, stage, and television actress, and singer, best known for her starring role of "Jeannie" in the sitcom "I Dream of Jeannie".
The Coquille River is a stream, about long, in southwestern Oregon in the United States. It drains a mountainous area of of the Southern Oregon Coast Range into the Pacific Ocean. Its watershed is between that of the Coos River to the north and the Rogue River to the south.
Geelong Airport was a small airfield specifically for light aircraft located in Mount Duneed, Victoria, Australia. It was primarily used for scenic flights and private aircraft, and was located in the local government area of the City of Greater Geelong.
Stephen Goosson (March 24, 1889 - March 25, 1973) was an American film set designer and art director.
The Royal Air Force Museum London  is located on the former Hendon Aerodrome. It includes five buildings and hangars showing the history of aviation and the Royal Air Force. It is part of the Royal Air Force Museum.
Masterton  is a large town in the Wellington Region of New Zealand and the seat of the Masterton District . It is the largest town in the Wairarapa, a region separated from Wellington by the Rimutaka ranges. 
Yang Ming Marine Transport Corporation  is an ocean shipping company based in Keelung, Taiwan . This shipping line was founded in 1972, but has historical links through its merger with the China Merchants Steam Navigation Company, which dates back to the Qing Dynasty (1872–1995). 
Nikita Sergeyevich Mikhalkov (; born 21 October 1945) is a Russian filmmaker, actor, and head of the Russian Cinematographers' Union. Mikhalkov is a three-time laureate of the State Prize of the Russian Federation (1993, 1995, 1999) and is a Full Cavalier of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland".
Theodore Elijah Burton (December 20, 1851October 28, 1929) was a Republican politician from Ohio. He served in the United States House of Representatives and U.S. Senate.
Dongguan  is a first-tier city in central Guangdong Province, China. An important industrial city in the Pearl River Delta, Dongguan borders the provincial capital of Guangzhou to the north, Huizhou to the northeast, Shenzhen to the south, and the Pearl River to the west. 
Ruby-Spears Productions  was a Burbank, California–based American entertainment production company that specialized in animation; with another branch in Rome, Italy. The firm was founded in 1977 by veteran writers Joe Ruby and Ken Spears.
Grant Alan Show (born February 27, 1962) is an American actor best known for his role on "Melrose Place" as Jake Hanson, which he played from 1992 to 1997. Since 2017, Show portrays tycoon Blake Carrington in the soap opera reboot "Dynasty".
La Albuera is a village southeast of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. it had a population of c. 2,000 inhabitants.
Mis-Teeq was a British girl group, consisting of lead singer Sabrina Washington, rapper, singer and songwriter Alesha Dixon and singer Su-Elise Nash. They had two top-ten albums and seven consecutive top-ten singles, with chart-topping success on the UK Singles Chart as well as across Europe. The group had been a quartet with Zena McNally who left in 2001.
Scenic World Blue Mountains is a private, family owned tourist attraction located in Katoomba in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales, Australia, about 100 kilometres west of Sydney. Scenic World is home to four attractions, the Scenic Railway, the Scenic Skyway, the Scenic Cableway and Scenic Walkway a 2.4 km elevated boardwalk through ancient rainforest. 
Bourke is a town in the north-west of New South Wales, Australia. The administrative centre and largest town in Bourke Shire, Bourke is approximately north-west of the state capital, Sydney, on the south bank of the Darling River. 
Victorino de la Plaza y Palacios (November 2, 1840 – October 2, 1919) was President of Argentina from 9 August 1914 to 11 October 1916.
Altichiero da Verona (c. 1330 – c. 1390), also called Aldighieri da Zevio, was an Italian painter of the Gothic style.
The Clyde River  is an open intermediate tide dominated drowned valley estuary; or perennial river that flows into the Tasman Sea, located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Nepean River , is a major perennial river, located in the south-west and west of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The Nepean River and its associated mouth, the Hawkesbury River, virtually encircle the metropolitan region of Sydney.
Kelly Marie Monaco (born May 23, 1976) is an American model, actress, and reality television personality, best known for her portrayal of Sam McCall on the ABC soap opera "General Hospital" and as the first season winner of the reality TV competition series "Dancing with the Stars". Monaco was also Playboy "Playmate of the Month" for April 1997, and portrayed Livvie Locke on the soap opera "Port Charles" from 1997 through 2003.
Melody Thomas Scott (born April 18, 1956) is an American actress best known for playing Nikki Newman on the soap opera "The Young and the Restless".
Ueshiba was born on June 27, 1921, in the city of Ayabe, Kyoto Prefecture, Japan. He was the third son and fourth child of Morihei Ueshiba and Hatsu Ueshiba . 
The Kankakee River  is a tributary of the Illinois River, approximately long, in northwestern Indiana and northeastern Illinois in the United States. At one time, the river drained one of the largest wetlands in North America and furnished a significant portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River. 
Tor Books is the primary imprint of Tom Doherty Associates, a publishing company based in New York City. It primarily publishes science fiction and fantasy titles, and publishes the online science fiction magazine "Tor.com".
John Weldon "J. J." Cale (December 5, 1938 – July 26, 2013) was an American guitarist, singer, and songwriter. Though he deliberately avoided the limelight, his influence as a musical artist has been widely acknowledged by figures such as Mark Knopfler, Neil Young and Eric Clapton, who described him as "one of the most important artists in the history of rock". He is considered to be one of the originators of the Tulsa Sound, a loose genre drawing on blues, rockabilly, country, and jazz.
Andrew Nicholas Duff, OBE (born 25 December 1950) is a Liberal Democrat politician, a former president of the Union of European Federalists, and a former Member of the European Parliament for the East of England region of the UK.
Neil Quentin Gordon Parish (born 26 May 1956) is a British Conservative Party politician. He is the Member of Parliament  for Tiverton and Honiton and was elected at the 2010 general election. He had been a Member of the European Parliament  for South West England from 1999 to 2009.
Steven Robert Guttenberg (born August 24, 1958) is an American actor, author, businessman, producer, and director. He starred in 1984's "Police Academy", and went on to perform in lead roles in Hollywood films of the 1980s, including "Cocoon", "Three Men and a Baby", "Three Men and a Little Lady" and "Short Circuit".
The National Labour Party was a far right political party founded in 1957 by John Bean. The party campaigned on a platform of white nationalism, anti-Semitism, and opposition to non-white immigration.
The Torngat Mountains are a mountain range on the Labrador Peninsula at the northern tip of Newfoundland and Labrador and eastern Quebec. They are part of the Arctic Cordillera. The mountains form a peninsula that separates Ungava Bay from the Atlantic Ocean.
The Scottish Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals  is a charity to promote animal welfare in Scotland.
The Front for Change/Social Pole  is a progressive political party in Argentina. 
Antena 3 is a Spanish terrestrial television channel owned by Atresmedia which also owns Onda Cero, one of Spain's most listened to radio stations. Its current headquarters are located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, near Madrid. 
The Dirty Devil River is an tributary of the Colorado River, located in the U.S. state of Utah. It flows through southern Utah from the confluence of the Fremont River and Muddy Creek before emptying into the Colorado River at Lake Powell.
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow (July 19, 1921 – May 30, 2011) was an American medical physicist, and a co-winner of the 1977 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine  for development of the radioimmunoassay  technique. She was the second woman , and the first American-born woman, to be awarded the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine.
The Paria River is a tributary of the Colorado River, approximately long, in southern Utah and northern Arizona in the United States. It drains a rugged and arid region northwest of the Colorado, flowing through roadless slot canyons along part of its course.
Dickinson Theodore Roosevelt Regional Airport , formerly Dickinson Municipal Airport, is six miles south of Dickinson, in Stark County, North Dakota. It is owned by the Dickinson Airport Authority.
The Llano River  is a tributary of the Colorado River, approximately long, in central Texas in the United States. It drains part of the Edwards Plateau in Texas Hill Country northwest of Austin.
Roman Sergeyevich Sharonov (; born 8 September 1976) is a Russian football coach and a former player who played as a right back. He is the caretaker manager of FC Rubin Kazan. 
Aurelius Prudentius Clemens  was a Roman Christian poet, born in the Roman province of Tarraconensis  in 348. He probably died in the Iberian Peninsula some time after 405, possibly around 413. 
Carl Friedrich Heinrich Graf von Wylich und Lottum (5 November 1767 – 14 February 1841), also called Graf Lottum "", was a Prussian infantry general and minister of the State. He is the son of general Friedrich Wilhelm Graf von Wylich und Lottum and his wife.
The Town of Pelham (2016 population 17,110) is located in the centre of Niagara Region in Ontario, Canada.
Lars-Magnus Harald Christoffer Ohly (; born 13 January 1957) is a Swedish politician, and the former party chairman of the Swedish Left Party. He was a member of the Swedish parliament from 1998 to 2014.
Pierrefonds is a former city in southwestern Quebec, Canada. It is located along the Rivière des Prairies on the northwestern part of the Island of Montreal. It was merged into Montreal on January 1, 2002, and is today part of the borough of Pierrefonds-Roxboro.
Hermann Esser (29 July 1900 – 7 February 1981) was a very early member of the Nazi Party . A journalist, Esser was the editor of the Nazi paper, "Völkischer Beobachter", and a Nazi member of the Reichstag. 
Project Pitchfork is a dark wave, electronic rock group from Hamburg, Germany.
The National Harmony Party  was a political party in Latvia.
The Colombian Communist Party  or PCC is a legal communist party in Colombia. It was founded in 1930 as the Communist Party of Colombia, at which point it was the Colombian section of the Comintern, and changed its name in 1991. 
Hiram Bingham III (November 19, 1875 – June 6, 1956) was an American academic, explorer and politician. He made public the existence of the Inca citadel of Machu Picchu in 1911 with the guidance of local indigenous farmers. Later, Bingham served as a member of the United States Senate for the state of Connecticut.
The Wapsipinicon River  is a tributary of the Mississippi River, approximately long, in southeastern Minnesota and northeastern Iowa in the United States. It drains a rural farming region of rolling hills and bluffs north of Waterloo and Cedar Rapids.
Avellaneda  is a port city in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, and the seat of the Avellaneda Partido, whose population was 342,677 as per the . Avellaneda is located within the Greater Buenos Aires metropolitan area, and is connected to neighboring Buenos Aires by several bridges over the Riachuelo River.
Hong Kong Maritime Museum is a non-profit educational institution funded by the international shipping community and the government in Hong Kong. It is located at Central Pier 8, Hong Kong. 
Lamontville Golden Arrows F.C. are a South African soccer club based in Durban that plays in the Premier Soccer League.
Caporciano is a town and "comune" in the province of L'Aquila, in the region of Abruzzo, southern Italy.
Milano Arena is a multi-purpose stadium in Kumanovo, Republic of Macedonia. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FK Milano Kumanovo. It holds 3,500 people.
Theodoros Baev  also written as Zlatkov Bayev and Tontor-Zlatko Baev (May 31, 1977 in Nova Zagora, Bulgaria) is a Greek volleyball player, currently playing for Panathinaikos of Athens.
Marin County Airport or Gnoss Field , formerly O56, is a public airport two miles northeast of Novato. The airport covers and has one runway and one helipad.
Soldano  is a town and "comune" in the province of Imperia, Liguria .
Rangsit Prayurasakdi, Prince of Chai Nat (; ; 12 November 1885 – 7 March 1951) was the Thai Founder of the Public Health Ministry and as Regent of Thailand.
WTRI (1520 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Brunswick, Maryland, serving Southern Frederick County, Maryland and Northern Loudoun County, Virginia. WTRI is owned by Hasmukh Shah and airs a South Asian format of Bollywood music and talk in Hindi and Punjabi.
Smithtown  is a small town on the banks of the Macleay River in New South Wales, Australia. The town of Gladstone lies across on the southern side of the river. At the , Smithtown had a population of 591 people.
Chavenay, also known as "Vallon de Chavenay", is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is located close to Saint-Nom-la-Bretèche, Saint-Germain-en-Laye, and Versailles.
Andrew "Andy" Ellis (born 21 February 1984) is a New Zealand rugby union player who specialises in the position of scrum-half. He currently plays in Japan for Kobelco Steelers, having previously played for the Crusaders in Super Rugby and Canterbury in provincial rugby.
Charles Leadbeater  is a British author and former advisor to Tony Blair.
Adalbert Zafirov (; born 29 September 1969) is a Bulgarian former football centre-back who most recently managed CSKA 1948.
Stilfs  is a "comune"  in the province of South Tyrol in northern Italy. It is located near the northern ramp of the Stelvio Pass.
Damnocracy was a heavy metal supergroup formed on, and for, the VH1 TV show "Supergroup" in 2006. 
Liberty Films was an independent motion picture production company founded in California by Frank Capra and Samuel J. Briskin in April 1945. It produced only two films, the Christmas classic "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946), originally released by RKO Radio Pictures, and the film version of the hit play "State of the Union" (1948), originally released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 
Mohammad Massad Al-Muwallad  (born 17 February 1983) is a Saudi Arabian football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Al-Hilal on loan from Al Ahli. He can also play in central or right or left defense.
Severstal  is a Russian company mainly operating in the steel and mining industry, headquartered in Cherepovets. Severstal is listed on the Moscow Exchange and LSE and is the largest steel company in Russia. 
Turnagain, also called Buru Island, is an island of the "Western Islands" region of the Torres Strait Islands archipelago, located in the northern section of Torres Strait, Queensland, Australia. Turnagain is located within the Torres Strait Island Region Local government area.
Doctor Ross (October 21, 1925 – May 28, 1993), also known as Doctor Ross the Harmonica Boss, born Charles Isaiah Ross in Tunica, Mississippi, was an American blues singer, guitarist, harmonica player and drummer.
Gavignano is a town in the Metropolitan City of Rome, Lazio, central Italy. Gavignano is approximately 50 km south east of Rome, on a hill in the Lepini Mountains. 
Taunusstein is the biggest town in the Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Darmstadt in Hesse, Germany. It consists of more than 29,000 inhabitants.
Henry I ( – c. 1119) was the count of Limburg and Arlon from 1082 to his death and duke of Lower Lorraine between 1101 and 1106. He was the son of Waleran I of Limburg and Jutta, daughter of Frederick, Duke of Lower Lorraine.
Vietnam National University, Hanoi  is a public university in Vietnam. The university has 10 university and faculties. 
Benaocaz is a village located in the province of Cádiz, Spain. According to the 2006 census, the city has a population of 729 inhabitants.
The South Branch of the Ashuelot River is a long river located in southwestern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Ashuelot River, itself a tributary of the Connecticut River, which flows to Long Island Sound.
The Nissitissit River is a river located in southern New Hampshire and northern Massachusetts in the United States. It is a tributary of the Nashua River, itself a tributary of the Merrimack River, which flows to the Gulf of Maine. This river is part of the Nashua River Watershed.
Ammar Souayah  (born June 11, 1957) is a retired Tunisian footballer who is the manager of Ohod.
Cheste  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Hoya de Buñol in the Valencian Community, Spain, located 26 km from the capital Valencia.
Manto Mavrogenous  (1796 – July 1848) was a Greek heroine of the Greek War of Independence. A rich woman, she spent all her fortune for the Hellenic cause. 
Heiko Herrlich (born 3 December 1971) is a German football manager and former forward. He last managed Bayer Leverkusen.
Beirut Municipal Stadium  is an 18,000 capacity multi-purpose stadium in Beirut, Lebanon. It is currently mostly used for football matches.
Ehingen   is a town in the Alb-Donau district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany, situated on the left bank of the Danube, approx. southwest of Ulm and southeast of Stuttgart.
Sugathadasa Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Colombo, Sri Lanka. It is currently used for football, rugby union, and athletics. 
Archduchess Maria Anna Eleanor Wilhelmina Josepha of Austria (18 September 1718 in Vienna – 16 December 1744 in Brussels) was a member of the House of Habsburg who governed the Austrian Netherlands in the name of her elder sister, Empress Maria Theresa.
Sulzbach-Rosenberg is a municipality in the Amberg-Sulzbach district, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated approximately 14 km northwest of Amberg, and 50 km east of Nuremberg. 
Borken is a small town with about 13,000 inhabitants in the Schwalm-Eder district in northern Hesse, Germany.
Blitzkrieg are a heavy metal band initially from Leicester formed in 1980. The current line-up is Brian Ross , Ken Johnson , Alan Ross , Huw Holding  and Matt Graham . 
Gorgona is a Colombian island in the Pacific Ocean situated about off the Colombian Pacific coast. The island is long and wide, with a maximum height of and a total area of . 
Lamezia Terme International Airport  is an airport in the Sant'Eufemia district of Lamezia Terme, Calabria, Italy. It is the principal airport of Calabria. 
Talas is a town in central Anatolia and a district of Kayseri Province in Turkey. The population of Talas city was 40,122 in 2000, while the district of Talas as a whole counted 60,925 people. It is located about 7km from the city of Kayseri.
Wrangel Palace  is a townhouse mansion on Riddarholmen islet in Gamla Stan, the old town of Stockholm, in Sweden. 
San Javier  is a small town and municipality in the autonomous community and province of Murcia in southeastern Spain. The municipality is situated at the northern end of Murcia's Mediterranean coastline, the Costa Cálida. 
Schopfheim is a town in the district of Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated on the river Wiese, 10 km north of Rheinfelden, and 13 km east of Lörrach.
Malia Metella (born 23 February 1982 in Cayenne, French Guiana) is a French Olympic freestyle swimmer from French Guiana. She swam for France at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics, winning a silver medal in 2004 in the women's 50 free.
CIOC-FM (identified on air as Ocean 98.5), is an FM radio station based in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, broadcasting at 98.5 MHz and owned by Rogers Communications. Its format is adult contemporary.
Yuliana Leonidivna Fedak (; born 8 June 1983 in Nova Kakhovka) is a retired Ukrainian tennis player.
Fortune Bay  is a fairly large natural bay located in the Gulf of St. Lawrence on the south coast of Newfoundland, Canada. The Bay is bounded by Point Crewe  on the Burin Peninsula and Pass Island  at the entrance to Hermitage Bay to the northwest for a distance of 56 kilometers. 
John I Doukas , Latinized as Ducas, was an illegitimate son of Michael II Komnenos Doukas, Despot of Epirus in –1268. After his father's death, he became ruler of Thessaly from to his own death in 1289. 
Comano is a town and "comune" in the province of Massa and Carrara, Tuscany, Italy, of some 700 inhabitants.
The North Branch of the Contoocook River is a river located in southwestern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Contoocook River, part of the Merrimack River watershed.
The Rochester Flash was an American soccer club based in Rochester, New York that was a member of the American Soccer League.
Lyoto was born in Salvador, Brazil, as the third son of the highly ranked head of the Brazilian branch of the Japan Karate Association, Shotokan karate master Yoshizo Machida . Yoshizo moved to Brazil from Japan when he was 22 years old, where he met and married Lyoto's mother, Ana Claudia, who is of Portuguese and Italian descent. 
Teltow [] is a town in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district, in Brandenburg, Germany.
Siddhpur, also spelled Sidhpur is a town, municipality and Sidhpur taluka headquarter in Patan district in the Indian state of Gujarat. It is a historical place located on the bank of Saraswati River. 
Wendelin Wiedeking (born August 28, 1952 in Ahlen, Germany) is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of the German car manufacturer, Porsche AG, a post he held from 1993 through July 23, 2009. He was also speaker of the company's executive committee and was a member of the supervisory board of Volkswagen AG from 2006 to 2009.
Santiago de Compostela Airport  is an international airport serving the autonomous community and historical region of Galicia in Spain. It is the 2nd busiest airport in northern Spain after Bilbao Airport.
Bad Saulgau is a town in the district of Sigmaringen, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 23 km east of Sigmaringen, and 27 km north of Ravensburg between the Danube and Lake Constance.
The Fowler River is a river located in central New Hampshire in the United States. It is an inflow to Newfound Lake, part of the Pemigewasset River and therefore Merrimack River watersheds. 
The Lost River  is a stream located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Pemigewasset River, part of the Merrimack River watershed.
Sachsenheim is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is situated 11 km northwest of Ludwigsburg.
Hat Island is a small island on the eastern edge of the Beaver Island archipelago in Lake Michigan. It is about 10 acres (0.04 km²) in size and located in eastern St. James Township, Charlevoix County, Michigan. It became part of the Michigan Islands National Wildlife Refuge in 1943.
WBWR (790 AM) is a radio station broadcasting in Ashland City, Tennessee, United States. Day power is 2,000 watts and night power is 35 watts.
Anne Casimir Pyrame de Candolle (20 February 1836, Geneva – 3 October 1918, Chêne-Bougeries) was a Swiss botanist, the son of Alphonse Pyrame de Candolle.
Aalborg , also spelt Ålborg, is Denmark's fourth largest city with an urban population of 139,016.
The Tioga River is a river located in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Winnipesaukee River, part of the Merrimack River watershed.
Jorge Alfonso Alejandro del Castillo Gálvez (born July 2, 1950) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician who was Prime Minister of Peru from 2006 to 2008. He is also a prominent member of the Peruvian Aprista Party, serving in two occasions as Secretary-General. In his career, he has served in the now abolished Peruvian Chamber of Deputies, in the Peruvian Congress of the Republic, and as mayor of Lima and Barranco.
Dobrush  is a town within the Gomel Region of Belarus. It is located on the Iput River. Mentioned for the first time in 1335.
Carlow/Mayo is a township in northern Hastings County in Eastern Ontario, Canada. It was formed in 2001 by the amalgamation of the townships of Carlow and Mayo.
Walter Rudin (May 2, 1921 – May 20, 2010) was an Austrian-American mathematician and professor of Mathematics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Wendlingen is a town in the district of Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany. It is situated on the Neckar and Lauter rivers, 27 km southeast of Stuttgart.
Christopher Andrew Tsangarides (17 August 1956 – 6 January 2018) was a British Grammy-nominated record producer, sound engineer, and mixer of Greek Cypriot origin. He was best known for his work with many heavy metal bands, including Gary Moore, Thin Lizzy, Judas Priest, Helloween, Anvil, Angra, Anthem, Yngwie Malmsteen, and Tygers of Pan Tang. Tsangarides worked with many pop and alternative artists as well, including Depeche Mode, Tom Jones, Concrete Blonde, and The Tragically Hip.
Khalid Reeves (born July 15, 1972) is a former American professional basketball player, selected by the Miami Heat in the first round (12th pick) of the 1994 NBA Draft.
WSAI is an AM radio station broadcasting out of Cincinnati, Ohio. Owned and operated by iHeartMedia, its studios, as well as those of iHeartMedia's other stations in Cincinnati, are in the Towers of Kenwood building next to I-71 in the Kenwood section of Sycamore Township and its transmitter is located in Mount Healthy.
Hung Hei-gun or Hong Xiguan (1745—1825) was a Chinese martial artist who lived in the Qing dynasty. He was also an influential figure in the Southern Shaolin school of Chinese martial arts. 
Boston Whaler is an American boat manufacturer located in Florida. It is operated as a subsidiary of the Brunswick Boat Group, a division of the Brunswick Corporation. 
Hyun Bin (born Kim Tae-pyung on September 25, 1982) is a South Korean actor. He is best known for his leading roles in the television dramas "My Name is Kim Sam-soon" (2005), "Worlds Within" (2008), "Secret Garden" (2010–2011), "Memories of the Alhambra" (2018–2019); as well as the films "Confidential Assignment" and "The Swindlers" (2017).
The is a private university located in Musashino, Tokyo, Japan that offers courses in Business Administration, Economics, Law, International Relations, and Urban Innovation.
The Progressive Democratic Party  was a liberal conservative political party from Gibraltar.
KFJX, virtual channel 14 (VHF digital channel 13), is a dual Fox/CW+-affiliated television station licensed to Pittsburg, Kansas, United States and also serving Joplin, Missouri. The station is owned by SagamoreHill Broadcasting; Morgan Murphy Media, which owns CBS affiliate KOAM-TV (channel 7, also licensed to Pittsburg), operates KFJX under joint sales and shared services agreements. 
Katherine Anne Castor (born August 20, 1966) is the U.S. Representative for , serving in Congress since 2007. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
, formerly known as GAU Entertainment and , was a Japanese video game developer. The company usually does not market or publish the games it develops, instead they primarily develop games for other companies on a contract basis. Their clients include Sega, Capcom, Namco, Takara, Taito, Atlus, and Square Enix.
Ty Olsson (born January 28, 1974) is a Canadian actor and voice actor. He is best known for his role as the voice of Ord in PBS Kids animated children's series "Dragon Tales", and for portraying real life 9/11 victim Mark Bingham in the A&E television movie "Flight 93" and a recurring role in "Supernatural", as Benny Lafitte.
Kairi is a town and locality in the Tablelands Region, Queensland, Australia. In the 2011 census, Kairi had a population of 460 people.
Lazar Markovich Lissitzky (, ; – December 30, 1941), known as El Lissitzky , was a Russian artist, designer, photographer, typographer, polemicist and architect. He was an important figure of the Russian avant-garde, helping develop suprematism with his mentor, Kazimir Malevich, and designing numerous exhibition displays and propaganda works for the Soviet Union. 
Avinoam "Avi" Lerner (; born 13 October 1947) is an Israeli-American film producer, primarily of American action movies. Lerner is the founder and CEO of Millennium Films.
Melgven  is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
The Alafia River is long, with a watershed of in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States, flowing into Tampa Bay. The watershed contains ten named lakes and ponds, and 29 named rivers, streams and canals. 
Dr. Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth  is an agricultural university located at Akola, in Maharashtra, India, in the Vidarbha region. The University is entrusted with the responsibility of agricultural education, research and extension education along with breeder and foundation seed programmes.
Girlschool are a British rock band that formed in the new wave of British heavy metal scene in 1978, frequently associated with contemporaries Motörhead. They are the longest-running all-female rock band, still active after almost 40 years. 
BBC Radio Orkney is a local opt-out of BBC Radio Scotland for the Orkney Islands, which is based in Castle Street, Kirkwall, Orkney, in Scotland.
Chris Buck (born February 24, 1958) is an American film director known for co-directing "Tarzan" (1999), "Surf's Up" (2007) (which was nominated for the 2007 Oscar for Best Animated Feature), and "Frozen" (2013) (which won the Oscar for Best Animated Feature in 2014). He also worked as a supervising animator on "Home on the Range" (2004) and "Pocahontas" (1995).
Lutz Dombrowski (born 25 June 1959) is a former German track and field athlete and Olympic champion.
James Louis McCartney (born 12 September 1977) is a British musician and songwriter. He is the only son of songwriter and former Beatle Paul McCartney. He has contributed to a number of solo albums by his parents, including "Flaming Pie" (1997) and "Driving Rain" (2001) by Paul McCartney, and "Wide Prairie" (1998) by Linda McCartney.
The Ottauquechee River  is a river in eastern Vermont in the United States. It is a tributary of the Connecticut River, which flows to Long Island Sound.
Santa Maria del Cedro is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza, Calabria, Italy. The town's name indicates the cultivation of the special Diamante Citron, which is used as Etrog by the Jews during their Feast of Tabernacles.
Somma Vesuviana is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Campania, southern Italy.
Oudong   is a town in Cambodia, situated in the north-western part of Kampong Speu Province. Located at the foothill of the mountain Phnom Udong, about 40 km northwest of the modern capital Phnom Penh, Oudong was royal residence and Cambodia's capital for more than 250 years until 1866. 
Abu Ayyub al-Masri ( ; , ', translation: "Father of Ayyub the Egyptian"; 1967 – 18 April 2010), also known as Abu Hamza al-Muhajir  and other aliases , was the leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq during the Iraqi insurgency, following the death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi in June 2006. He was prime minister of the Islamic State of Iraq from 2009-2010.
Summit Christian College, based in Gering, Nebraska, United States, was established in 1951 in Scottsbluff, Nebraska as Platte Valley Bible College. It offers on-campus and distance education programs leading to one-year certificates and two- and four-year degrees in the areas of Bible and ministry, Christian education, missions, and management and ethics. 
The River Sowe is a river in Warwickshire and West Midlands, England. It is a tributary of the River Avon, and flows into it just south of Stoneleigh about 5 miles (8 km) south of Coventry. 
Izberbash  is a town in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, located on the coast of the Caspian Sea southeast of Makhachkala, the capital of the republic. Population: 
Saulieu is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Lurcy is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Jerome Lane Sr. (born December 4, 1966) is a retired American professional basketball player.
Hugh Richard Heathcote Gascoyne-Cecil, 1st Baron Quickswood PC (14 October 1869 – 10 December 1956), styled Lord Hugh Cecil until 1941, was a British Conservative Party politician.
Hilpoltstein is a town in the district of Roth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated 10 km southeast of Roth bei Nürnberg and 30 km south of Nuremberg, close to the lake 'Rothsee.
Oussama "Ous" Mellouli (; born 16 February 1984) is a Tunisian swimmer who competes in the freestyle and medley events. He is a three-time Olympic medalist, is an African record holder, and trains with the USC Trojans team based at the University of Southern California, where he studied as a computer science undergraduate and swam collegiately.
Landskrona IP , locally known as "I.P." the second home of Landskrona BoIS football club. The venue is owned by Landskrona Town but its only tenant is "BoIS", as the club is labeled locally. 
Belle Vue  in Wakefield, England, is the home of Wakefield Trinity rugby league team. It is beside the A638 Doncaster Road, approximately one mile south of Wakefield city centre.
IK Sirius, more commonly known simply as Sirius, is a Swedish football club located in Uppsala. The club is affiliated to the Upplands Fotbollförbund.
PrivatBank  is the largest commercial bank in Ukraine, in terms of the number of clients, assets value, loan portfolio and taxes paid to the national budget. PrivatBank has its headquarters in Dnipro, in central Ukraine.
ATA Martial Arts, formerly known as the American Taekwondo Association , was founded in 1969 in Omaha, Nebraska by Haeng Ung Lee of South Korea.
Stade Pierre-Fabre, formerly known as Stade Pierre-Antoine, is a multi-purpose stadium in Castres, France. It is currently used mostly for rugby union matches and is the home stadium of Castres Olympique. 
Diederik Maarten Samsom (; born 10 July 1971) is a Dutch environmentalist and retired politician who served the Labour Party  from 2012 to 2016.
KSNG, virtual and VHF digital channel 11, is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Garden City, Kansas, United States. The station is owned by Nexstar Media Group. 
Kwansŏ is the name of a region that coincides with the former Pyongan Province in what is now North Korea. The region includes the modern-day provinces of Chagang, South Pyongan and North Pyongan and the self-governing cities of Nampo and Pyongyang.
BTA Bank   is a Kazakhstan bank with headquarters in Almaty. it was the third largest lender by assets. 
Rarh region  is a toponym for an area in the Indian subcontinent that lies between the Chota Nagpur Plateau on the West and the Ganges Delta on the East. Although the boundaries of the region have been defined differently according to various sources throughout history, it is "mainly" coextensive with the state of West Bengal, also comprising parts of the state of Jharkhand in India.
Klaus Ernst (born 1 November 1954 in Munich) is a left-wing German politician and was a leading member of the Labour and Social Justice Party and now The Left. The certified political economist has served as a member of The Left in the Bundestag since 2005, and as of 2010 has been co-chairing the party together with Gesine Lötzsch.
O.G.C.  is a hip hop group consisting of members Starang Wondah, Top Dog and Louieville Sluggah. The group is mostly known through their membership in the Boot Camp Clik, along with Buckshot, Smif-N-Wessun and Heltah Skeltah.
Tan Joe Hok (Indonesian name: Hendra Kartanegara, ; born 11 August 1937) is an Indonesian former badminton player, who along with Ferry Sonneville and a cadre of fine doubles players set the foundation for an Indonesian badminton dynasty by dethroning then-perennial Thomas Cup champion Malaya in 1958.
Awesome Comics or Awesome Entertainment  was an American comic book studio formed in 1997 by Image Comics co-founder Rob Liefeld. The company closed in 2000. 
The Meanwood Beck is a stream in West Yorkshire, England, which flows southwards through Adel, Meanwood and Sheepscar into the River Aire in central Leeds. Different portions of the same watercourse have been referred to as Adel Beck, Carr Beck, Lady Beck, Mabgate Beck, Sheepscar Beck, Timble Beck or Wortley Beck. 
Lega Alpina Lumbarda  was a left-wing regionalist political party in Italy, based in Lombardy. The party, an alternative to Lega Lombarda–Lega Nord, was led by Elidio De Paoli throughout its existence.
Westmar University was a private four-year liberal arts college in Le Mars, Iowa, United States. It permanently closed on November 21, 1997.
CKWV-FM  is a Canadian radio station located in Nanaimo, British Columbia. It broadcasts on 102.3 FM and is owned by Island Radio, a division of the Jim Pattison Group.
David Stuart Sardy (born 1967), more commonly known as D. Sardy, is a Brooklyn born-and-raised composer, musician, songwriter, and record producer. He came to prominence as the leader of 1990s noise rock band Barkmarket before turning mostly to production work, often with alternative rock, hard rock related genres.
The New Jersey Stallions were an American soccer team, founded in 1996, which competed in various divisions of the United Soccer Leagues until 2004, after which the team left the league and the franchise was terminated.
Comiso , is a comune of the Province of Ragusa, Sicily, southern Italy. As of 2017, its population was 29,857.
Bukit Mertajam is a town and the administrative centre of the Central Seberang Perai District in Seberang Perai, Penang, Malaysia. It also serves as the seat of the local government of Seberang Perai - the Seberang Perai Municipal Council. , 
Adrian Lewis (born 21 January 1985) is an English professional darts player currently playing in the PDC. Lewis is a two-time PDC World Darts Champion, winning in 2011 and 2012. 
Antidote Films, also known as Antidote International Films, Inc., is an independent film production company founded by producer Jeff Levy-Hinte based in the Hudson Square neighborhood of New York City. In 2008, Antidote completed several documentaries, including "Soul Power" and "The Dungeon Masters", both of which premiered at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival.
Douglas Wilmer (8 January 1920 – 31 March 2016) was an English actor, best known for playing Sherlock Holmes in the 1965 TV series "Sherlock Holmes".
Katherine Tupper "Kitty" Winn (born February 21, 1944) is an American theatre and film actress. She is best known for her roles as the heroin addict Helen in the romantic drama "The Panic in Needle Park" and her recurring role of Sharon Spencer in the horror film franchise "The Exorcist".
Bodaybo  is a town and the administrative center of Bodaybinsky District in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Vitim River at its confluence with the Bodaybo River, located from Irkutsk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 12,800 (1968).
Oleg Ivanovich Romantsev (, born 4 January 1954) is a Soviet/Russian former international footballer and coach. Romantsev was acclaimed for his success with Spartak Moscow, whom he led to a record eight domestic league titles, and his work with the Russian national team. 
Masaya  is the capital city of Masaya department in Nicaragua. It is situated approximately 14 km west of Granada and 31 km southeast from Managua.
Jean-Joseph de Mondonville (25 December 1711 (baptised) – 8 October 1772), also known as Jean-Joseph Cassanéa de Mondonville, was a French violinist and composer. He was a younger contemporary of Jean-Philippe Rameau and enjoyed great success in his day. 
John Charles Lodge (born 20 July 1945, Erdington, Birmingham) is an English musician, best known as bass guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter of the longstanding rock group the Moody Blues. He has also worked as a record producer and has collaborated with other musicians outside the band. In 2018, Lodge was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Moody Blues.
Psi Com was an American post-punk band of the early 1980s, consisting of Perry Farrell , Aaron Sherer , Vince Duran  and Kelly Wheeler . Prominent in the underground Los Angeles music scene, the group were noted for being the first band of Farrell, who went on to achieve greater fame in the bands Jane's Addiction, Porno for Pyros and the Satellite Party.
Hanson Bay is a large bay which comprises almost the entire east coast of Chatham Island, the largest island in New Zealand's Chatham Islands archipelago. It is in extent, stretching from Okawa Point in the island's northeast to Manukau Point in the southeast. 
La Oroya is a city on the River Mantaro in central Peru. It is situated on the Andes some 176 km east-north-east of the national capital, Lima, and is capital of the Yauli Province. 
Eleanor of Aragon (2 May 1402 – 19 February 1445) was queen consort of Portugal as the spouse of Edward I of Portugal and the regent of Portugal as the guardian of her son. She was the daughter of Ferdinand I of Aragon and Eleanor of Alburquerque.
The Frio River is a river in the U.S. state of Texas. The word "frío" is Spanish for "cold", a clear reference to the spring-fed coolness of the river.
The Rock is a town with a population of 860, in the Riverina region of southern New South Wales, Australia, in Lockhart Shire. It is south-west of Wagga Wagga on the Olympic Highway.
The Gibson Brothers are a France-based musical group, who had their greatest success during the disco boom of the late 1970s. Their best known hit singles included "Cuba" and "Que Sera Mi Vida".
Lotte Department Store  is a Korean retail company established in 1979, and headquartered in Sogong-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea. Lotte Department Store offers retail consumer goods and services and is one out of 8 business units of Lotte Shopping. 
Burgwedel is a town in the district of Hanover, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 15 km northeast of Hanover.
Hasdrubal Gisco (died 202BC), a latinization of the name ʿAzrubaʿal son of Gersakkun , was a Carthaginian general who fought against Rome in Iberia  and North Africa during the Second Punic War.
KSPC is a non-commercial college and community radio station based in Claremont, California, broadcasting at 88.7 MHz on the FM band and streaming online. KSPC is funded by the Associated Students of Pomona College and the other student associations of the Claremont Colleges.
WJAC-TV is an NBC-affiliated television station licensed to Johnstown, Pennsylvania, United States and serving West-Central Pennsylvania. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 34 (or virtual channel 6 via PSIP) from a transmitter northwest of the city in Laurel Ridge State Park along the Cambria and Westmoreland county line. 
Alarm Will Sound is a 20-member chamber orchestra that focuses on recordings and performances of contemporary classical music. Its performances have been described as "equal parts exuberance, nonchalance, and virtuosity" by the "Financial Times" and as "a triumph of ensemble playing" by the "San Francisco Chronicle". "
Schwarzenbek is a town in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated approximately 10 km northeast of Geesthacht, and 35 km east of Hamburg. 
Ivan Aleksandrovich Skobrev (; born 8 February 1983 in Khabarovsk) is a Russian speed skater.
Hasdrubal the Fair (, "ʿAzrubaʿal"; –221BC) was a Carthaginian military leader and politician, governor in Iberia after Hamilcar Barca's death, and founder of Cartagena.
CRANN, the Centre for Research on Adaptive Nanostructures and Nanodevices, is Ireland's first purpose-built research institute whose purpose is to perform nanoscience research. It is housed in the Naughton Institute on the campus of Trinity College Dublin. 
Frank Blunstone (born 17 October 1934) is an English former international footballer who played for Crewe Alexandra and Chelsea as an outside left.
Francisc von Neuman Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium in Arad, Romania. It was used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of FC UTA Arad, one of the most successful teams in Romanian club football. 
Silvia Federici (; born 1942, Parma, Italy) is an Italian-American scholar, teacher, and activist from the radical autonomist feminist Marxist tradition. She is a professor emerita and Teaching Fellow at Hofstra University, where she was a social science professor. 
Irene Miracle (born January 24, 1954 in Stillwater, Oklahoma) is an American film and television actress and director.
Gert Jan Timmerman (born 15 April 1956) is a Dutch chess player, most famous for being the fifteenth ICCF World Champion in correspondence chess, 1996–2002.
Capestrano  is a "comune" and small town with 885 inhabitants (2017), in the Province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, Italy. It is located in the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park.
The Baltoro Muztagh  is a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range, in Baltistan region of the Gilgit-Baltistan, northern most political entity of Pakistan; and in Xinjiang, China. The crest of the range forms part of the Pakistan-China border.
Beaumont Street is a street in the centre of Oxford, England.
Lieutenant-General Sir John Abercromby or Abercrombie GCB (2 April 1772 – 14 February 1817) was a British Army officer and Member of Parliament  for Clackmannanshire from 1815 to 1817.
Michael Feuerstack is a Canadian indie rock musician, who has been associated with the bands Wooden Stars and Snailhouse.
Piero Marini (born 13 January 1942) is a Roman Catholic archbishop who is president of the Pontifical Committee for International Eucharistic Congresses. For twenty years he served as Master of Pontifical Liturgical Celebrations, in charge of the Office for the Liturgical Celebrations of the Supreme Pontiff. In that capacity he worked for Popes John Paul II for 18 years and Benedict XVI for two years.
Beech Creek is a tributary of Bald Eagle Creek in Centre and Clinton counties, in Pennsylvania in the United States.
Ze Frank (; born Hosea Jan Frank on March 31, 1972) is an American online performance artist, composer, humorist and public speaker based in Los Angeles. He is currently the chief of research and development for BuzzFeed.
Stan Douglas (born October 11, 1960) is an artist based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Marek Janowski (born 18 February 1939 in Warsaw) is a Polish-born German conductor.
Bell Ville is a city in center-south of the province of Córdoba, Argentina, located 200 km southeast from the capital Córdoba City, on the intersection of National Route 9 and Provincial Route 3 with the Córdoba–Rosario–Buenos Aires railroad.
Bermudian Creek is a tributary of Conewago Creek in Adams and York counties in Pennsylvania in the United States.
The River Mahon  flows from the Comeragh Mountains in County Waterford, Ireland.
CREDO Mobile  is an American mobile virtual network operator headquartered in San Francisco, California. CREDO Mobile's mobile network operator is Verizon Wireless.
Basauri is a major municipality of Biscay, in the Basque Country, an Autonomous Community in northern Spain.
Creative City  is a media free zone government-owned company in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates.
Brimsdown is a neighbourhood of eastern Enfield in the London Borough of Enfield, north London, on the west side of the mid-to-lower Lea Valley. It is in the historic county of Middlesex.
Maharana Pratap Airport is an airport serving Udaipur, Rajasthan, India. It is situated at Dabok, 22 km (14 mi) East of Udaipur.
Corban University is a private Christian college in Salem, Oregon. The school of about 1,200 students offers undergraduate work in biblical studies, liberal arts, and professional studies, and graduate work in business, ministry, education and counseling. Corban is a member of the Council for Christian Colleges and Universities, and athletically is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, competing in the Cascade Collegiate Conference.
EOG Resources, Inc. is a company engaged in hydrocarbon exploration. It is organized in Delaware and headquartered in the Heritage Plaza building in Houston, Texas.
Cressy is a country town in Victoria, Australia, about 38 km north of Colac on the Ballarat road. It is divided between Golden Plains Shire, the Shire of Colac Otway and Corangamite Shire. At the 2016 census, Cressy and the surrounding area had a population of 175.
Saint Leonard of Port Maurice, O.F.M.,  (born 20 December 1676, at Porto Maurizio on the Riviera di Ponente; died at the friary of St. Bonaventure, Rome, 26 November 1751) was an Italian Franciscan preacher and ascetic writer.
Vasilis Michaelides (, before 1853–18 December 1917) is considered by many and often referred to as the national poet of Cyprus.
Union Deportiva Melilla is a football team based in the autonomous city of Melilla. Founded in 1943 and refounded in 1976 it currently plays in Segunda División B – Group 4, holding home matches at "Estadio Municipal Álvarez Claro", with a 12,000-seat capacity.
Karim Khalili  is the current chairman of the Afghan High Peace Council and the former Vice President of Afghanistan in the administration of President Hamid Karzai. Khalili was appointed first time as Vice President in 2002 and was elected as running mate of Hamid Karzai in 2004. Since 1989 he has been one of the main leaders of the Wahdat political party of Hazara.
Benidorm Club de Fútbol was a Spanish football team based in Benidorm, in the autonomous community of Valencia. Founded in 1964 and dissolved in 2011 it held home matches at "Estadio Municipal Guillermo Amor", which had a capacity of 6,000.
DongWoo Animation Co. Ltd  is an animation studio located in Seoul, South Korea. It has produced many animated series and films created and produced in the United States, Canada, South Korea and Japan. 
Bisbee Douglas International Airport is a county-owned airport northwest of Douglas and east of Bisbee, both in Cochise County, Arizona. The FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013 categorizes it as a "general aviation" facility.
Pilar de la Horadada  is a town and district in the Province of Alicante, in the southeast of Spain. Located 66 km south of Alicante, the city is the southernmost of the Valencian Community, only 1 km north of the regional border 
Arue is a commune in the suburbs of Papeete in French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. Arue is located on the island of Tahiti, in the administrative subdivision of the Windward Islands, themselves part of the Society Islands. At the 2017 census it had a population of 10,243.
The Technological University of the Philippines  is a coeducational state university in the Philippines. It was established in 1901 by the Philippine Commission. 
Timothy James "T.J." Clark (born 12 April 1943 in Bristol, England) is a British art historian and writer. He taught art history in a number of universities in England and the United States, including Harvard and the University of California, Berkeley.
Vescovato  is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.
Club Deportivo Artístico Navalcarnero is a Spanish football team based in Navalcarnero, in the autonomous community of Madrid. Founded in 1961 it plays in Segunda División B – Group 1, holding home games at "Estadio Mariano González", with a 1,571-seat capacity.
Girona Futbol Club, S.A.D. is a professional football club based in Girona, Catalonia, Spain. Founded on 23 July 1930, it plays in Segunda División, having been relegated to the second-division league at the end of the 2018–19 season. 
Jacqueline Piatigorsky (November 6, 1911 – July 15, 2012) was a French-born American chess player, author, sculptor, philanthropist, and arts patron. She was a member of the Rothschild banking family of France.
KMGV is located in the Fresno, California area and broadcasts at 97.9 FM. It is owned by Cumulus Media. 
Kronshagen is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is situated approximately 23 km southeast of Eckernförde, and 3 km west of Kiel.
Barranqueras is a city in the southeast of the province of Chaco, Argentina, on a small tributary river on the right-hand-side  shore of the Paraná River, only 7 km from the provincial capital Resistencia and within its metropolitan area. It has over 50,000 inhabitants according to the , being the third most populated city in the province.
Edward Vermilye Huntington (April 26, 1874, Clinton, New York, USANovember 25, 1952, Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA) was an American mathematician.
Saint-Germain-de-Calberte is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
Mourenx is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
KWYE (101.1 FM, "Y101") is a radio station located in the Fresno, California, area that airs a Hot Adult Contemporary music format. The station is owned by Cumulus Media. 
Nob. Maria Letizia Buonaparte "née" Ramolino  (24 August 1750 – 2 February 1836) was an Italian noblewoman, mother of Napoleon I of France.
KHME, virtual channel 23 (VHF digital channel 2), is a MeTV-affiliated television station licensed to Rapid City, South Dakota, United States. The station is owned by Legacy Broadcasting. 
The Pamir is a river in Tajikistan and Afghanistan. It is a tributary of the Panj River, and forms the northern boundary of Wakhan.
The General Union for Development of Macau  is a political party in the Chinese Special Administrative Region of Macau.
Rio Salado College is a public community college headquartered in Tempe, Arizona. It is part of the Maricopa County Community College District and accredited by The Higher Learning Commission. 
Jochen Thomas Hecht (born 21 June 1977) is a German ice hockey coach and a former professional ice hockey player. He served as assistant coach for Adler Mannheim until May 2018.
Nicoletta Braschi (born 19 April 1960) is an Italian actress and producer, best known for her work with her husband, actor and director Roberto Benigni.
KESQ-TV, virtual channel 42 (UHF digital channel 28), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Palm Springs, California, United States and serving the Coachella Valley in California's Inland Empire. Owned by the News-Press & Gazette Company, it is a sister station to Cathedral City-licensed Class A CBS affiliate KPSP-CD (channel 38), Class A Fox affiliate KDFX-CD (channel 33.2, licensed to both Indio and Palm Springs), Palm Springs-licensed low-powered CW affiliate KCWQ-LD (channel 2), and Indio-licensed low-powered Telemundo affiliate KUNA-LP (channel 15); this existing co-ownership of all these five stations allows for KESQ to also be used to offer full-market over-the-air standard definition simulcasts of KPSP-CD (simulcast over KESQ-DT2), KDFX-CD (simulcast over KESQ-DT4), KUNA-LP (simulcast over KESQ-DT7), and KCWQ-LD (simulcast over KESQ-DT8), to better serve viewers throughout the market that don't subscribe to either cable or satellite television services. The five stations share studios on Dunham Way in Thousand Palms; KESQ's transmitter is located on Edom Hill northeast of Cathedral City and I-10.
John Jacob "Jay" Rhodes III (September 8, 1943 – January 20, 2011) was a Republican Representative from Arizona's 1st congressional district.
Phyllis Chesler (born October 1, 1940) is an American writer, psychotherapist, and professor emerita of psychology and women's studies at the College of Staten Island . She is known as a feminist psychologist, and is the author of 16 books, including the best-seller "Women and Madness" (1972). 
David William Huddleston (September 17, 1930 – August 2, 2016) was an American actor. An Emmy Award nominee, Huddleston had a prolific television career, and appeared in many films including "Blazing Saddles", "Crime Busters", "" and "The Big Lebowski".
Saint-Pierre is the capital of the French overseas collectivity of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, off the coast of Newfoundland in Canada. Saint-Pierre is the more populated of the two communes  making up Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
Thomas Archer (1668–1743) was an English Baroque architect, whose work is somewhat overshadowed by that of his 
KASN, virtual channel 38 (UHF digital channel 34), is a CW-affiliated television station serving Little Rock, Arkansas, United States that is licensed to Pine Bluff. The station is owned by Mission Broadcasting, as part of a duopoly with Little Rock-licensed Fox affiliate KLRT-TV (channel 16); Nexstar Media Group, which owns NBC affiliate KARK-TV (channel 4) and MyNetworkTV affiliate KARZ-TV (channel 42), operates KLRT and KASN under joint sales and shared services agreements. 
Gormanston is a town in Tasmania on the slopes of Mount Owen, above the town of Queenstown in Tasmania's West Coast. At the 2016 Ceunsus Gormanston had a population of 17.
Kookynie is a town located in the Eastern Goldfields region in Western Australia.
Eugene Rousseau (born August 23, 1932 in Blue Island, Illinois) is an American classical saxophonist. He plays mainly the alto and soprano saxophones.
Margarita Xirgu, also Margarida Xirgu (18 June 1888, Molins de Rei, Catalonia, Spain – 25 April 1969, Montevideo, Uruguay), was a Spanish stage actress, who was greatly popular throughout her country and Latin America. A friend of the poet Federico García Lorca, she was forced into exile during Francisco Franco's dictatorship of Spain, but continued her work in America. 
Boucau  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department and Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France. It is located in the former province of Labourd. 
Lahonce  is a village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Holdsworth is a bicycle manufacturer in London, England. It was created by William Frank Holdsworth, known as "Sandy", and is now owned by Planet X Limited Based in Rotherham.
Golden Telecom  is a company that provides communication and Internet services in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States .
The Ulster Movement for Self-Determination was a minor Ulster nationalist political movement in Northern Ireland.
Newnes, an abandoned oil shale mining site of the Wolgan Valley, is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia. The site that was operational in the early 20th century is now partly surrounded by Wollemi National Park. The settlement was originally built by the Commonwealth Oil Corporation.
Springfield Technical Community College  is the only polytechnic community college in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, located in the city of Springfield. Built on the site of the Springfield Armory National Park, which was founded by Henry Knox and George Washington during the Revolutionary War, Springfield Technical Community College now occupies many of the buildings used by the U.S. Armory at Springfield prior to its closure in 1969.
Williams is a town located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, south-southeast of the state capital, Perth along Albany Highway and 32 kilometres (20 mi) west of Narrogin. The Williams River passes through the town. At the , Williams had a population of 338.
Anhaux  is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France in the former province of Lower Navarre.
Beyrie-sur-Joyeuse  is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.
Ibarrolle  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Larceveau-Arros-Cibits  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Carsten Nicolai (September 18, 1965), known as Alva Noto, is a German musician. He is a member of the music groups Diamond Version with Olaf Bender , Signal with Frank Bretschneider and Olaf Bender, Cyclo with Ryoji Ikeda, ANBB with Blixa Bargeld and Alva Noto + Ryuichi Sakamoto with whom he composed the score for the 2015 film "The Revenant".
Esquiule  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Jacques "Jacky" Munaron (born 8 September 1956, Namur) is a former football goalkeeper, and currently the goalkeeper coach of FP Halle-Gooik.
Montory  is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
The Uganda Securities Exchange  is the principal stock exchange of Uganda. It was founded in June 1997. The USE is operated under the jurisdiction of Uganda's Capital Markets Authority, which in turn reports to the Bank of Uganda, Uganda's central bank.
GENSA  is an airline is based in Campo Grande, Brazil. It was founded in 1996, and since 2005 it operates flights in code share with Varig and TAM Linhas Aéreas.
The Bidasoa  is a river in the Basque Country of northern Spain and southern France that runs largely south to north. Named as such downstream of the small town of Oronoz-Mugairi  in the province of Navarra, the river actually results from the merger of several streams near the village "Erratzu", with the stream Baztan that rises at the north-eastern side of the mount Autza (1,306 m) being considered the source of the Bidasoa. It joins the Cantabrian Sea  between the towns of Hendaye and Hondarribia.
Libourne  is a commune in the Gironde department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. It is a sub-prefecture of the department.
Hayward Executive Airport is a municipal airport in Hayward, California. The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 categorized it as a "reliever airport". The towered airport near the east shore of San Francisco Bay was formerly the Hayward Air Terminal.
KBAD (920 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Las Vegas, Nevada and is owned by Lotus Communications. KBAD airs a all-sports radio format featuring programming from the NBC Sports Radio Network. 
Stephen Farrelly (born 28 January 1978) is an Irish professional wrestler and actor currently signed to the American professional wrestling promotion WWE, where he performs on the SmackDown brand under the ring name Sheamus ,
Gotthard is a Swiss hard rock band founded in Lugano by Steve Lee and Leo Leoni. Their last eleven albums have all reached number 1 in the Swiss album charts, making them one of the most successful Swiss acts ever.
Sonnenborgh Observatory (; obs. code: 015) is an astronomical observatory and museum open to the public, located in Utrecht, Netherlands. 
Aref al-Aref (, 1892–1973) was a Palestinian journalist, historian and politician. Aref al-Aref served as mayor of East Jerusalem in the 1950s, during the Jordanian annexation of the West Bank.
Maubeuge  is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Follo Fotballklubb is a football club from Ski, Akershus, Norway.
Bascharage  is a town and a former commune in south-western Luxembourg. Since 2012, it is part of the commune of Käerjeng.
Mont-Tremblant International Airport  is a single runway airport located in the township of La Macaza, about north of Mont-Tremblant, Quebec, Canada.
Unity is a town in the western part of the Canadian province of Saskatchewan 
Jean-Michel Saive (born 17 November 1969) is a former professional table tennis player from Belgium. Saive competed at seven consecutive Olympics between 1988 and 2012, and he was also a winner in singles at European Championship 1994.
Hagia Irene or Hagia Eirene , sometimes known also as Saint Irene, is a Greek Eastern Orthodox church located in the outer courtyard of Topkapı Palace in Istanbul. It is one of the few churches in Istanbul that has not been converted into a mosque. 
Rhythm Heritage was a 1970s American disco-funk band, best known for their 1976 US #1 single "Theme from "S.W.A.T."". It sold over one million copies and was awarded a gold disc by the Recording Industry Association of America  in February 1976. 
Hadas  is a Kuwaiti Islamist political organization. The party is an offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood.
Sarzana  is a town, "comune"  and former short-lived Catholic bishopric in the Province of La Spezia, of Liguria region, northwestern Italy, east of Spezia, on the railway to Pisa, at the point where the railway to Parma diverges to the north. In 2010 it had a population of 21,978.
Ballidu is a town in the Central Midlands division of the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about north of Perth. Ballidu is also north of the town of Wongan Hills which, along with a few other small towns such as Cadoux and Bindi Bindi make up the Shire of Wongan-Ballidu.
John Alec Jackson (born 15 August 1982) is a former English professional footballer who last played for League One club Charlton Athletic as a central midfielder, a left sided midfielder or as a left-back and is now the club's assistant manager.
Claude Autant-Lara (; 5 August 1901 – 5 February 2000) was a French film director and later Member of the European Parliament .
Afon Seiont  is a river in Gwynedd, Wales which runs into the Menai Strait.
Philip of Spain (15 March 1720 – 18 July 1765) was Infante of Spain by birth, and Duke of Parma from 1748 to 1765. He founded the House of Bourbon-Parma, a cadet line of the Spanish branch of the dynasty. He was a son-in-law of Louis XV.
Hawkesbury  Airport, , located east of Hawkesbury, Ontario, Canada, is one of three small airports between Ottawa and Montreal on the south shore of the Ottawa River.
Shanna McCullough (born April 1, 1960) is an American pornographic actress.
The Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America  is an American non-profit pro-Israel media-monitoring, research and membership organization. According to its website, CAMERA is "devoted to promoting accurate and balanced coverage of Israel and the Middle East." 
Ambae Island, also known as Aoba or "Leper's Island", is an island in the South Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, located near , approximately NNW of Vanuatu's capital city, Port Vila.
Georg Wolfgang Franz Panzer (31 May 1755 – 28 June 1829) was a German botanist and entomologist.
Essex County College  is a public community college in Essex County, New Jersey.
Thomas Christiansen Tarín (born 11 March 1973) is a football manager and retired player.
Tan Malaka (2 June 1897 – 21 February 1949) was a teacher, Indonesian philosopher, founder of Struggle Union  and Murba Party, independent guerrilla, Indonesian fighter, and Indonesian national hero. Tempo credited him as Father of the Republic of Indonesia 
Leonard William French OBE (8 October 1928 – 10 January 2017) was an Australian artist, known principally for major stained glass works. 
Geldern ") is a city in the federal German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is part of the district of Cleves, which is part of the Düsseldorf
Labinsk  is a town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Bolshaya Laba River  southeast of Krasnodar and southwest of Armavir. Population: 53,000 (1972).
The Utah Pride Center is a tax-exempt nonprofit organization in Salt Lake City. It provides services, events and activities to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender  people in Utah. 
Hayley Jane Lewis, OAM (born 2 March 1974), is an Australian former competitive swimmer best known for winning five gold medals and one bronze medal at the 1990 Commonwealth Games as a 15-year-old.
Tuilaepa Lupesoliai Neioti Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi (born 14 April 1945) is a Samoan politician who has been Prime Minister of Samoa since 1998.
The Patriotic Party was a far right political party in the United Kingdom.
KYUR, virtual channel 13 (VHF digital channel 12), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Anchorage, Alaska, United States. The station is owned by Vision Alaska LLC; Coastal Television Broadcasting Company LLC, which owns Fox affiliate KTBY (channel 4), operates KYUR under joint sales and shared services agreements. 
Katherine Burton (born September 10, 1957) is a Swiss-born Welsh-American actress, daughter of actor Richard Burton and Sybil Burton. On television, Burton received critical acclaim for performances in Shonda Rhimes's drama series as Ellis Grey on "Grey's Anatomy", and as Vice President Sally Langston on "Scandal". She has been nominated for three Primetime Emmy Awards and three Tony Awards.
Sir Rex Masterman Hunt, (29 June 192611 November 2012) was an English British Government diplomat and colonial administrator. He was Governor, Commander-in-Chief, and Vice Admiral of the Falkland Islands  between 1980 and September 1985. He became a household name in the United Kingdom during the Falklands War, after the Argentine invasion of the islands in 1982, when he was taken prisoner and temporarily removed from his position.
Fabrice Ndala Muamba (born 6 April 1988) is an English retired professional footballer who played for Arsenal, Birmingham City and Bolton Wanderers as a central midfielder. Born in Zaire , Muamba moved to England at the age of 11 and subsequently played for England up to under-21 level.
Yevgeny Viktorovich Sadovyi (; born 19 January 1973) is a retired Russian freestyle swimmer who won three gold medals at the 1992 Summer Olympics at Barcelona and was subsequently chosen by "Swimming World magazine" as the Male World Swimmer of the Year.
The Langeberg Range is a mountain range in the Western Cape province of South Africa. Its highest peak is Keeromsberg at 2075m and 15 km NE of the town of Worcester. 
Hu Jia (; born January 10, 1983 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a male Chinese diver who won the gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the men's 10 metre platform. He was in sixth place at the end of the preliminary round, and fourth place after the semi-finals, but put in an excellent performance in the finals to take first place.
Viktor Platonovich Nekrasov  (17 June 1911, Kiev – 3 September 1987, Paris) was a Russian writer, journalist and editor.
Nathan Kelsey Hall (March 28, 1810 – March 2, 1874) was a United States Representative from New York, the 14th United States Postmaster General and a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York.
Bobby Shew (born March 4, 1941 Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American jazz trumpet and flugelhorn player.
The Netherlands Open Air Museum  is an open-air museum and park located near Arnhem with antique houses, farms and factories from different parts of the Netherlands. The Netherlands Open Air Museum is a national museum focusing on the culture associated with the everyday lives of ordinary people.
Aalborg Airport  is a dual-use  airport located in Nørresundby, Aalborg Municipality, Denmark, which is northwest of Aalborg.
WTVG is a dual ABC/CW-affiliated television station licensed to Toledo, Ohio, United States, serving northwest Ohio and southeast Michigan. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on virtual and VHF channel 13 from a transmitter on Stadium Road in Oregon, Ohio. 
La Bourboule  is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Central South University  , is a national university of China located in Changsha, Hunan province, central south of People's Republic of China. CSU was established in April 2000 on the basis of the amalgamation of three former individual universities, and is a Chinese Ministry of Education Class A Double First Class University.
The Glenelg River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Ekaterini Voggoli (, , born October 30, 1970 in Larissa) is a retired Greek discus thrower.
Sharon Creech (born July 29, 1945) is an American writer of children's novels. She was the first American winner of the Carnegie Medal for British children's books and the first person to win both the American Newbery Medal and the British Carnegie.
Villa Santa Maria  is a town and "comune" in the province of Chieti, in the region of Abruzzo of southern Italy.
Almetyevsk  is a city in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the left bank of the Zay River  southeast of Kazan. Population: 77,000 (1969); 49,000 (1959).
CFSF-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 99.3 FM in Sturgeon Falls, Ontario. The station airs an adult contemporary format branded on-air as 99.3 The Moose. The station is owned by Vista Radio.
WCDX is a Mainstream Urban formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Mechanicsville, Virginia, serving the Richmond/Petersburg area. WCDX is owned and operated by Radio One. 
Giovanni Stradano or Jan Van der Straet or van der Straat or Stradanus or Stratensis (1523 – 2 November 1605) was a Flanders-born mannerist artist active mainly in 16th century Florence, Italy.
Svetlana Valentinovna Goncharenko (; born May 28, 1971 in Rostov-on-Don as Svetlana Doronina) is a former Russian athlete who mainly competed in the 200 metres. In addition to winning medals in individual contests, she has been a very successful relay runner, winning the bronze medal in 4x400 metres relay at the 2000 Olympics.
Republican Action  was a Spanish left-wing republican party between 1930 and 1934.
Alfred Riedl (born 2 November 1949) is an Austrian football manager and a former striker. His last coaching role was with Indonesia national football team.
Boort  is a town in Victoria, Australia, located next to Lake Boort, in the Shire of Loddon. The town is known for its native birdlife. 
Dunolly is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on the Dunolly - Maryborough Road, in the Shire of Central Goldfields. At the 2006 census, Dunolly had a population of 969.
Numurkah  is a town in Victoria, Australia, located on the Goulburn Valley Highway, north of Shepparton, in the Shire of Moira. At the , Numurkah had a population of 4,768.
Fossombrone is a town and "comune" in the province of Pesaro e Urbino, Marche, central Italy.
Cong Su (; born 1957 in Tianjin, China) is a Chinese composer.
Kanal 5 ("Channel 5") is a Swedish commercial television channel established in 1989. It is owned by the media corporation SBS Discovery Media, changing its ownership from ProSiebenSat.1 Media in April 2013.
Boris Mykolayovych Lyatoshinsky or Lyatoshynsky (, "Borys Mykolayovych Lyatoshyns′kyi"; January 3, 1895 – April 15, 1968) was a Ukrainian composer, conductor, and teacher. A leading member of the new generation of twentieth-century Ukrainian composers, he was awarded a number of accolades, including the honorary title of People's Artist of the Ukrainian SSR and two Stalin State Prizes.
The Nechako River arises on the Nechako Plateau east of the Kitimat Ranges of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia, Canada, and flows north toward Fort Fraser, then east to Prince George where it enters the Fraser River. "Nechako" is an anglicization of "netʃa koh", its name in the indigenous Carrier language which means "big river".
Tanja Szewczenko (born 26 July 1977) is a German figure skater and actress. She is the 1994 World bronze medalist, 1997 Champions Series Final silver medalist, 1998 European bronze medalist, and 1993 World Junior bronze medalist.
Pyramid Hill is a town in Victoria, Australia in the Shire of Loddon north of Melbourne and north of Bendigo. At the , Pyramid Hill had a population of 419. The town has a railway station.
Quillacollo is the capital of Quillacollo Province in Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. The municipality was established on 14 September 1905 under the Presidency of Ismail Montes.
Akron Executive Airport is in Akron, Summit County, Ohio. It is owned by the City of Akron; FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015 called it a "general aviation" airport.
Erwin Teufel (born 4 September 1939 in Zimmern ob Rottweil) is a German politician of the CDU.
Nagqu  is a prefecture-level city in the Chinese Autonomous region of Tibet. The former "Nagqu Prefecture" ceased to be as a separated prefecture, the prefecture-level city of Nagqu was approved to establish by the State Council on October 2, 2017 and officially established on May 7, 2018. Nagqu is the sixth prefecture-level city in Tibet after Lhasa, Shigatse, Chamdo, Nyingchi and Shannan, and it is also the prefecture-level city with the highest altitude.
Conchata Galen Ferrell (born March 28, 1943) is an American actress. Although she has been a regular castmember of five TV sitcom series, she is best known for playing Berta the housekeeper for all twelve seasons of the sitcom "Two and a Half Men". For her performances, she received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations (in 2005 and 2007).
Lotte Confectionery  is a Korean confectionery company headquartered in Yangpyeong-dong Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea. It was established in 1967, and its plants are located in Seoul, Daejeon, Yangsan, Pyeongtaek and Siheung. 
Kotlas  is a town in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Northern Dvina and Vychegda Rivers. Population: 
The Georgia Republican Party is one of the two major political parties in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is affiliated with the United States Republican Party .
Louis IX (also known as Louis the Rich; 23 February 1417 – 18 January 1479),  was Duke of Bavaria-Landshut from 1450. He was a son of Henry XVI the Rich and Margaret of Austria.
Delaware Stadium is a 22,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in Newark, Delaware, and is home to the University of Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens football team. The stadium is part of the David M. Nelson Athletic Complex, which includes the Bob Carpenter Center, Fred P. Rullo Stadium, the Fred Rust Ice Arena and the Delaware Field House.
Silkworm was an American indie rock band active from 1987 to 2005 whose core members were Tim Midyett, Andy Cohen, and Michael Dahlquist.
Christian Sean Malcolm (born 3 June 1979) is a retired Welsh athlete specialised in the 200 metres.
Eduard von Martens (18 April 1831 – 14 August 1904) also known as "Carl" or "Karl Eduard von Martens", was a German zoologist.
Davis Islands is a Tampa neighborhood and archipelago on two islands in Hillsborough County, Florida. Its proximity to Downtown Tampa and its views of the Port of Tampa have made it a popular area to live. The area's population was 5,474 at the 2010 census.
Persibat Batang is a semi-professional Indonesian football club who currently play in Liga 2. Persibat are one of the better-known First Division teams, and are well-known on a national level.
Laja River  is a river in Chile, along which can be found the Laja Falls. It is located in the Bío Bío Region. The source of the river is Laguna del Laja in the Andes, then flows westward through the Chilean Central Valley and terminates into the Bío Bío River, being an important tributary of it.
CIKI-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Rimouski, Quebec.
John III of Nuremberg (c. 1369 – 11 June 1420 in Plassenburg), Margrave of Brandenburg-Kulmbach from the House of Hohenzollern. He was elder son of Frederick V of Nuremberg and Elisabeth of Meissen.
Illiers-Combray is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in north central France.
Igor Vladimirovich Akinfeev (; born 8 April 1986) is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for and captains PFC CSKA Moscow.
Billy Ballew Motorsports was a team that competed in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series. They were formed in 1996 by Georgia businessman Billy Ballew.
Didim is a small town, popular seaside holiday resort, and district of Aydın Province on the Aegean coast of western Turkey, from the provincial capital city of Aydın. Didim is the site of the antique city of Didyma with its ruined Temple of Apollo.
Margaret J. Geller (born December 8, 1947) is an American astrophysicist at the Harvard–Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. Her work has included pioneering maps of the
Paragon is a power metal band from Hamburg, Germany.
Letizia Moratti (born Letizia Brichetto Arnaboldi; 26 November 1949) is an Italian businesswoman and former politician. She is the former mayor of Milan and current chairwoman of the management board of UBI Banca.
Penn State Abington is a commonwealth campus of the Pennsylvania State University and it is located in Abington, Pennsylvania. The campus is set on of wooded land and includes a duck pond, wooded trails, and many species of hardwood trees, The roughly 4000 undergraduate students  are taught by a full-time staff of over 150 professors and teaching assistants. 
The Sea and Cake is an American indie rock band with a jazz influence, based in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel (; 24 October 1821 in Zweibrücken, Germany – 13 August 1896 in Munich, German Empire) was a German mathematician. His mother was Julie Reinhold and his father was Justus Christian Felix Seidel.
Toro is a town and municipality in the province of Zamora, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain. It is located on a fertile high plain, northwest of Madrid at an elevation of .
Pilot Corporation  is a petroleum corporation in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States. Pilot operates the Pilot Food Mart convenience stores in Tennessee. 
Kim Byung-ji (born 8 April 1970) is a former football goalkeeper who played for the South Korean National Team as well as several clubs in both the South Korean K League Classic and Challenge leagues respectively. Kim is known for dyeing his hair in different colours, and is also renowned for his erratic play; having once travelled the length of the field and scored during a K-league match. He was in the South Korea National Team squad for both the 1998 FIFA World Cup and the 2002 FIFA World Cup, rivalling Lee Woon-jae for the goalkeeping position in 2002 FIFA World Cup.
The Volgograd Tractor Plant , formerly the "Dzerzhinskiy" Tractor Factory or the Stalingrad Tractor Plant, is a heavy equipment factory located in Volgograd, Russia. It was once one of the largest tractor manufacturing enterprises in the USSR. 
Redwater is a town in the Edmonton Capital Region of Alberta, Canada within Sturgeon County. It is located on Highway 38, approximately north of Edmonton. Its population was 1,915 in the 2011 census, while the town's municipal census conducted in 2012 counted a population of 2,116.
Livingstone College is a private, historically black Christian college in Salisbury, North Carolina. It is affiliated with the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church. Livingstone College is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award the Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science, Bachelor of Fine Arts, and Bachelor of Social Work degrees.
Galina Vyacheslavovna Malchugina (, born December 17, 1962 in Bryansk) is a retired sprinter from Russia. Competing for the Soviet  relay team, she won medals at the 1988 and 1992 Olympics. 
Parry Sound Area Municipal Airport, , is located southeast of Parry Sound, Ontario, Canada.
Leandro Machado Nascimento (born 22 March 1976), known as Machado, is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a striker.
Sarnia Chris Hadfield Airport is located east northeast of Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.
Bragg Memorial Stadium is a 25,500-seat football stadium in Tallahassee, Florida, United States. It opened in 1957 and was renovated in 1982. It is home to the Florida A&M Rattlers football team.
Fisher Stadium is a 13,132-seat multi-purpose stadium in Easton, Pennsylvania, United States, and is home to the Lafayette College Leopards football team. It opened in 1926 as Fisher Field.
Gondomar is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra. Home of Don Diego Sarmiento de Acuña, conde de Gondomar, one of the most renowned diplomats of Spanish imperial times, the main instigator of the "Spanish Match" that would have joined Charles I of England and the Infanta Maria Anna in marriage.
Soul SirkUS is a band that initially featured singer Jeff Scott Soto, guitarist Neal Schon, bassist Marco Mendoza, and drummer Deen Castronovo, later replaced by Virgil Donati.
Cangas, also known as Cangas do Morrazo, is a seaside resort in southwestern Galicia, Spain. It is both a town and municipality in the province of Pontevedra. 
As Neves  is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.
Pontecesures is a municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra.
Guerino Mazzola (born 1947) is a Swiss mathematician, musicologist, jazz pianist as well as book writer.
Rafael Arutyunyan (, "Harutyunyan"; ; born July 5, 1957) is a Georgian-Armenian figure skating coach. He has coached in Armenia, Russia and the United States.
Barton College is a private liberal arts college located in Wilson, North Carolina. Barton College is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, the NC Association of Colleges and Universities; the NC Department of Public; the NC Board of Nursing; and the Committee of Allied Health Education and Accreditation of the American Medical Association.
The Hanish Islands  are an island group in the Red Sea. Most of them are a part of Yemen, but before 1998 they were claimed by Eritrea as well. 
Richard Morris Titmuss CBE, FBA (1907–1973) was a pioneering British social researcher and teacher. He founded the academic discipline of Social Administration  and held the founding chair in the subject at the London School of Economics.
Weber is an Italian company which produces carburetors; it is owned by Magneti Marelli Powertrain S.p.A., which is in turn part of the Fiat Group. 
Zapolyarny  is a town in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kola Peninsula, northeast of the Kola Superdeep Borehole project. Population: 
Bablicon was an Elephant 6-related free-jazz band consisting of members of Neutral Milk Hotel and The Gerbils.
Thiesi  is a town and "comune" located in the northern province of Sassari, in Sardinia, Italy. It has a population of 3,165.
DeMotte is a town in Keener Township, Jasper County, Indiana, United States. The population was 3,814 at the 2010 census.
Millersville University of Pennsylvania  is a public university in Millersville, Pennsylvania. It is one of the fourteen schools that comprise the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education . 
The Gombak River  is a river which flows through Selangor and Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia. It is a tributary of the Klang River. The point where it meets the Klang River is the origin of Kuala Lumpur's name.
Ayalurpuzha River is one of the tributaries of the river Gayathripuzha. "Gayathripuzha" is one of the main tributaries of the Bharathapuzha River, the second-longest river in Kerala, South India.
Reus Airport is located by the beaches of Costa Daurada, equidistant in relation to the town of Constantí and the city of Reus and approximately from the city center of Tarragona, in Catalonia, Spain. The airport receives a large amount of tourist traffic from passengers destined for the beach resorts of Salou and Cambrils as well as for the center of Barcelona, which is approximately to the northeast. It is also close to one of Europe's largest theme resorts, PortAventura World, and the Mountains of Prades, a Mediterranean forest in the comarca of Baix Camp.
Harman International Industries, Inc., commonly known as Harman, is an American subsidiary of South Korea-based Samsung Electronics that produces, designs and engineers connected products for automakers, consumers and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems; audio and visual products, enterprise automation; and connected services. Headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, Harman maintains major operations in the Americas, Europe, as well as Asia and markets its products under several brands; such as AKG, AMX, Becker, Crown, Harman Kardon, Infinity, JBL, Lexicon, dbx, DigiTech, Mark Levinson, Martin, Revel, Soundcraft, Studer, Arcam, and BSS Audio.
Hazara  is a region in the northeastern part of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located east of the Indus River and comprises seven districts: Abbottabad, Battagram, Haripur, Mansehra, Upper Kohistan, Lower Kohistan, and Torghar.
Donji Miholjac  is a town in the Slavonia region of Croatia, on the river Drava and the border with Hungary.
The Chicago Surface Lines  was operator of the street railway system of Chicago, Illinois, from the years 1913 to 1947. The firm is a predecessor of today's publicly owned operator, the Chicago Transit Authority.
XHLAR-TDT is a television station in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico. It is owned by Televisa and carries its Las Estrellas network.
Jenni N. Meno (born November 10, 1970 in Westlake, Ohio) is an American pair skater. With partner and husband Todd Sand, she is the 1998 World silver medalist, a two-time World bronze medalist (1995, 1996), and a three-time U.S. national champion (1994–96).
Leon Benois (; 1856 in Peterhof – 1928 in Leningrad) was a Russian architect from the Benois family. 
Petchtai Wongkamlao, (, , ; born on June 24, 1965, in Yasothon Province, Thailand, is a Thai comedian, actor and film director. He is best known in Thailand by his stage name, Mum Jokmok (, , ); and is a popular Thai television personality. 
Sam Mirza , better known by his dynastic name of Shah Safi , was the sixth Safavid shah  of Iran, ruling from 1629 to 1642.
Plectrude  (died 718) was the consort of Pepin of Herstal, the mayor of the palace and duke of the Franks, from about 670. She was the daughter of Hugobert, seneschal of Clovis IV, and Irmina of Oeren. She was the regent of Neustria during the minority of her grandson Theudoald from 714 until 718.
Exmouth Town Football Club is a football club based in Exmouth, Devon, England. They are currently members of the and play at Southern Road.
WAQP is a Tri-State Christian Television  owned-and-operated television station licensed to Saginaw, Michigan, United States and serving the Flint/Tri-Cities television market. It broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 48 (or virtual channel 49 via PSIP) from a transmitter near Chesaning. The main WAQP signal covers Flint, Saginaw, Bay City and Midland, and goes as far southwest as Lansing.
Illich Iron & Steel Works  is the second largest metallurgical enterprise in Ukraine, after Kryvorizhstal. It is located in Mariupol'.
Salah Hissou  (born January 16, 1972 in Ait Taghia, Kasba Tadla) is a long-distance runner from Morocco, who won the gold medal over 5000 metres at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics in Seville. With 26:38.08 he also set a world record over 10,000 metres in Brussels in 1996 and won a bronze medal over 10,000 m at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.
Ron Dante (born Carmine John Granito, August 22, 1945) is an American singer, songwriter, session vocalist, and record producer. Dante is best known as the lead singer of the fictional cartoon band The Archies; he was also the voice of The Cuff Links and co-produced Barry Manilow's first nine albums.
Norbert Grupe (August 25, 1939 – March 10, 2004), better known outside Germany by his stage name Wilhelm von Homburg, was a German wrestler, boxer, and actor, best known for his portrayal of Vigo in the film "Ghostbusters II".
Santa Comba is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It belongs to the comarca of Xallas.
The Mundaneum was an institution which aimed to gather together all the world's knowledge and classify it according to a system developed called the Universal Decimal Classification. It was developed at the turn of the 20th century by Belgian lawyers Paul Otlet and Henri La Fontaine.
Amioun  is the capital of the predominantly Greek Orthodox Koura District  in the north of Lebanon.
James Stewart (died 16 July 1309) was the 5th hereditary High Steward of Scotland and a Guardian of Scotland during the First Interregnum.
John III the Pitiless, Duke of Bavaria-Straubing (1374–1425), of the House of Wittelsbach, was first bishop of Liège 1389–1418 and then duke of Bavaria-Straubing and count of Holland and Hainaut 1418–1425. 
SDA Bocconi School of Management  is the graduate business school of Bocconi University and is considered one of the most prestigious business schools in Europe.
Alata is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department in the Corsica region of France. It is within the metropolitan area of the capital Ajaccio.
The Industrial University of Santander , abbreviated in Spanish with the acronym UIS, is a public university system, based in a coeducational, and research model. The university serves the Santander Department, being the main campus located in the city of Bucaramanga, Santander, Colombia. The university also has satellite campuses across the department in the cities of Barrancabermeja, Barbosa, Málaga, Piedecuesta, Socorro.
Narita International Airport Corporation owns a 68.39% majority stake in Shibayama Railway as of July 2009. The remainder is owned by Keisei Electric Railway, Japan Airlines, the prefectural government, and others.
Hajjah  is the capital city of Hajjah Governorate in north-western Yemen. It is located 127 kilometres northwest of Sana'a, at an elevation of about 1800 metres. As of 2003, the Hajjah City District had a population of 53,887 inhabitants.
Richard Edlund, A.S.C. (born December 6, 1940) is a multi-Academy Award-winning US special effects cinematographer.
Curtis Roosevelt (April 19, 1930–September 26, 2016) was an American writer. Roosevelt was the son of Anna Roosevelt and her first husband, Curtis Bean Dall. 
Myrtle McAteer (June 12, 1878 – October 26, 1952) was an American tennis player around the turn of the 20th century.
The Detroit and Mackinac Railway , informally known as the "Turtle Line", was a railroad in the northeastern part of the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The main line ran from Bay City north to Cheboygan; it operated from 1894 to 1992.
Georges Speicher (; 8 June 1907 – 24 January 1978) was a French cyclist who won the 1933 Tour de France along with three stage wins, and the 1933 World Cycling Championship.
Far North Queensland is the northernmost part of the state of Queensland, Australia. Centered on the city of Cairns, the region stretches north to the Torres Strait, and west to the Gulf Country. The region has Australia's only international border, with the independent nation of Papua New Guinea.
Koggala Airport  in Sri Lanka was originally a Royal Air Force  Station RAF Koggala. It is now the SLAF Koggala, used for domestic flights and for military purposes.
Simon Peyton Jones (born 18 January 1958) is a British computer scientist who researches the implementation and applications of functional programming languages, particularly lazy functional programming. 
Frans Oskar Merikanto  (5 August 1868, Helsinki 17 February 1924) was a Finnish musician and composer.
The Drakensberg  is the name given to the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment, which encloses the central Southern African plateau. The Great Escarpment reaches its greatest elevation in this region – . It is located in South Africa and Lesotho. 
Anna Pavlovna of Russia (; Dutch: "Anna Paulowna"; 18 January 1795 [OS 7 January] — 1 March 1865) was a queen consort of the Netherlands.
Senior General Than Shwe (; ; born 2 February 1933) is a Burmese strongman politician who was the head of state of Burma from 1992 to 2011 as Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council . During this period, he held key positions of power including Prime Minister of Burma, Commander-in-chief of Myanmar Defense Services and head of the Union Solidarity and Development Association. 
Samuel George Davis Jr. (December 8, 1925 – May 16, 1990) was an American singer, musician, dancer, actor, vaudevillian, comedian and activist, noted for his impressions of actors, musicians and other celebrities. At the age of three, Davis Jr. began his career in vaudeville with his father, Sammy Davis Sr. and the Will Mastin Trio, which toured nationally.
Copenhagen Airport, Kastrup  is the main international airport serving Copenhagen, Denmark, the rest of Zealand, the Øresund Region, and a large part of southern Sweden including Scania. It is the largest airport in the Nordic countries with 30 million passengers in 2018 and one of the oldest international airports in Europe. 
Sinop, historically known as Sinope , is a city with a population of 36,734 on the isthmus of İnce Burun , near Cape Sinope  which is situated on the most northern edge of the Turkish side of the Black Sea coast, in the ancient region of Paphlagonia, in modern-day northern Turkey. The city serves as the capital of Sinop Province.
Lucie-Simplice-Camille-Benoît Desmoulins (; 2 March 17605 April 1794) was a journalist and politician who played an important role in the French Revolution. Desmoulins was tried and executed alongside Danton when the Committee of Public Safety reacted against Dantonist opposition. 
Edward the Exile (1016 – 19 April 1057), also called "Edward Ætheling", was the son of King Edmund Ironside and of Ealdgyth. He spent most of his life in exile in the Kingdom of Hungary following the defeat of his father by Cnut the Great.
Zara Anne Elizabeth Tindall (née Phillips; born 15 May 1981) is a member of the British royal family, an equestrian and Olympian. She is the daughter of Princess Anne and Mark Phillips and the eldest granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II.
Marie-Jeanne 'Manon' Roland de la Platière (Paris, March 17, 1754 – Paris, November 8, 1793), born Marie-Jeanne Phlipon, and best known under the name Madame Roland, was a French revolutionary, salonnière and writer.
The Zwickauer Mulde  is a river in Saxony, Germany. It is the left tributary of the Mulde and in length.
Valeri Nikolayevich Kubasov (; 7 January 1935 – 19 February 2014) was a Soviet/Russian cosmonaut who flew on two missions in the Soyuz programme as a flight engineer: Soyuz 6 and Soyuz 19 , and commanded Soyuz 36 in the Intercosmos programme. On 21 July 1975, the Soyuz 7K-TM module used for ASTP landed in Kazakhstan at 5:51 p.m. and Kubasov was the first to exit the craft. Kubasov performed the first welding experiments in space, along with Georgy Shonin.
, also known as , is an international airline, headquartered in Shinagawa Tokyo, Japan. Its main hubs are Tokyo's Narita International Airport and Tokyo International Airport , as well as Osaka's Kansai International Airport and Osaka International Airport. JAL group companies include Japan Airlines, J-Air, JAL Express, Japan Air Commuter, Japan Transocean Air, ZIPAIR Tokyo and Ryukyu Air Commuter for domestic feeder services, and JAL Cargo for cargo and mail services. 
Sheep Island is an uninhabited grassy island of around , located just over from the shore of Walney Island, opposite Snab Point. It is one of the Islands of Furness and is in the Borough of Barrow-in-Furness in Cumbria in north-west England. 
Desmond Kevin Howard (born May 15, 1970) is a former National Football League  player. Howard was known mostly as a return specialist but also played wide receiver. He is currently a college football analyst for ESPN.
Foam Lake is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada. It had a population of 1,123 in 2006.
Imanol Harinordoquy (born 20 February 1980) is a former French rugby union player. He typically played as a number 8 for Stade Toulousain at club level in the Top 14 and for France internationally. Before signing with Biarritz ahead of the 2004–05 season, he played club rugby at Pau.
Eduard Aleksandrovich Koksharov (, born 4 November 1975) is a Russian handball player and coach of the Russian national team.
The Gulf, Mobile and Ohio was a Class I railroad in the central United States whose primary routes extended from Mobile, Alabama, and New Orleans, Louisiana, to St. Louis and Kansas City, Missouri, as well as Chicago, Illinois.
Suzuki has spent the majority of his playing career with Kashima Antlers, playing six stints for the team over the course of ten years, in between short periods playing in Brazil and Belgium. Suzuki played 87 games in the J1 League for Kashima, scoring 17 goals, and helping the team win the J1 Championship in 1996, 1998, 2000 and 2001.
The Sutter Buttes  are a small circular complex of eroded volcanic lava domes which rise as buttes above the flat plains of the Sacramento Valley in Sutter County, Northern California. They are situated just outside Yuba City in the northern part of the state's Central Valley.
Robert Earl Keen (born January 11, 1956) is an American singer-songwriter and entertainer. Debuting with 1984's "No Kinda Dancer", the Houston native has recorded 18 full-length albums for both independent and major record labels. His songs have had cover versions recorded by several country, folk and Texas country music musicians, including George Strait, Joe Ely, Lyle Lovett, The Highwaymen, Nanci Griffith, and the Dixie Chicks.
Scottsdale Airport is north of downtown Scottsdale, in Maricopa County, Arizona. Most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, but Scottsdale Airport is SDL to the FAA and SCF to the IATA .
Groblersdal is a farming town situated 32 km north of the 178 million m³ Loskop Dam in the Sekhukhune District of Limpopo.
Marques Barrett Houston (born August 4, 1981) is an American R&B singer, songwriter, actor and record producer. A member of the R&B group Immature/IMx from 1990 until 2001, and went solo in 2003. 
Gottfried von Einem (24 January 1918 – 12 July 1996) was an Austrian composer. He is known chiefly for his operas influenced by the music of Stravinsky and Prokofiev, as well as by jazz. 
Philip Grant Anderson (born 20 March 1958) is an Australian former professional racing cyclist who was the first non-European to wear the yellow jersey of the Tour de France.
Almodis de la Marche ( 1020 – 16 October 1071) was a French noble. She was famed for her marriage career, in particularly for her third marriage to Ramon Berenguer I, Count of Barcelona, with whom she committed double bigamy in 1053, for which the Pope had them excommunicated.
Leon "Leo" Jogiches (German: "Leo Jogiches"; Russian: Лев "Лео" Йогихес; 1867–1919), also commonly known by the party name Jan Tyszka, was a Marxist revolutionary active in Poland, Lithuania and Germany.
Balchik  is a Black Sea coastal town and seaside resort in the Southern Dobruja area of northeastern Bulgaria. It is located in Dobrich Province and is 42 km northeast of Varna. 
Nicholas  Mercator (c. 1620, Holstein – 1687, Versailles), also known by his Germanic name "Kauffmann", was a 17th-century mathematician.
John Jacob Rhodes Jr. (September 18, 1916 – August 24, 2003) was an American lawyer and politician. A member of the Republican Party, Rhodes was elected as a U.S. Representative from the state of Arizona. 
Tulane Stadium was an outdoor football stadium located in New Orleans, that stood from 1926 to 1980. It is officially the Third Tulane Stadium and replaced the "Second Tulane Stadium" where the Telephone Exchange Building is now located. 
Yelarbon is a town and a locality in the Goondiwindi Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Yelarbon had a population of 364 people.
Luigi Di Biagio (; born 3 June 1971) is an Italian football manager and former footballer, who last coached the Italy U-21 team. A former defensive midfielder, Di Biagio last played for Ascoli Calcio 1898 in 2007, and previously also played for several other Italian clubs throughout his career, including Roma and Internazionale, in particular. 
Thomaz Soares da Silva, also known as Zizinho (; 14 October 1921 – 8 February 2002), was a Brazilian football player, who played as an attacking midfielder for the Brazil national football team. He came to international prominence at the 1950 World Cup, where he scored two goals. 
San Diego Mesa College  is a public community college in Clairemont, San Diego, California. It is the largest community college in the city of San Diego and part of the San Diego Community College District.
Lara is a small town north of the City of Greater Geelong, 18 km north-east of the Geelong CBD, inland from the Princes Freeway to Melbourne.
Flying Fish Cove , ) is the capital city and main settlement of Australia's Christmas Island. Although it was originally named after British survey-ship "Flying-Fish", many maps simply label it “The Settlement”. 
Haenertsburg is a village situated on the edge of the Great Escarpment in the Limpopo Province of South Africa, on the R71 road between Polokwane  and Tzaneen en route to the Kruger National Park.
Philip Dennis Hobsbaum (29 June 1932 – 28 June 2005) was a British teacher, poet and critic.
Alfred Roubenovich "Avet" Terterian  (, July 29, 1929 in Baku, Transcaucasian SSR, Soviet Union – December 11, 1994 in Yekaterinburg, Russia) was an Armenian composer, awarded the Konrad Adenauer Prize.
Christiana is an agricultural town of about 16,000 inhabitants on the banks of the Vaal River in North West province, South Africa The town is located on the N12 national route between Bloemhof and Warrenton, on the way to Kimberley . It is the administrative centre of Lekwa-Teemane Local Municipality.
Catherine Carey, after her marriage Catherine Knollys and later known as both Lady Knollys and Lady Catherine Knollys, (c. 1524 – 15 January 1569), was chief Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth I, who was her first cousin.
Air Austral is an airline based at the Roland Garros Airport in the French overseas department of Réunion in the Indian Ocean. It operates scheduled services from Réunion to metropolitan France, South Africa, Thailand, India and a number of destinations in the Indian Ocean. The company has eight airplanes in the fleet and employs around 900 people.
The Iraqi Turkmen Front  is a political movement founded in 1995 which seeks to represent the Iraqi Turkmen people. Since the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003, the ITF has contested control of Kirkuk and other areas of northern Iraq. 
WPLG, virtual and VHF digital channel 10, is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Miami, Florida, United States and also serving Fort Lauderdale. Owned by the BH Media subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway as its sole broadcast property, WPLG maintains studios on West Hallandale Beach Boulevard (SR 858) in Pembroke Park, and its transmitter is located in Miami Gardens.
Coen is a town and coastal locality in the Shire of Cook, Queensland, Australia. The town of Coen is inland on the Peninsula Developmental Road, the main road on the Cape York Peninsula in far northern Queensland. In the , Coen had a population of 364 people.
Frances de la Tour, also Frances J. de Lautour, (born 30 July 1944) is an English actress, known for her role as Miss Ruth Jones in the television sitcom "Rising Damp" from 1974 until 1978. She is a Tony Award winner and three-time Olivier Award winner.
The Three Bishoprics  constituted a province of pre-revolutionary France consisting of the dioceses of Metz, Verdun, and Toul within the Lorraine region. The three dioceses were Prince-bishoprics of the Holy Roman Empire until they were seized by King Henry II of France between April and June 1552. 
Eugene Joseph Dionne Jr. (; born April 23, 1952) is an American journalist and political commentator, and a long-time op-ed columnist for "The Washington Post". He is also a Senior Fellow in Governance Studies at the Brookings Institution, a University Professor in the Foundations of Democracy and Culture at the McCourt School of Public Policy of Georgetown University, and an NPR, MSNBC, and PBS commentator.
Isabeli Bergossi Fontana (born 4 July 1983) is a Brazilian supermodel.
Charles-Theodore-Henri De Coster (20 August 1827 – 7 May 1879) was a Belgian novelist whose efforts laid the basis for a native Belgian literature.
August Willich (November 19, 1810 – January 22, 1878), born Johann August Ernst von Willich, was a military officer in the Prussian Army and a leading early proponent of communism in Germany. In 1847 he discarded his title of nobility. He later immigrated to the United States and became a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Salisbury Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut. It is located in Hudson Strait, and has an area of .
Baillie-Hamilton Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada. The island is rectangular in shape, , and has an area of .
The Bad River is a river flowing to Lake Superior in northern Wisconsin in the United States. It flows for in Ashland County, draining an area of in portions of Ashland, Bayfield and Iron counties. 
Ingham is a town and locality in the Shire of Hinchinbrook, North Queensland, Australia. It is the administrative centre for the Shire of Hinchinbrook.
Iglesias  is a "comune" and city in the province of South Sardinia in Italy. It was co-capital of the province of Carbonia-Iglesias with Carbonia, and the province's second-largest community.
Ghorbanali Dorri-Najafabadi (; born 1950) is an Iranian politician and cleric, previously the Minister of Intelligence of Islamic Republic of Iran. He is the current head of Supreme Administrative Court.
Air Creebec Inc. is a regional airline based in Val-d'Or, Quebec, Canada. It operates scheduled and charter services to 16 destinations in Quebec and Ontario. Its main base is Val-d'Or Airport, with a hub at Timmins/Victor M. Power Airport.
Taldom  is a town and the administrative center of Taldomsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located north of Moscow, on a suburban railway connecting Moscow to Savyolovo. Population: 
The Rwanda Defence Force  is the national army of Rwanda. The country's armed forces were originally known as the Rwandan Armed Forces , but following the victory of the Rwandan Patriotic Front  in the country's civil war in 1994, it was renamed to the Rwandan Patriotic Army , and later to its current name.
The Tinayguk River is a tributary of the North Fork Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Heading in the Endicott Mountains of the Brooks Range, the river flows generally west then south to meet the larger river about north of Bettles.
Herring Bay is a bay in Anne Arundel County in the U.S. state of Maryland. It lies in the mid-Chesapeake Bay along the western shore.
C. J. "Keith" van Rijsbergen FREng  (born 1943) is a professor of computer science and the leader of the Glasgow Information Retrieval Group based at the University of Glasgow. He is one of the founders of modern Information Retrieval and the author of the seminal monograph "Information Retrieval" and of the textbook "The Geometry of Information Retrieval".
Juba is the capital and largest city in the Republic of South Sudan. The city is situated on the White Nile and also serves as the capital of Jubek State.
Cheryl Ann Oteri (born September 19, 1962) is an American comic actress who was a regular cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 1995 to 2000.
Fushun ) is a prefecture level city in Liaoning province, China, about east of Shenyang, with a population of 2,138,090 inhabitants (2010 census) and a total area of , of which is the city proper. Situated on the Hun River , it is one of the industrial and economic development hubs in Liaoning.
Adolf Jellinek ( "Aharon Jelinek"; 26 June 1821 in Drslavice, nearby Uherské Hradiště, Habsburg Moravia (now Czech Republic)28 December 1893 in Vienna) was an Austrian rabbi and scholar. After filling clerical posts in Leipzig (1845–1856), he became a preacher at the Leopoldstädter Tempel in Vienna in 1856.
Joseba Andoni Etxeberria Lizardi (born 5 September 1977) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a winger, and is the manager of Bilbao Athletic.
Air Antilles is a French airline based at Pointe-à-Pitre International Airport in Guadeloupe, France. It is a regional airline operating scheduled and seasonal services in the French Antilles.
The Seoul Olympic Stadium , also known as Jamsil Olympic Stadium , is a multi-purpose stadium in Seoul, South Korea. It is the main stadium built for the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 10th Asian Games in 1986. It is the centrepiece of the Seoul Sports Complex in the Songpa District, in the southeast of the city south of the Han River.
Marthe Camille Bachasson, 3rd Count of Montalivet (24 April 1801, Valence – 4 January 1880, Saint-Bouize) was a French statesman and a Peer of France.
Koninklijke Patro Eisden Maasmechelen is a Belgian football club from the municipality of Maasmechelen in Limburg.
Bruniquel  is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
The Poison Girls were an English anarcho-punk band from Brighton. The singer/guitarist, Vi Subversa, was a middle-aged mother of two at the band's inception, and wrote songs that explored sexuality and gender roles, often from an anarchist perspective. 
Dennis Dunaway (born December 9, 1946 in Cottage Grove, Oregon) is an American musician, best known as the original bass guitarist for Alice Cooper (1962–1975, 1999, 2010, 2011, 2015, 2017).
Constance of Arles (c. 986 – 28 July 1032), also known as Constance of Provence, was queen of France as the third spouse of King Robert II of France.
The Indian National Congress  or Congress  was a political party in India formed when the Congress party split following the expulsion of Indira Gandhi.
The University of Oradea  is an accredited public university located in Oradea in north-western Romania.
Harold Sidney Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Rothermere, (26 April 1868 – 26 November 1940) was a leading British newspaper proprietor, owner of Associated Newspapers Ltd. He is known in particular, with his brother Alfred Harmsworth, the later Viscount Northcliffe, for the development of the "Daily Mail" and "Daily Mirror". He was a pioneer of popular journalism.
Don Caballero was an American instrumental rock group from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The group took its name from the character Guy Caballero, portrayed by Joe Flaherty, on the sketch comedy show "Second City Television". 
Franz Erdmann Mehring (27 February 1846 – 28 January 1919) was a German communist and a revolutionary socialist politician who was a senior member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany during the German Revolution of 1918–1919.
Saint Lullus  (born about 710 in Wessex, died 16 October 786 in Hersfeld) was the first permanent archbishop of Mainz, succeeding Saint Boniface, and first abbot of the Benedictine Hersfeld Abbey.
Francisco Pacheco del Río (bap. 3 November 1564 – 27 November 1644) was a Spanish painter, best known as the teacher and father-in-law of Diego Velázquez and Alonzo Cano, and for his textbook on painting, entitled "Art of Painting", that is an important source for the study of 17th-century practice in Spain. 
Antti Amatus Aarne (December 5, 1867 in Pori – February 2, 1925 in Helsinki) was a Finnish folklorist.
Ontario Express was an airline in Canada. 
Kelso  is a market town in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland. Within the boundaries of the historic county of Roxburghshire, it lies where the rivers Tweed and Teviot have their confluence. 
Gleb Olegovich Pavlovsky (, born 5 March 1951, Odessa) is a Russian political scientist . During the Soviet era, he was prosecuted as a dissident.
Archibald Gerald Thompson (born 23 October 1978) is an Australian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Murray United in the National Premier Leagues Victoria 2, in addition to serving as a club ambassador for Melbourne Victory FC.
Lee Eun-ju (22 December 1980 – February 22, 2005) was a South Korean actress. She was the star of hit films including "Taegukgi" and "The Scarlet Letter". 
José Francisco "Kikin" Fonseca Guzmán (born 2 October 1979) is a former Mexican footballer who played as a striker. Fonseca currently works as a football analyst for Televisa Deportes Network.
The River Ayr  is a river in Ayrshire, Scotland. At it is the longest river in the county.
KLZZ (103.7 FM) is a radio station in St. Cloud, Minnesota airing a classic rock format. The station is owned by Townsquare Media.
Clifford Sydney Bastin (14 March 1912 – 4 December 1991) was an English footballer who played as a winger for Exeter City and Arsenal football club. He also played for the England national football team. 
The Youngblood Brass Band is a brass band from Oregon, Wisconsin, United States that was started by students at Oregon High School in 1995 when they were known as the One Lard Biskit Brass Band with the name changed to the current name in 1998.
The Kallang River  is the longest river in Singapore, flowing for 10 kilometres from the Lower Peirce Reservoir  to the Kallang Basin. It originates in the planning area of Central Water Catchment, flows in a southeast direction through Bishan and Toa Payoh, before finally arriving in Kallang.
Ioan Petru Culianu or Couliano (5 January 1950 – 21 May 1991) was a Romanian historian of religion, culture, and ideas, a philosopher and political essayist, and a short story writer. He served as professor of the history of religions at the University of Chicago from 1988 to his death, and had previously taught the history of Romanian culture at the University of Groningen.
Derek Stanley Arthur Warwick (born 27 August 1954) is a British former racing driver from England, who lives in Jersey. He raced for many years in Formula One, collecting four podiums but never winning a Grand Prix. He did, however, win the 1992 24 Hours of Le Mans and 1992 World Sportscar Championship.
Karen Lee Orzolek (born November 22, 1978), is a South Korean-born American singer, songwriter, musician, and record producer. She is the lead vocalist for American rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
Charles Layman "Charlie" Terry Jr. (September 17, 1900 – February 6, 1970) was an American lawyer and politician from Dover, in Kent County, Delaware. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as Chief Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court as well as Governor of Delaware.
Hamzah Haz (born 15 February 1940) is an Indonesian politician. He was the chairman of the United Development Party (1998-2007) and served as the ninth vice-president from 2001 until 2004.
The East Somerset Railway is a heritage railway in Somerset, running between Cranmore and Mendip Vale. Prior to the Beeching Axe, the railway was once part of the former Cheddar Valley line that ran from Witham to Yatton, meeting the Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway at Wells.
KCOM Group  is a UK communications and IT services provider. Its headquarters are in the city of Kingston upon Hull, a unitary authority in the ceremonial county of the East Riding of Yorkshire, and it serves local residents and businesses with Internet and telephony services. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Narendra Krishna Karmarkar (born 1957) is an Indian mathematician. Karmarkar developed Karmarkar's algorithm. 
Albert III of Austria (9 September 1349 – 29 August 1395), known as Albert with the Braid  , a member of the House of Habsburg, was Duke of Austria from 1365 until his death.
The Deep Freeze Range  is a rugged mountain range, over long and about wide, rising between Priestley and Campbell glaciers in Victoria Land, Antarctica, and extending from the edge of the polar plateau to Terra Nova Bay. Peaks in the low and mid portions of the range were observed by early British expeditions to the Ross Sea.
The Hudson Mountains is a group of parasitic cones, forming nunataks just above the Antarctic ice sheet in west Ellsworth Land. These mountains lie just east of Cranton Bay and Pine Island Bay at the eastern extremity of Amundsen Sea, and are bounded on the north by Cosgrove Ice Shelf and on the south by Pine Island Glacier.
Gertrude of Merania (1185 – 28 September 1213) was Queen of Hungary as the first wife of Andrew II from 1205 until her assassination. She was regent during her husband's absence.
James Fitzpatrick (born 4 April 1952) is a British Labour politician and former firefighter, who has been the Member of Parliament  for Poplar and Limehouse since the 2010 general election. From 1997 to the 2010 election he was the Member for Poplar and Canning Town.
Ngongotaha  is a town on the western shores of Lake Rotorua in New Zealand's North Island.
Chu Sang-mi (born 9 May 1973) is a South Korean actress. She was born in Seoul, South Korea, to the popular stage actor Chu Song-woong. Along with Lee Byung-hun and Choi Ji-woo, Chu co-starred in the film "Everybody Has Secrets", taking the role as the eldest sister of the trio.
Casuals F.C. were an amateur football club based in London, formed in 1883. They merged with Corinthian in 1939 to form the Corinthian-Casuals, a club which still exists.
Serle  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, Italy. It is bordered by the neighboring communes of Nuvolento, Caino and Botticino.
Torbole Casaglia  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
James S. Abrahams (born May 10, 1944) is an American movie director and writer, best known as a member of Zucker, Abrahams and Zucker.
Kehl  is a town in southwestern Germany in the Ortenaukreis, Baden-Württemberg. It is located on the river Rhine, directly opposite the French city of Strasbourg .
The Whirlpool Corporation is an American multinational manufacturer and marketer of home appliances, headquartered in Benton Charter Township, Michigan, United States, near Benton Harbor, Michigan. The Fortune 500 company has annual revenue of approximately $21 billion, 92,000 employees, and more than 70 manufacturing and technology research centers around the world. The company markets Whirlpool, Maytag, KitchenAid, Jenn-Air, Amana, Gladiator GarageWorks, Inglis, Estate, Brastemp, Bauknecht, Ignis, Indesit, and Consul.
Rigas Feraios  or Velestinlis ) ; 1757 – 24 June 1798) was a Greek writer, political thinker and revolutionary, active in the Modern Greek Enlightenment, remembered as a Greek national hero, a victim of the Balkan uprising against the Ottoman Empire and a pioneer of the Greek War of Independence.
WEPN-FM (98.7 MHz) branded as "ESPN New York 98.7 FM", is an all-sports radio station licensed to New York City. The station is owned by Emmis Communications and its operations are controlled by the Walt Disney Company, ESPN Radio's majority owner, under a local marketing agreement. The station has its studios on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, and its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building.
Cornerstone University is an independent, non-denominational Christian university in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
The Lawrence Arms are an American punk rock band from Chicago, formed in 1999. They have released six full-length albums and toured extensively.
Max Weinreich (, "Meyer Lazarevich Vaynraykh", 22 April 1894 in Kuldīga, Russian Empire, now Latvia – 29 January 1969 in New York City, United States) was a Russian Jewish linguist, specializing in sociolinguistics and Yiddish, and the father of the linguist Uriel Weinreich, who edited the "Modern Yiddish-English English-Yiddish Dictionary".
Ngatea  is a small town on the Hauraki Plains in the North Island of New Zealand. It is located 18 kilometres southwest of Thames and 70 kilometres southeast of Auckland. Ngatea lies on the Piako River, eight kilometres south of its outflow into the Firth of Thames.
World Community Grid  is an effort to create the world's largest public computing grid to tackle scientific research projects that benefit humanity. Launched on November 16, 2004, it is co-ordinated by IBM with client software currently available for Windows, Linux, macOS, and Android operating systems.
Ferdinand Berthoud, born on 18 March 1727 in Plancemont-sur-Couvet , died in Groslay  on 20 June 1807, and was a scientist and watchmaker. He became master watchmaker in Paris in 1753. 
Vallio Terme  is a "comune" in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy. Neighbouring communes are Agnosine, Caino, Gavardo, Odolo, Paitone, Sabbio Chiese and Serle.
Victor Adler (24 June 1852 – 11 November 1918) was an Austrian politician, a leader of the labour movement and founder of the Social Democratic Workers' Party .
The ECOPEACE Party is a national environmentalist political party in South Africa founded in 1995. The party was formerly known as eThekwini ECOPEACE and eThekwini Ecoparty—eThekwini is the Zulu name for Durban, where the party is based. 
Royton is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham, Greater Manchester, England, with a population of 21,284 in 2011. Close to the source of the River Irk, near undulating land at the foothills of the South Pennines, it is northwest of Oldham, southeast of Rochdale and northeast of Manchester.
Samira Said  on 10 January 1958) is a Moroccan-Egyptian Arabic pop singer.
Harriet Ellan Miers (born August 10, 1945) is an American lawyer who served as White House Counsel to President George W. Bush from 2005 to 2007. A member of the Republican Party since 1988, she previously served as White House Staff Secretary from 2001 to 2003 and White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy from 2003 until 2005. 
Candida Royalle (October 15, 1950 – September 7, 2015) was an American producer and director of couples-oriented pornography, a sex educator, sex-positive feminist, and pornographic actress. She was a member of the XRCO and the AVN Halls of Fame.
Griselio Torresola Roura (1925 – November 1, 1950) born in Jayuya, Puerto Rico, was one of two Puerto Rican nationalists from New York City who attempted to assassinate United States President Harry Truman on November 1, 1950. Torresola mortally wounded White House policeman Private Leslie Coffelt and wounded two other law enforcement officers. 
The Polish Air Forces  was the name of the Polish Air Forces formed in France and the United Kingdom during World War II. The core of the Polish air units fighting alongside the Allies were experienced veterans of the 1939 invasion of Poland. 
Radegund (; also spelled "Rhadegund, Radegonde, or Radigund"; 520 — 13 August 587) was a Thuringian princess and Frankish queen, who founded the Abbey of the Holy Cross at Poitiers. She is the patron saint of several churches in France and England and of Jesus College, Cambridge .
The Maryland Senate, sometimes referred to as the Maryland State Senate, is the upper house of the General Assembly, the state legislature of the U.S. state of Maryland. Composed of 47 senators elected from an equal number of constituent single-member districts, the Senate is responsible, along with the Maryland House of Delegates, for passage of laws in Maryland, and for confirming executive appointments made by the Governor of Maryland.
The Central Eastern Alps , also referred to as Austrian Central Alps  or just Central Alps comprise the main chain of the Eastern Alps in Austria and the adjacent regions of Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Italy and Slovenia.
Oden Bowie (November 10, 1826December 4, 1894), a member of the United States Democratic Party, was the 34th Governor of the State of Maryland in the United States from 1869 to 1872.
Rita Mae Brown (born November 28, 1944) is an American writer, activist, and feminist. She is best known for her first novel "Rubyfruit Jungle". Brown is also a mystery writer and screenwriter.
Jan de Bont (; born 22 October 1943) is a former Dutch cinematographer, director and film producer. He is widely known for directing the films "Speed" and "Twister". As a director of photography, de Bont also shot numerous blockbusters and genre films, including "Cujo, Flesh and Blood, Die Hard, The Hunt for Red October", and "Basic Instinct".
Rodez  is a small city and commune in the South of France, about 150 km northeast of Toulouse. It is the prefecture of the department of Aveyron in the region of Occitanie. 
The Pan-African Union for Social Democracy  is a political party in the Republic of the Congo headed by Pascal Lissouba, who was President from 1992 to 1997. It has been the country's main opposition party since Lissouba's ouster in 1997. 
Rafael del Riego y Flórez (9 April 1784 – 7 November 1823) was a Spanish general and liberal politician, who played a key role in the outbreak of the Liberal Triennium .
Balmaseda  is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country. Balmaseda is the capital city of the comarca of Enkarterri, in western Biscay and serves an important role in the province thanks to its proximity to the capital city of Bilbao and the regions of Cantabria and Castile and León.
Los Medanos College  is a public community college in Pittsburg, California. Established in 1974, LMC has an extension in Brentwood and is part of the Contra Costa Community College District.
Chileka International Airport is an airport located from Blantyre, the second largest city in the Republic of Malawi and the commercial Capital of Malawi's Southern Region.
The Patea River is in Taranaki in the North Island of New Zealand. It runs for 105 kilometres from the eastern slopes of Mount Taranaki, passing east through Stratford before swinging south and reaching the South Taranaki Bight near the town of Patea.
Jeffrey Haynes (born December 28, 1977), better known by his stage name Mr. Lif, is an American hip hop artist from Boston, Massachusetts. Often noted for his political lyrics, he has released two studio albums on Definitive Jux and one on Bloodbot Tactical Enterprises. Mr. Lif is also a member of the hip hop group The Perceptionists with long-time friends and collaborators Akrobatik and DJ Fakts One.
The Louisville and Nashville Railroad , commonly called the L&N, was a Class I railroad that operated freight and passenger services in the southeast United States.
Pierre Varignon (1654 – 23 December 1722) was a French mathematician. He was educated at the Jesuit College and the University of Caen, where he received his M.A. in 1682. 
Sons of All Pussys  is a Japanese rock band. Formed in 2002 by Ken, his former L'Arc-en-Ciel band mate Sakura, and German born model Ein .
Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited  is an Indian financial conglomerate based in Mumbai, India. It is a major provider of finance for housing in India. 
Anne Jules de Noailles, 2nd Duke of Noailles (5 February 16502 October 1708) was one of the chief generals of France towards the end of the reign of Louis XIV, and, after raising the regiment of Noailles in 1689, he commanded in Spain during both the War of the Grand Alliance and the War of the Spanish Succession, and was made marshal of France in 1693.
James Douglas Graham Wood (born 1 November 1965) is an English literary critic, essayist and novelist.
Zuzana Licko (born Zuzana Ličko, 1961) is a Slovak-born American type designer known for co-founding the graphic design magazine "Emigre" and for creating numerous typefaces, including Mrs Eaves.
Pearse Island is an island in western British Columbia, Canada, in the Portland Inlet, an inlet of the Pacific Ocean. The island was first charted in 1793 by George Vancouver during his 1791-95 expedition. 
Egg is a former British internet bank headquartered in Derby, that is now a trading name of Yorkshire Building Society. Egg was born out of the banking arm in the United Kingdom of Prudential plc, Prudential Banking plc, which was established in 1996, and the Egg brand was launched in October 1998. 
Scribonia (c. 70 BC - c. 16 AD) was the second wife of Octavian, later the Roman Emperor Augustus, and the mother of his only natural child, Julia the Elder. Through her youngest daughter she was the mother-in-law of the Emperor Tiberius, great-grandmother of the Emperor Caligula and Empress Agrippina the Younger, and great-great grandmother of the Emperor Nero.
Palliser Bay is at the southern end of the North Island of New Zealand, to the southeast of Wellington. It runs for 40 kilometres along the Cook Strait coast from Turakirae Head at the southern end of the Rimutaka Ranges to Cape Palliser, the North Island's southernmost point.
The Chilean Navy  is the naval force of Chile.
Hermann Lang (6 April 1909 – 19 October 1987) was a German racing driver who raced motorcycles, Grand Prix cars, and sports cars.
The Tukituki River is found in the eastern North Island of New Zealand. It flows from the Ruahine Ranges to the Pacific Ocean at the southern end of Hawke's Bay.
Wilhelm Reichsfreiherr von Innhausen und Knyphausen (4 November 1716 Lütetsburg, East Frisia – 7 December 1800 Kassel) was a German general officer who served in Hesse-Kassel. He fought in the American Revolutionary War, during which he commanded Hessian auxiliaries on behalf of Great Britain.
The River Lee  is a river in Ireland. It rises in the Shehy Mountains on the western border of County Cork and flows eastwards through Cork, where it splits in two for a short distance, creating an island on which Cork's city centre is built, and empties into the Celtic Sea at Cork Harbour on the south coast, one of the largest natural harbours in the world. 
Jackson is a manufacturer of electric guitars and electric bass guitars that bears the name of its founder, Grover Jackson. Owned by the Fender Musical Instruments Corporation, Jackson has manufacturing facilities in the US, Mexico, Indonesia, and China.
Carl Eduard Hellmayr (29 January 1878 in Vienna, Austria – 24 February 1944 in Orselina, Switzerland) was an Austrian ornithologist.
Louis Jacques Napoléon Bertrand, better known by his pen name Aloysius Bertrand (20 April 1807 — 29 April 1841), was a French Romantic poet, playwright and journalist. He is famous for having introduced prose poetry in French literature, and is considered a forerunner of the Symbolist movement. His masterpiece is the collection of prose poems "Gaspard de la Nuit" published posthumously in 1842; three of its poems were adapted to a homonymous piano suite by Maurice Ravel in 1908.
Wesleyan College is a private, liberal arts women's college located in Macon, Georgia, United States. The Wesleyan College Historic District was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 2, 2004. Founded in 1836, Wesleyan is the first college in the world chartered to grant degrees to women.
Eystein Magnusson (Old Norse: "Eysteinn Magnússon", Norwegian: "Øystein Magnusson"; c. 1088 – 29 August 1123) was King of Norway  from 1103 to 1123 together with his brothers Sigurd the Crusader and Olaf Magnusson, although since Olaf died before adulthood, only Eystein and Sigurd were effective rulers of the country.
Yigael Yadin  20 March 1917 – 28 June 1984) was an Israeli archeologist, soldier and politician. He was the second Chief of Staff of the Israel Defense Forces and Deputy Prime Minister from 1977 to 1981.
Melania Trump (; born Melanija Knavs; , Germanized to Melania Knauss; April 26, 1970) is a Slovene-born American former fashion model and the current first lady of the United States.
Oleg Vladimirovich Deripaska (; born 2 January 1968) is a Russian oligarch. He is the founder of Basic Element, one of Russia's largest industrial groups, and Volnoe Delo, Russia's largest charitable foundation. Until 2018, he was the president of En+ Group, a Russian energy company, and United Company Rusal, the second-largest aluminium company in the world. 
Anatoliy Kyrylovych Kinakh  (born August 4, 1954) is a Ukrainian politician and honorary professor at the Mykolaiv Government Humanitarian University. Kinakh is a former  People's Deputy of Ukraine. Kinakh currently serves as the leader of Party of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs of Ukraine.
Vincenzo Viviani (April 5, 1622 – September 22, 1703) was an Italian mathematician and scientist. He was a pupil of Torricelli and a disciple of Galileo.
Freemans Bay is the name of a former bay and now inner city suburb of Auckland, in the North Island of New Zealand. The bay has been filled in to a considerable extent, with the reclamation area now totally concealing the ancient shoreline. 
Joshua Granville Leonard (born June 17, 1975) is an American actor, writer, and director, known for his role in "The Blair Witch Project" (1999). He has since starred in films such as "Madhouse" (2004), "The Shaggy Dog" (2006), "Higher Ground" (2011), "The Motel Life" (2012), "Snake and Mongoose" (2013), "If I Stay" (2014), "The Town That Dreaded Sundown" (2014), "6 Years" (2015), and "Unsane" (2018).
Hans Max Gamper-Haessig (22 November 1877 – 30 July 1930), known in Catalonia as Joan Gamper , was a Swiss football pioneer, versatile athlete and club president. He founded football clubs in Switzerland and Spain, most notably FC Barcelona and FC Zürich.
Stevenson University is a private university in Baltimore County, Maryland with two campuses, one in Stevenson and one in Owings Mills. The university enrolls approximately 3,615 undergraduate and graduate students. 
Voice of Turkey  is the international service of Turkish state radio on shortwave, Turksat 3A satellite and the Internet. All the broadcasts are transmitted from single site near Emirler .
Timothy Detudamo (died 11 April 1953) was a Nauruan politician and linguist. He served as Head Chief of Nauru from 1930 until his death in 1953.
The Guadeloupe regional football team  represents the French overseas department and region of Guadeloupe in international football. The team is controlled by the Ligue Guadeloupéenne de Football , a local branch of French Football Federation .
Chongming, formerly known as Chungming, is an alluvial island at the mouth of the Yangtze River in eastern China covering as of 2010. Together with the islands Changxing and Hengsha, it forms Chongming County, the northernmost area of the provincial-level municipality of Shanghai. 
Favria is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about north of Turin. 
Garzigliana is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin. 
Isolabella is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin. 
Locana is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northwest of Turin in the Orco Valley. In the early 1900s the town had about 7,000 residents. 
Mathi is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northwest of Turin. 
Montalenghe is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 30 km northeast of Turin.
Osasco is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin.
Perosa Argentina is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin, in the val Chisone.
Selva  is a small municipality in the district of Raiguer on Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain. The population is just over 3,000 people.
Escorca  is a municipality in northwest Mallorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain.
Sencelles is a mountainous municipality in central Majorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain. It is located in the centre of the island
Andorra is a town and municipality of Teruel province in the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain. 
Torrelavega is a municipality and important industrial and commercial hub in the single province Autonomous Community of Cantabria in northern Spain.
Walter Herrmann Heinrich (born June 26, 1979) is an Argentine professional basketball player. He is listed at 6'9" and 225 lbs. He was a key member of the senior men's Argentine national basketball team that won the gold medal during the 2004 Summer Olympic Games.
Yanbu Airport is an airport near Yanbu, Saudi Arabia. It offers both domestic and international service.
Kirkuk Football Club  is an Iraqi football club based in Kirkuk. It was founded in 1977 as Wahid Huzairan.
Dewey Lindon "Spooner" Oldham (born June 14, 1943) is an American songwriter and session musician. An organist, he recorded in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, at FAME Studios as part of the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section on such hit R&B songs as Percy Sledge's "When a Man Loves a Woman", Wilson Pickett's "Mustang Sally", and Aretha Franklin's "I Never Loved a Man".
The Waterford Museum of Treasures  is a museum for historical artifacts associated with the city of Waterford. There are three museums in the Viking Triangle collectively known as Waterford Museum of Treasures. 
Andrew Jackson May (June 24, 1875 – September 6, 1959) was a Kentucky attorney, an influential New Deal-era politician, and chairman of the House Military Affairs Committee during World War II, infamous for his rash disclosure of classified naval information that resulted in the loss of 10 American submarines and 800 sailors, and his subsequent conviction for bribery. May was a Democratic member of United States House of Representatives from Kentucky during the 72nd to 79th sessions of Congress.
Elinor Isabel "Judy" Judefind Agnew (April 23, 1921 – June 20, 2012) was the Second Lady of the United States from 1969 to 1973. She was the wife of the 39th Vice President of the United States, Spiro Agnew, who previously served as Governor of Maryland and Baltimore County Executive.
Cunlhat  is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Pianezza is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northwest of Turin.
Porte is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin.
Ribordone is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, about 45 km northwest of Turin. At 31 December 2004 it had a population of 81 and an area of 44.2 km².
Romano Canavese is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin.
Salza di Pinerolo  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin. 
San Giorio di Susa  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 45 km west of Turin.
Santena  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin on the right bank of the Po.
Alonte is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is located north of Via San Feliciano.
Arcugnano is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, north-eastern Italy. It is located south of A4 motorway.
Vallo Torinese is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located in the Val Ceronda about northwest of Turin.
Verolengo is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin.
Camisano Vicentino is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is north of SP24, and about from Autostrada A4.
Virle Piemonte is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin. It is located on the left bank of the Lemina torrent.
Tessa Bonhomme (born July 23, 1985 in Sudbury, Ontario) is a former Professional Canadian ice hockey player and is a television sports reporter for TSN . She was an Olympic gold medalist as a member of the Canadian national women's hockey team and played for the Toronto Furies in the Canadian Women's Hockey League. She was also co-captain of the Ohio State Buckeyes women's ice hockey team in the NCAA.
Dueville is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is south of SP50. As of 2007 Dueville had an estimated population of 13,988.
Gallio  is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is on SP76. As of 2007 Gallio had an estimated population of 2,454.
Civiasco is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about north of Vercelli. 
Fobello is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli. 
Lugo di Vicenza is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is east of SP349 provincial road.
Marano Vicentino is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is south of Viale Europa.
Quarona is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about north of Vercelli, along the Sesia River.
Sali Vercellese is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about southwest of Vercelli. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 128 and an area of .
Villarboit is a "comune"  in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli.
Biandrate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about west of Novara.
Casaleggio Novara is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 869 and an area of .
Cressa is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,480 and an area of .
Grignasco is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,803 and an area of .
Mezzomerico is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about north of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,005 and an area of .
Pella is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara on the Lake Orta. It borders the municipalities of Cesara, Madonna del Sasso, Nonio, Orta San Giulio, Pettenasco, and San Maurizio d'Opaglio.
Sillavengo is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 579 and an area of .
Monteviale is a town and "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, northern Italy.
KCNZ-CD is a low-power digital Class A television station serving the San Francisco Bay Area. It broadcasts in ATSC on UHF channel 28 and is owned by CNZ Communications.
Zovencedo is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, north-eastern Italy. It is west of SP247 provincial road. 
Dean Arthur Heller (born May 10, 1960) is an American businessman and politician who served as a United States Senator from Nevada from 2011 to 2019. A member of the Republican Party, he previously served as the 15th Secretary of State of Nevada from 1995 to 2007 and U.S. Representative for from 2007 to 2011. He was appointed to the U.S. Senate by Governor Brian Sandoval and elected to a full term in the 2012 election.
Pedemonte is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy. It is north of SP350.
Wolfgang Nordwig (born 27 August 1943) is a former East German pole vaulter. He competed in the 1968 and 1972 Olympics and won a bronze and a gold medal, respectively, clearing 5.50 m in 1972.
Pozzoleone is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, north-eastern Italy. It is west of SP16 provincial road.
Lugo  is a town and "comune" in the northern Italian region of Emilia-Romagna, in the province of Ravenna.
Suno is a "comune"  in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Novara. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,802 and an area of .
SeaFrance was a ferry company based in France, wholly owned by the French railways, SNCF, which operated ferry services between Calais, France, and Dover, England.
Altrei  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy.
Brenner  is a "comune" in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about north of Bolzano.
Yantai University  is a public university founded in 1984 with the assistance of Peking University and Tsinghua University in Yantai, Shandong, China.
Glurns  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about northwest of Bolzano.
Marling  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about northwest of Bolzano.
KTAS is a Telemundo-affiliated television station licensed to San Luis Obispo, California, United States and serving the Central Coast of California. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 34 (or virtual channel 33 via PSIP) from a transmitter atop Cuesta Peak. 
Rasen-Antholz  is a municipality in South Tyrol in northern Italy.
Sankt Pankraz  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about northwest of the city of Bolzano.
Truden im Naturpark  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about south of the city of Bolzano. Until March 2008 it was called simply Truden.
Feldthurns  is a "comune"  in South Tyrol in northern Italy about northeast of Bolzano.
Eduard Karl Wilhelm Christian of Saxe-Altenburg (Hildburghausen, 3 July 1804 – Munich, 16 May 1852), was a German prince of the ducal house of Saxe-Hildburghausen (of Saxe-Altenburg from 1826).
Stra is a town and "comune" in the province of Venice, Veneto, Italy. It is south of SR11. It is the location of the famed Villa Pisani located on the Brenta canal.
Tim Wilkison (born November 23, 1959) is a former professional male tennis player from the United States.
Bedollo  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about northeast of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,406 and an area of .
Caderzone Terme  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about west of Trento. 
Carano  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about northeast of Trento.
Cavedine  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about southwest of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,799 and an area of .
Jonathan Ronald Walters (born 20 September 1983) is a former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Giovo  is a "comune"  in Trentino, located about northeast of Trento in northern Italy.
Luserna  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about southeast of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 284 and an area of .
Nogaredo  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about southwest of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,747 and an area of .
Pergine Valsugana  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about east of Trento. 
Rumo  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about north of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 833 and an area of .
Sover  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about northeast of Trento.
Tenno  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about southwest of Trento.
Vermiglio  is a "comune"  in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about northwest of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,884 and an area of .
Bosco Chiesanuova  is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about north of Verona. 
Cavaion Veronese is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about northwest of Verona. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,459 and an area of .
Gazzo Veronese is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about south of Verona.
Montecchia di Crosara is a "comune"  in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto, located about west of Venice and about northeast of Verona. 
Temple Bar Gallery + Studios  is located in the centre of Temple Bar, Dublin. 
Modane  is a commune in the Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.
Liverdun is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.
Longkamp is an "Ortsgemeinde" – a municipality belonging to a "Verbandsgemeinde", a kind of collective municipality – in the Bernkastel-Wittlich district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Barge is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about northwest of Cuneo.
Bonvicino is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. On 31 December 2004, it had a population of 122 and an area of .
Busca  is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about northwest of Cuneo. 
Casteldelfino is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about northwest of Cuneo. 
Cavallerleone is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about north of Cuneo. 
Cissone is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 82 and an area of .
Elva is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about northwest of Cuneo. 
Garessio is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about southeast of Cuneo.
La Morra is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,668 and an area of .
Mango is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. 
Monastero di Vasco is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about east of Cuneo. 
Monteu Roero is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo.
Niella Tanaro is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about east of Cuneo. 
Peveragno  is an Italian town of 5,584 inhabitants (1-1-2017) in the province of Cuneo, in Piedmont.
Priocca is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,979 and an area of .
Roccasparvera is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about south of Turin and about southwest of Cuneo.
Sambuco is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about west of Cuneo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 92 and an area of .
Sinio is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northeast of Cuneo. As of 1 January 2017, it had a population of 529 and an area of .
Valdieri is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about southwest of Cuneo, on the border with France. It is part of the Valle Gesso.
Vinadio is a "comune"  in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southwest of Turin and about southwest of Cuneo, on the border with France. It is located along the Stura di Demonte river.
Berzano di San Pietro is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northwest of Asti. 
Cassinasco is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Asti. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 639 and an area of .
Castelnuovo Don Bosco  is a "comune"  in the province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northwest of Asti, on a hill near the confluence of the Nevissano and Bardella.
Cortandone is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northwest of Asti. As of 31 December 2016, it had a population of 331 and an area of .
Grazzano Badoglio (Grazzano Monferrato until 1939) is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northeast of Asti. Grazzano, which developed round the abbey founded in 961 by Aleramo, Marquess of Montferrat, was the birthplace of Pietro Badoglio, for whom it was later renamed. 
Monale is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about northwest of Asti. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 948 and an area of .
Nizza Monferrato  is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Asti.
Rocchetta Palafea is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Asti. 
Soglio is a "comune"  in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northwest of Asti. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 164 and an area of .
Colo Colo de Futebol e Regatas, usually known simply as Colo Colo, is a football club from Ilhéus, Bahia, Brazil. Colo-Colo was champion of the Campeonato Baiano, Bahia football league, in 2006.
Alzano Scrivia is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northeast of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 409 and an area of .
Borghetto di Borbera is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria. 
Cantalupo Ligure is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria.
Virbalis  is a city in the Vilkaviškis district municipality, Lithuania. It is located west of Vilkaviškis.
Castelnuovo Bormida is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about south of Alessandria.
Costa Vescovato is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria.
Frassinello Monferrato is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northwest of Alessandria.
Grognardo is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southwest of Alessandria. 
Molino dei Torti is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northeast of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 685 and an area of . Molino dei Torti borders the following municipalities: Alzano Scrivia, Casei Gerola, Castelnuovo Scrivia, Guazzora, and Isola Sant'Antonio.
Montegioco is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 315 and an area of .
Ovada  is a "comune"  of 11,484 inhabitants in the Province of Alessandria in the northern Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about south of Alessandria.
Pontestura  is a "commune" with a population of 1,539 in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont. It is located on the right bank of the Po River about east of Turin and about west of Casale Monferrato and borders the following municipalities: Camino, Casale Monferrato, Cereseto, Coniolo, Morano sul Po, Ozzano Monferrato, Serralunga di Crea, and Solonghello.
Ricaldone is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southwest of Alessandria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 650 and an area of .
San Salvatore Monferrato is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about northwest of Alessandria.
Spineto Scrivia is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria.
Valmacca is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about east of Turin and about north of Alessandria in an area of plain on the right of the Po River at the confluence of the Rotaldo and the Gattola. 
Voltaggio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southeast of Alessandria.
Lajamanu is a small town of the Northern Territory in Australia. It is located around 557 kilometres from Katherine and approximately 890 kilometres from Darwin. 
Borgomaro  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about northwest of Imperia. 
Civezza  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about west of Imperia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 557 and an area of .
Lucinasco  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about northwest of Imperia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 268 and an area of .
Pompeiana  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, situated about southwest of Genoa and about southwest of Imperia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 859 and an area of .
Santo Stefano al Mare  is a "comune"  in the Province of Imperia in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about southwest of Imperia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,260 and an area of .
Altare  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about west of Genoa and about northwest of Savona. As of 1 January 2009, it had a population of 2,160 and an area of .
Calizzano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about west of Savona. 
Garlenda is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about southwest of Savona.
Nasino  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about southwest of Savona. 
Quiliano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about southwest of Genoa and about west of Savona. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 7,225 and an area of .
Urbe  is a "comune"  in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about northwest of Genoa and about northeast of Savona. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 847 and an area of .
Stefan Steinweg (born 24 February 1969) is a retired professional racing cyclist from Germany. He won the gold medal in the team pursuit at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
WKDN (950AM, "Family Radio") is an American radio station licensed to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and serving the Philadelphia market. WKDN is owned and operated by Family Stations, Inc. and broadcasts a Christian format.
FC SKVICH Minsk was a Belarusian football club based in Minsk, last playing in the Belarusian Second League.
EB/Streymur is a Faroese semi-professional football club based in Streymnes and Eiði. The club was founded in 1993, as result of the merger between EB and Streymur. They have won the Faroe Islands Premier League two times and the Faroe Islands Cup four times.
FC Dinamo Batumi is a Georgian football club based in Batumi, Adjara. They regularly play in top division of Georgian football – Erovnuli Liga. 
WHOO is an AM Catholic talk radio station in Orlando, Florida, United States. It broadcasts at a medium-wave frequency of 1080 kHz. It is owned by Relevant Radio.
The Peoria and Pekin Union Railway is a switching and terminal railroad in Illinois that began operating in 1881 and was leased to the Tazewell and Peoria Railroad in 2004. Its main yard and roundhouse are in East Peoria, Illinois, and it owns track on both sides of the Illinois River. 
The German Right Party  was a far-right political party that emerged in the British zone of Allied-occupied Germany after the Second World War.
WXDJ (106.7 MHz "El Nuevo Zol 106.7 FM") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and serving the Miami-Ft. Lauderdale-Hollywood radio market with secondary coverage of the West Palm Beach-Boca Raton market. 
Maria Sophia Elisabeth of Neuburg (6 August 1666 – 4 August 1699) was queen of Portugal as the wife of King Peter II from 1687 until her death in 1699. A popular queen, she was noted for her extraordinary generosity and for being the mother of the famously extravagant John V of Portugal.
Liberty Oradea was a Romanian football club from Pomezeu, Bihor County, founded in 2003 and dissolved in 2017.
Nikolay Nikolaevich Zinin  (25 August 1812 in Shusha – 18 February 1880 in Saint Petersburg) was a Russian organic chemist.
Lee Stratford Barnes (July 16, 1906 – December 28, 1970) was an American athlete from Utah who competed in the men's pole vault.
Rivne International Airport  is an airport in Rivne, Ukraine. Recently LOT Polish Airlines has been in talks with the consideration of opening a Warsaw route after Bravo Airways ended flights.
The Swiss Academies of Arts and Sciences is a Swiss organization that supports and networks the sciences at a regional, national and international level. They are designated by the Federal Act to Promote Research and Innovation to promote research together with the Swiss National Science Foundation.
Alborea is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 870.
Caudete  is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 10.163 (From INE 2015) and is located at .
Higueruela  is a municipality located at 43 km east of Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,350. 
Montealegre del Castillo is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 2,122 (2015).
San Pedro, Albacete is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,319. It is located 36 kilometers from Albacete.
Alamillo is a municipality in Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 674.
Castries , population 20,000, aggl. 53,639, is the capital and largest city of Saint Lucia, an island country in the Caribbean. 
Anne of Denmark (; 12 December 1574 – 2 March 1619) was Queen consort of Scotland, England, and Ireland by marriage to King James VI and I.
James McGill Buchanan Jr. (; October 3, 1919 – January 9, 2013) was an American economist known for his work on public choice theory (included in his most famous work, co-authored with Gordon Tullock, "The Calculus of Consent", 1962), for which he received the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 1986. Buchanan's work initiated research on how politicians' and bureaucrats' self-interest, utility maximization, and other non-wealth-maximizing considerations affect their decision-making. He was a member of the Board of Advisors of The Independent Institute, a member  of the Mont Pelerin Society, a Distinguished Senior Fellow of the Cato Institute, and professor at George Mason University.
Richard Freiherr von Krafft-Ebing (1840-1902; full name Richard Fridolin Joseph Freiherr Krafft von Festenberg auf Frohnberg, genannt von Ebing) was an Austro–German psychiatrist and author of the foundational work "Psychopathia Sexualis" (1886).
Olympia is the capital of the U.S. state of Washington and the county seat of Thurston County. European settlers claimed the area in 1846, with the Treaty of Medicine Creek initiated in 1854, and the Treaty of Olympia initiated in January 1856.
Oliver Goldsmith (10 November 1728 – 4 April 1774) was an Irish novelist, playwright and poet, who is best known for his novel "The Vicar of Wakefield" (1766), his pastoral poem "The Deserted Village" (1770), and his plays "The Good-Natur'd Man" (1768) and "She Stoops to Conquer" (1771, first performed in 1773). He is thought to have written the classic children's tale "The History of Little Goody Two-Shoes" (1765).
Kitty Hawk is a town in Dare County, North Carolina, and is a part of what is known as North Carolina's Outer Banks. The population was 3,272 at the 2010 Census. It was established in the early 18th century as Chickahawk.
Zwickau : "Šwikawa", ) is a town in Saxony, Germany, and the capital of the Zwickau district. It is situated in a valley at the foot of the Erzgebirge mountains, it is part of Central Germany  and geographically linked to the urban areas of Leipzig-Halle, Dresden and Chemnitz, the town has approximately 100,000 inhabitants. 
Stratford-upon-Avon , commonly known as just Stratford, is a market town and civil parish in the Stratford-on-Avon District, in the county of Warwickshire, England, on the River Avon, north west of London, south east of Birmingham, and south west of Warwick. The estimated population in 2007 was 25,505, increasing to 27,445 at the 2011 Census.
Pope Pius X , born Giuseppe Melchiorre Sarto (; 2 June 1835 – 20 August 1914), was head of the Roman Catholic Church from August 1903 to his death in 1914. Pius X is known for vigorously opposing modernist interpretations of Catholic doctrine, promoting liturgical reforms and orthodox theology. 
Standard Oil of Ohio or Sohio was an American oil company, and the earliest component of the original Standard Oil company founded by John D. Rockefeller. Sohio was acquired by British Petroleum, now called BP.
Heraklion or Heraclion  is the largest city and the administrative capital of the island of Crete and capital of Heraklion regional unit. It is the fifth largest city in Greece. 
Samuel Jones Tilden (February 9, 1814 – August 4, 1886) was the 25th Governor of New York and the Democratic candidate for president in the disputed election of 1876. He was the only individual to win an outright majority of the popular vote in a United States presidential election but lose the election itself, though four other candidates have lost a presidential election despite garnering a plurality of the popular vote. 
Archie Comic Publications, Inc. is an American comic book publisher headquartered in Pelham, New York. The company's many titles feature the fictional teenagers Archie Andrews, Jughead Jones, Betty Cooper, Veronica Lodge, Reggie Mantle, Sabrina Spellman, and Josie and the Pussycats.
Hatshepsut (; also Hatchepsut; Egyptian: "ḥꜣt-šps.wt" "Foremost of Noble Ladies"; 1507–1458 BC) was the fifth pharaoh of the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt. She was the second historically-confirmed female pharaoh, the first being Sobekneferu. (
Robert Edwin Peary Sr. (; May 6, 1856 – February 20, 1920) was an American explorer and United States Navy officer who made several expeditions to the Arctic in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. 
Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology  is a private college specializing in teaching engineering, mathematics, and science and located in Terre Haute, Indiana.
The House of Representatives is the lower house of the bicameral Parliament of Australia, the upper house being the Senate. Its composition and powers are established in Chapter I of the Constitution of Australia.
Nicholas I Mystikos or Nicholas I Mysticus (, "Nikolaos I Mystikos"; 852 – 11 May 925) was the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from March 901 to February 907 and from May 912 to his death in 925. His feast day in the Eastern Orthodox Church is 16 May.
Jean Moulin (; 20 June 1899 – 8 July 1943) was a high-ranking official, a member of the French Resistance, and the leader of the National Council of the Resistance in France during World War II. 
Theodoros "Theo" Angelopoulos (; ; 27 April 1935 – 24 January 2012) was a Greek filmmaker, screenwriter and film producer.
Modena  is a city and "comune"  on the south side of the Po Valley, in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region of northern Italy.
Baron Georg Johannes Ludwig Ritter von Trapp (4 April 1880 – 30 May 1947) was an Austro-Hungarian Navy officer and the patriarch of the Trapp Family Singers, whose lives were the inspiration for the play and movie "The Sound of Music". His naval exploits during World War I earned him numerous decorations, including the prestigious Military Order of Maria Theresa. 
Hans Augusto Rey (born Hans Augusto Reyersbach; September 16, 1898 – August 26, 1977) was a German-born American illustrator and author, known best for the "Curious George" series of children's picture books that he and his wife Margret Rey created from 1939 to 1966.
Pope Hormisdas (450 – 6 August 523) was Pope from 20 July 514 to his death in 523. His papacy was dominated by the Acacian schism, started in 484 by Acacius of Constantinople's efforts to placate the Monophysites. 
John Francis Bongiovi Jr. (born March 2, 1962), known professionally as Jon Bon Jovi, is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, philanthropist, and actor. Bon Jovi is best known as the founder and frontman of the Grammy Award-winning rock band Bon Jovi, which was formed in 1983.
Arthur Evelyn St. John Waugh (; 28 October 1903 – 10 April 1966) was an English writer of novels, biographies, and travel books, and he was also a prolific journalist and book reviewer. His most famous works include the early satires "Decline and Fall" (1928) and "A Handful of Dust" (1934), the novel "Brideshead Revisited" (1945), and the Second World War trilogy "Sword of Honour" (1952–61). 
Viracopos/Campinas International Airport  is an international airport serving the municipality of Campinas, in the São Paulo State. On 6 January 1987, the airport name was officially normalized to its present form. 
Rear Admiral Alan Bartlett Shepard Jr. (November 18, 1923 – July 21, 1998) was an American astronaut, naval aviator, test pilot, and businessman. In 1961 he became the first American to travel into space, and in 1971 he walked on the Moon.
Jack St. Clair Kilby (November 8, 1923 – June 20, 2005) was an American electrical engineer who took part  in the realization of the first integrated circuit while working at Texas Instruments  in 1958. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics on December 10, 2000. 
Jan Brueghel the Younger (; 13 September 1601 – 1 September 1678) was a Flemish Baroque painter, and the son of Jan Brueghel the Elder.
Eugène Henri Paul Gauguin (, ; ; 7 June 1848 – 8 May 1903) was a French post-Impressionist artist. Unappreciated until after his death, Gauguin is now recognized for his experimental use of color and Synthetist style that were distinctly different from Impressionism. 
Sir Henry Rider Haggard, (; 22 June 1856 – 14 May 1925) was an English writer of adventure fiction set in exotic locations, predominantly Africa, and a pioneer of the lost world literary genre. He was also involved in agricultural reform throughout the British Empire. 
Glenn Herbert Gould (; 25 September 19324 October 1982) was a Canadian pianist who became one of the best-known and most-celebrated classical pianists of the 20th century. He was renowned as an interpreter of the keyboard works of Johann Sebastian Bach. 
Georges Eugène Benjamin Clemenceau (; 28 September 1841 – 24 November 1929) was a French politician who was Prime Minister of France during the First World War. A leading independent Radical, he played a central role in the politics of the French Third Republic.
Olav V (born Prince Alexander of Denmark; 2 July 1903 – 17 January 1991) was King of Norway from 1957 until his death.
Gregory Efthimios Louganis (; born January 29, 1960) is an American Olympic diver, LGBT activist, and author who won gold medals at the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics, on both the springboard and platform. He is the only male and the second diver in Olympic history to sweep the diving events in consecutive Olympic Games. 
The Bay of Fundy  is a bay between the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, with a small portion touching the US state of Maine. It has an extremely high tidal range. 
Kenneth Martin Follett, (born 5 June 1949) is a Welsh author of thrillers and historical novels who has sold more than 160 million copies of his works. Many of his books have achieved high ranking on best seller lists. For example, in the USA, many reached the number 1 position on the "New York Times" Best Seller list, including "Edge of Eternity", "Fall of Giants", "A Dangerous Fortune", "The Key to Rebecca", "Lie Down with Lions", "Triple", "Winter of the World", and "World Without End".
The Armed Forces of the Argentine Republic, in , are controlled by the Commander-in-Chief  and a civilian Minister of Defense. In addition to the Army, Navy and Air Force, there are two security forces, controlled by the Ministry of Security, which can be mobilized in occasion of an armed conflict: the National Gendarmerie, a gendarmerie used to guard borders and places of strategic importance; and the Naval Prefecture, a coast guard used to protect internal major rivers and maritime territory.
Richard Georg Strauss (; 11 June 1864 – 8 September 1949) was a leading German composer of the late Romantic and early modern eras. He is known for his operas, which include "Der Rosenkavalier", "Elektra", "Die Frau ohne Schatten" and "Salome"; his Lieder, especially his "Four Last Songs"; his tone poems, including "Don Juan", "Death and Transfiguration", "Till Eulenspiegel's Merry Pranks", "Also sprach Zarathustra", "Ein Heldenleben", "Symphonia Domestica", and "An Alpine Symphony"; and other instrumental works such as "Metamorphosen" and his Oboe Concerto. 
William James "Count" Basie (August 21, 1904 – April 26, 1984) was an American jazz pianist, organist, bandleader, and composer.
Teruel  is a city in Aragon, located in eastern Spain, and is also the capital of Teruel Province. It has a population of 35,675 in 2014 making it the least populated provincial capital in the country. 
Abarim  is a mountain range across Jordan, to the east and south-east of the Dead Sea, extending from Mount Nebo — its highest point — in the north, perhaps to the Arabian desert in the south. 
Amadeus III of Savoy (1095 – April 1148) was Count of Savoy and Maurienne from 1103 until his death. He was also known as a crusader.
The Segre  is a river tributary to the Ebro  with a basin comprising territories across three states: France, Andorra and Spain.
Philip the Bold (, ; 17 January 1342 – 27 April 1404, Halle) was Duke of Burgundy  and "jure uxoris" Count of Flanders , Artois and Burgundy . The fourth and youngest son of King John II of France and his wife, Bonne of Luxembourg, Philip was the founder of the Burgundian branch of the House of Valois. 
Victor Emmanuel I (Vittorio Emanuele; 24 July 1759 – 10 January 1824) was the Duke of Savoy and King of Sardinia (1802–1821).
Emilie Charlotte Langtry (née Le Breton; October 13, 1853 – February 12, 1929), known as Lillie  Langtry and nicknamed "The Jersey Lily", was a British-American socialite, actress and producer.
Joseph Neil Schulman (; born April 16, 1953) is an American novelist who wrote "Alongside Night" (published 1979) and "The Rainbow Cadenza" (published 1983) which both received the Prometheus Award, a libertarian science fiction award. His third novel, "Escape from Heaven", was also a finalist for the 2002 Prometheus Award. 
Lady Margaret Beaufort  (31 May 1441/3 – 29 June 1509) was the mother of King Henry VII and paternal grandmother of King Henry VIII of England.
Hope is a city in Hempstead County in southwestern Arkansas, United States. Hope is the county seat of Hempstead County and the principal city of the Hope Micropolitan Statistical Area, which includes all of Hempstead and Nevada counties. 
Ivan IV Vasilyevich (; ; 25 August 1530 – ), commonly known as Ivan the Terrible , was the Grand Prince of Moscow from 1533 to 1547 and the first Tsar of Russia from 1547 to 1584.
Hafez al-Assad ( "", , ; 6 October 1930 – 10 June 2000) was a Syrian politician who served as President of Syria from 1971 to 2000. He was also Prime Minister from 1970 to 1971, as well as Regional Secretary of the Regional Command of the Syrian Regional Branch of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party and Secretary General of the National Command of the Ba'ath Party from 1970 to 2000.
ACCESS Systems Americas, Inc.  is a subsidiary of ACCESS which develops the Palm OS PDA operating system and its successor, the Access Linux Platform, as well as BeOS. PalmSource was spun off from Palm Computing, Inc.
Robert Louis Fosse (June 23, 1927 – September 23, 1987) was an American dancer, musical-theatre choreographer, and theatre and film director. He is known for directing and choreographing musical works on stage and screen, including the stage musicals "The Pajama Game"  in 1954 and "Chicago" in 1975 and the film "Cabaret" in 1972.
Sir David Lean (25 March 190816 April 1991) was an English film director, producer, screenwriter and editor, responsible for large-scale epics such as "The Bridge on the River Kwai" (1957), "Lawrence of Arabia" (1962), "Doctor Zhivago" (1965) and "A Passage to India" (1984). He also directed adaptations of Charles Dickens novels "Great Expectations" (1946) and "Oliver Twist" (1948), and the romantic drama "Brief Encounter" (1945).
Alexander Alekhine (, "Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Alekhin"; ; March 24, 1946) was a Russian and French chess player and the fourth World Chess Champion. He is widely considered to be one of the greatest chess players of all time.
Trinity Bay is a large bay on the northeastern coast of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The Bay along with Placentia Bay to the southwest define the isthmus of Avalon from which the Avalon Peninsula lies to the east of the main landmass of Newfoundland Island.
Yip Pui Yin (; born 6 August 1987) is a badminton player from Hong Kong.
Grand Bahama International Airport  is a privately owned international airport in Freeport, Bahamas.
KFAX (1100 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to San Francisco, California, and heard around the Bay Area. , the station is owned by Salem Media Group and programs a Christian radio teaching and talk format.
Crewe Works is a British railway engineering facility built in 1840 by the Grand Junction Railway. It is located in the town of Crewe, in Cheshire. 
Fauldhouse United Football Club are a Scottish football club based at Park View in Fauldhouse, West Lothian.
Desouk  is a city in northern Egypt. Located 80 km east of Alexandria, in the Kafr El Sheikh Governorate and had a population of 137,660 inhabitants as of 2011. 
Nissan Motor Manufacturing  Ltd, or NMUK, is a car manufacturing plant in Sunderland. It is owned and operated by the European division of Japanese car manufacturer Nissan.
Samuel Bell Maxey (March 30, 1825August 16, 1895) was an American soldier, lawyer, and politician from Paris, Texas. He was a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War and later represented Texas in the U.S. Senate.
Gianteresio Vattimo (born 4 January 1936) is an Italian philosopher and politician.
Kimberly Ann "Kim" Gallagher (June 11, 1964 – November 18, 2002) was an American middle-distance runner who won a silver and a bronze medal at the 1984 and 1988 Olympics.
Walpole is a town in the south-western region of Western Australia, located approximately south southeast of Perth and west of Denmark.
The town of Hyden is located east-southeast of Perth, Western Australia in the Shire of Kondinin. Hyden is home to Wave Rock, Mulka's Cave and Hippos Yawn, all popular local tourist attractions.
Dona Maria Manuela (15 October 1527 – 12 July 1545) was the eldest daughter and second child of King John III of Portugal and his wife Catherine of Austria. She was Princess of Asturias and Duchess of Milan as the first wife of the future Philip II of Spain, and Princess of Portugal as heir presumptive to the Portuguese throne between 1527 and 1535.
Maryam Yusuf Jamal     (born 16 September 1984) is a Bahraini middle-distance runner. She is the first Bahraini athlete to win an Olympic medal, a gold  in the 1500m women's race, in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. 
Oskar Vogt (6 April 1870, Husum – 30 July 1959, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German physician and neurologist. He and his wife Cécile Vogt-Mugnier are known for their extensive cytoarchetectonic studies on the brain.
Hugh X de Lusignan, Hugh V of La Marche or Hugh I of Angoulême (c. 1183 – c. 5 June 1249, Angoulême) succeeded his father Hugh IX as Seigneur de Lusignan and Count of La Marche in November 1219 and was Count of Angoulême by marriage.
Servair is a subsidiary of the Swiss catering company gategroup, specialised in airline catering. Servair has its head office in the Continental Square complex in Roissypôle, Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport and in Tremblay-en-France.
Ramsau is a German municipality in the Bavarian Alps with a population of around 1,800. It is located on the Königssee in the district of Berchtesgadener Land in Bavaria, close to the border with Austria, 35 km south of Salzburg and 150 km south-east of Munich. It is situated north of the Berchtesgaden National Park.
Minlaton is a town in central Yorke Peninsula, South Australia. At the 2016 census, Minlaton had a population of 800. 
Gilles Donald Yapi Yapo (born 30 January 1982) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Basel ll.
Mahamadou Diarra (born 18 May 1981) is Malian former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. He served as captain for the Mali national team.
The National Flute Association  is the largest flute organization in the world, with roughly 5,000 members from more than 50 countries. It is an association in the United States with headquarters in Chicago, Illinois. 
Germar Rudolf, also known as Germar Scheerer, born 29 October 1964, is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier.
Nikolai Sergeyevich Valuev (; born 21 August 1973) is a Russian politician and former professional boxer. He competed in boxing from 1993 to 2009, and held the WBA heavyweight title twice between 2005 and 2009. 
Radio Ceredigion  was an Independent Local Radio station serving Ceredigion in Mid Wales. It was owned and operated by Nation Broadcasting and broadcast on 96.6, 97.4 and 103.3 FM from studios near the St Hilary transmitter in the Vale of Glamorgan.
e-mart  is the largest retailer in South Korea. There were 160 stores across the country as of December 2016. 
England is a city in southwestern Lonoke County, Arkansas, United States and the county's fourth most populous city. The population was 2,825 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Matthew Rhys Holland (born 11 April 1974) is a former professional footballer, who played as a central midfielder. He began his career at West Ham United and subsequently joined Bournemouth, before spending long spells at Ipswich Town and Charlton Athletic, where he retired in 2009.
KVDU (104.1 MHz, "104.1 The Spot") is an adult hits radio station serving the New Orleans and Baton Rouge radio markets. KVDU is owned by iHeartMedia. 
WTUL is a progressive/alternative FM radio outlet in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States, operating at 91.5 MHz with an ERP of 1,500 watts.
The National Patriotic Front of Liberia  was a rebel group that initiated and participated in the First Liberian Civil War from 1989 to 1996.
Alisa Brunovna Freindlich (, born 8 December 1934 in Leningrad, Soviet Union) is a Soviet and Russian actress. People's Artist of the Soviet Union (1981). Since 1983, Freindlich is a leading actress of the Bolshoi Drama in St. Petersburg, Russia.
The Flores Sea covers of water in Indonesia. The sea is bounded on the north by the island of Celebes and on the south by Sunda Islands of Flores and Sumbawa.
The Graves is an aggregation of rock outcroppings in Massachusetts Bay, Massachusetts, United States. Situated some offshore of downtown Boston, it is the outermost island in the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area.
Pierre Marie Félix Janet (; 30 May 1859 – 24 February 1947) was a pioneering French psychologist, philosopher and psychotherapist in the field of dissociation and traumatic memory.
Tewksbury Rock is a small, subsurface rock pinnacle located in Massachusetts Bay, within the city limits of Boston. The rock is northeast of Outer Brewster Island, west of Martin Ledge, south east of Green Island and far north of Boston Ledge. 
Ituiutaba is a municipality in the western part of Minas Gerais state, Brazil. Elevated to city status in 1901, its population in 2017 was 104.526 and a total area in the municipality of 2,694 km. 
Kerry Condon (born 4 January 1983) is an Irish television and film actress, best known for her role as Octavia of the Julii in the HBO/BBC series "Rome," as Stacey Ehrmantraut in AMC's "Better Call Saul," and as the voice of F.R.I.D.A.Y. in various films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. She is also the youngest actress ever to play Ophelia in a Royal Shakespeare Company production of "Hamlet." She appeared in AMC's "The Walking Dead" in "30 Days Without an Accident".
Burnett Guffey, A.S.C. (May 26, 1905 – May 30, 1983) was an American cinematographer.
Colorado Rapids U–23 were an American soccer team based in the Denver suburb of Commerce City, Colorado, United States. Originally founded in 2000 as part of the development system for the Colorado Rapids, the team played in USL League Two, the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid.
Mark Aronoff , a native of Montreal, Quebec, is a morphologist and distinguished professor at Stony Brook University. The editor of "Language" from 1995 to 2001 and president of the Linguistic Society of America in 2005, he has been elected a fellow of both the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
WZVN-TV, virtual channel 26 (UHF digital channel 41), is an ABC-affiliated television station serving Fort Myers, Florida, United States that is licensed to Naples (as such, it is one of two Fort Myers-based stations licensed in Naples, alongside CW affiliate WXCW, channel 46).
Lee Valley Tools Ltd. is a Canadian business specializing in tools and gifts for woodworking and gardening.
Udo Kier (born Udo Kierspe; 14 October 1944) is a German actor and voice actor. Known primarily as a character actor, Kier has appeared in over 200 films in both leading and supporting roles throughout Europe and North America. He has collaborated with acclaimed filmmakers like Lars von Trier, Gus van Sant, Walerian Borowczyk, Dario Argento, Charles Matton, and Paul Morrissey.
The National Democratic Party of Liberia  is a political party in Liberia.
The Scandinavian coastal conifer forest ecoregion or the Norwegian coastal conifer forest ecoregion, a Palearctic ecoregion in the temperate coniferous forests biome, is located in along the coast of Norway. Within it are a number of small areas with botanical features and a local climate consistent with a temperate rainforest.
Bass Rock is a small barren rock between Plum Island Sound and Ipswich Bay, in Ipswich, Massachusetts, USA. The rock is just south of Sandy Point and Sand Point State Reserve on Plum Island and northeast of Little Neck  on Great Neck.
Artur Manfred Max-Neef (; born 26 October 1932) is a Chilean economist of German descent, Max-Neef was born in Valparaíso, Chile. He started his career as a professor of economics at the University of California, Berkeley in the early 1960s. 
Marion Hall Zinderstein (May 6, 1896 – August 14, 1980) also known by her married name Marion Jessup, was a female tennis player from the United States. At the 1924 Paris Olympics, she won a silver medal in the mixed doubles event partnering Vincent Richards.
Anthony Jackson, (June 23, 1952, New York, New York) is a Grammy-nominated American bassist and session musician based in New York City.
Minatec  is a vast complex specializing in micro-nano technologies in Grenoble, France. 
NOHAB  was a manufacturing company based in the city of Trollhättan, Sweden.
Baroness Alida Maria Laura Altenburger von Marckenstein-Frauenberg (31 May 1921 – 22 April 2006), better known by her stage name Alida Valli , was an Italian actress who appeared in more than 100 films, including Mario Soldati's "Piccolo mondo antico", Alfred Hitchcock's "The Paradine Case", Carol Reed's "The Third Man", Michelangelo Antonioni's "Il Grido", Luchino Visconti's "Senso", Bernardo Bertolucci's "1900", Georges Franju's "Les Yeux sans Visage", and Dario Argento's "Suspiria".
Iwan Bloch  (April 8, 1872 – November 21, 1922) was a German dermatologist and psychiatrist.
San Benedetto in Perillis is a town and "comune" in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, central Italy. The town is from the regional capital, L'Aquila.
Edith Margaret Hannam ("née" Boucher; 28 November 1878 – 16 January 1951) was a female tennis player from Great Britain. She played at the 1912 Summer Olympics and won two gold medals.
Schmalkalden  is a town in the Schmalkalden-Meiningen district, in the southwest of the state of Thuringia, Germany. It is on the southern slope of the Thuringian Forest at the Schmalkalde river, a tributary to the Werra. , 
Dhala or Dhali` , Amiri , or the Emirate of Dhala  was a state in the British Aden Protectorate, the Federation of Arab Emirates of the South, and its successor, the Federation of South Arabia. Its capital was Dhala .
Emperor Huizong (1060–1086), born Li Bingchang 李秉常, was the 3rd emperor of the Western Xia (reigned 1067–1086).
The Great Works River is a river in southwestern Maine in the United States. It rises in central York County and flows generally south past North Berwick to meet the tidal part of the Salmon Falls River at South Berwick.
Udo Gustav Wilhelm Egon von Woyrsch (24 July 1895 – 14 January 1983) was a high-ranking SS official in Nazi Germany who was responsible for implementing the regime's racial policies during World War II.
St. George is a Canadian town in Charlotte County, New Brunswick.
Michele Watley, better known for her stage name Midori (born July 19, 1968), is an American singer, dancer, actress and former pornographic actress. She was inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame in 2009.
Scotland Island is an island and suburb on the Northern Beaches of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Church Point, Scotland Island's major mainland service locality, is located 32 kilometres north of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of Northern Beaches Council.
Kevin Dallas Martin Jr. (born February 1, 1983) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 12 seasons in the National Basketball Association . He played college basketball for Western Carolina University, where in his junior year, he averaged 24.9 points per game, which ranked second in the nation. After three years at Western Carolina, he entered the 2004 NBA draft and was selected with the 26th overall pick by the Sacramento Kings.
Nikolay Nikolayevich Bogolyubov (; 21 August 1909 – 13 February 1992), also transliterated as Bogoliubov and Bogolubov, was a Soviet mathematician and theoretical physicist known for a significant contribution to quantum field theory, classical and quantum statistical mechanics, and the theory of dynamical systems; he was the recipient of the 1992 Dirac Prize.
Polsat is a Polish free-to-air television channel that was launched on 5 December 1992 by Zygmunt Solorz-Żak. As of 2019, it is the most watched television channel in Poland with a market share of 11.30%
Stupino  is a town and the administrative center of Stupinsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Oka River, south of Moscow. Population: 
John Lombe (1693 in Norwich – November 20, 1722 in Derby) was a silk spinner in the 18th century Derby, England.
Sarreguemines  is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.
The Art Gallery of Greater Victoria is an art gallery located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. Opened in 1951, the gallery possesses notable works by artists such as Emily Carr, and has one of Canada's most significant collections of Asian art. 
Clear Creek  is a tributary of the upper Sacramento River in northern California.
Blanche Bingley Hillyard ("née" Bingley; 3 November 1863 – 6 August 1946) was an English tennis player. She won six singles Wimbledon championships (1886, 1889, 1894, 1897, 1898, 1900) and was runner up seven times, having also competed in the first ever Wimbledon championships for women in 1884.
Anouar Brahem  (born on October 20, 1957) is a Tunisian oud player and composer. He is widely acclaimed as an innovator in his field. 
Halluin  is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.
Chad Wackerman (born March 25, 1960) is an American jazz, jazz fusion and rock drummer, who has played with Frank Zappa and Allan Holdsworth. He has worked as a band member, session musician, sideman, and leader of his own ensembles. 
Diez an der Lahn is a town in Germany's Rhein-Lahn district in Rhineland-Palatinate, on the borders of Hesse. Diez is the administrative seat of the municipality of Diez .
Olusoji Adetokunbo Fasuba (born 9 July 1984) is a Nigerian sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. He is the current African record holder in the event with 9.85 seconds, thus making him the fastest African of all time.
Tesla Electric Light and Manufacturing Company was an electric lighting company in Rahway, New Jersey that operated from December 1884 through 1886.
La Lucila is a town of the Vicente López Partido in the northern suburbs of Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is considered to be an upmarket area of mostly family homes. It is located between the larger cities of Olivos, also in Vicente López, and Martínez, in San Isidro Partido.
Walton Sanders Goggins Jr. (born November 10, 1971) is an American actor. He produced and starred in the 2001 short film "The Accountant", which won an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film. He was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in the FX series "Justified".
Famous Players was a Canadian-based film exhibitor and cable television service provider. Famous Players operated numerous movie theatre locations in Canada from British Columbia to Newfoundland and Labrador. The company was owned by Viacom Canada but was sold to Onex Corporation-owned Cineplex Galaxy LP in 2005.
Debrzno  is a town in Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.
Seyi George Olofinjana (born 30 June 1980) is a Nigerian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
WLLR-FM is a radio station licensed to Davenport, Iowa, United States, whose format is modern country music. The station's frequency is 103.7 MHz and it broadcasts at a power of 100 kW.
Chengdu University of Technology  is a Chinese state university co-constructed by the Ministry of Land and Resources of P.R.C. and Sichuan Province, China. The university is located in Chengdu, Sichuan, China. 
Meerane is a town in the Zwickau district of Saxony, Germany. It lies midway between the towns of Altenburg and Zwickau, west of Chemnitz.
The Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad, commonly called the Pan Handle Route , was a railroad that was part of the Pennsylvania Railroad system. Its common name came from its main line, which began at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, crossed the Northern Panhandle of West Virginia, and continued west to Bradford, Ohio, where it split into a northern line to Chicago and a southern one through Indianapolis, Indiana, to East St. Louis, Illinois.
Marcus Lawrence Ward (November 9, 1812 – April 25, 1884) was an American Republican Party politician, who served as the 21st Governor of New Jersey from 1866 to 1869, and represented the state in Congress for one term, from 1873 to 1875.
Gareth Wyn Williams, Baron Williams of Mostyn, (5 February 1941 – 20 September 2003) was a Welsh barrister and Labour politician who was Leader of the House of Lords, Lord President of the Council and a member of the Cabinet at the time of his sudden death in 2003.
Andrea di Cione di Arcangelo (c. 1308 – August 25, 1368), better known as Orcagna, was an Italian painter, sculptor, and architect active in Florence. He worked as a consultant at the Florence Cathedral and supervised the construction of the facade at the Orvieto Cathedral.
Alfred Edmund Brehm  (2 February 1829 in Unterrenthendorf, now called Renthendorf – 11 November 1884 in Renthendorf) was a German zoologist, writer, director of zoological gardens and the son of Christian Ludwig Brehm, a famous pastor and ornithologist.
Nigel David Short (born 1 June 1965) is an English chess grandmaster, columnist, coach, commentator and, since October 2018, Vice-President of FIDE. Short earned the Grandmaster title at the age of 19, and was ranked third in the world by FIDE from January 1988 to July 1989. In 1993 he became the first English player to play a World Chess Championship match, when he qualified to play Garry Kasparov in the World Chess Championship 1993 in London, where Kasparov won 12½ to 7½.
Reona Esaki (江崎 玲於奈 "Esaki Reona", born March 12, 1925), also known as Leo Esaki, is a Japanese physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1973 with Ivar Giaever and Brian David Josephson for his work in electron tunneling in semiconductor materials which finally led to his invention of the Esaki diode, which exploited that phenomenon. This research was done when he was with Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo . 
Reflection Eternal is an American hip hop duo composed of emcee Talib Kweli and producer Hi-Tek. They released their first album, "Train of Thought", in 2000. 
Derek Sanderson Jeter ( ; born June 26, 1974) is an American former professional baseball shortstop, businessman, and baseball executive. He has been the chief executive officer  and part owner of the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball  since September 2017.
The Karakoram is a large mountain range spanning the borders of Pakistan, India, and China, with the northwest extremity of the range extending to Afghanistan and Tajikistan. It begins in the Wakhan Corridor  in the west and encompasses the majority of Gilgit–Baltistan  and extends into Ladakh , and the disputed Aksai Chin region controlled by China. 
Amber Nicole Benson (born January 8, 1977) is an American actress, writer, director, and producer. She is best known for her role as Tara Maclay on the TV series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", and has also directed, produced and starred in her own films "Chance" (2002) and "Lovers, Liars & Lunatics" (2006). She also co-directed the film "Drones" with fellow "Buffy" cast member Adam Busch.
Fuad II (, ; born 16 January 1952 as Prince Ahmad Fuad) is a member of the Egyptian Muhammad Ali dynasty. He formally reigned as the last King of Egypt and the Sudan from July 1952 to June 1953, when he was deposed.
Hee-seop Choi (; Hangul: 최희섭; Hanja: 崔熙燮; ; born March 16, 1979) is a South Korean former professional baseball first baseman. He played in Major League Baseball  for the Chicago Cubs, Florida Marlins, and Los Angeles Dodgers and in the KBO League for the Kia Tigers.
Luca Giordano (18 October 1634 – 3 January 1705) was an Italian late Baroque painter and printmaker in etching. Fluent and decorative, he worked successfully in Naples and Rome, Florence and Venice, before spending a decade in Spain.
James W. Cockburn, (February 13, 1819 – August 14, 1883) was a Canadian Conservative politician, and a father of Canadian Confederation.
Richmond Hill (2016 population 195,022) is a city in south-central York Region, Ontario, Canada. Part of the Greater Toronto Area, it is the York Region's third most populous municipality and the 28th most populous municipality in Canada.
Colima  is a city that is the capital of the Colima state and the seat of Colima municipality, located in central−western Mexico.
Lata Mangeshkar  (born 28 September 1929) is an Indian playback singer and music director. She is one of the best-known and most respected playback singers in South Asia, especially India. 
John Paul Cusack (; born June 28, 1966) is an American actor, producer, and screenwriter. He began acting in films during the 1980s and has since starred in a number of movies, including "Better Off Dead" (1985), "Say Anything..." (1989), "Bullets over Broadway" (1994), "Grosse Pointe Blank" (1997), "Being John Malkovich" (1999), "High Fidelity" (2000), "1408" (2007), "Igor" (2008), "2012" (2009), "The Raven" (2012) and "Love and Mercy" (2014).
, trading as Daihatsu, is one of the oldest surviving Japanese internal combustion engine manufacturers, later known for its range of smaller "kei" models and off-road vehicles. The headquarters are located in Ikeda, Osaka Prefecture. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Toyota Motor Corporation since August 2016.
Petrovaradin  is one of two city municipalities which constitute the city of Novi Sad. As of 2011, the urban area has 27,083 inhabitants, while the municipality has 33,865 people inhabitants. 
The Pennines , also known as the Pennine Chain or Pennine Hills, are a range of mountains and hills in England separating North West England from Yorkshire and North East England.
Dame Margaret Mary Beckett (' Jackson; born 15 January 1943) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament  for Derby South since 1983. She was the Deputy Leader of the Labour Party under John Smith from 1992 to 1994, and briefly served as Leader of the Labour Party after Smith died suddenly. 
Diahann Carroll (; born Carol Diahann Johnson, July 17, 1935) is an American actress, singer and model. She rose to stardom in performances in some of the earliest major studio films to feature black casts, including "Carmen Jones" in 1954 and "Porgy and Bess" in 1959. In 1962, Carroll won a Tony Award for best actress, a first for a black woman, for her role in the Broadway musical "No Strings."
John Arne Semundseth Riise (born 24 September 1980) is a Norwegian professional football and a former player who played as a left back and a left midfielder.
Mohammed VI (; born 21 August 1963) is the King of Morocco. He is a member of the Alaouite dynasty and ascended to the throne on 23 July 1999 upon the death of his father, King Hassan II.
The Kerala Sahitya Akademi or Academy for Malayalam literature is an autonomous body established to promote the Malayalam language and literature. It is situated in City of Thrissur, Kerala in India.
Friedrich Christoph Dahlmann (13 May 1785, Wismar5 December 1860, Bonn) was a German historian and politician.
Johanna Mansfield Sullivan Macy (April 14, 1866 – October 20, 1936), better known as Anne Sullivan, was an American teacher best known for being the instructor and lifelong companion of Helen Keller.
Blessed Gisela of Hungary (or Gisele, Gizella and of Bavaria; 985 – 7 May 1065) was the first queen consort of Hungary by marriage to Saint Stephen of Hungary, and the sister of Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor. She has been beatified by the Roman Catholic church.
Antoine Arnauld (6 February 16128 August 1694) was a French Roman Catholic theologian, philosopher and mathematician. He was one of the leading intellectuals of the Jansenist group of Port-Royal and had a very thorough knowledge of patristics. Contemporaries called him "le Grand" to distinguish him from his father.
Torcello  is a sparsely populated island at the northern end of the Venetian Lagoon, in north-eastern Italy. It was first settled in the year 452 and has been referred to as the parent island from which Venice was populated. It was a town with a cathedral and bishops before St Mark's Basilica was built.
Andrew Wynford Davies (; born 20 September 1936) is a Welsh writer of screenplays and novels, best known for "House of Cards" and "A Very Peculiar Practice", and his adaptations of "Vanity Fair", "Pride and Prejudice", "Middlemarch", and "War & Peace". He was made a BAFTA Fellow in 2002.
Marshal of the Empire Michel Ney , 1st Duke of Elchingen, 1st Prince of the Moskva (10 January 1769 – 7 December 1815), popularly known as Marshal Ney, was a French soldier and military commander of German origin who fought in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars. He was one of the original 18 Marshals of the Empire created by Napoleon. 
The Liberal Reformist Party  was a liberal political party active in the Walloon Region and Brussels in Belgium. The PRL grew out of the Francophone part of the unitary liberal Party for Freedom and Progress  in 1971 and merged into the Reformist Movement  in 2002.
Theofan Stilian Noli, known as Fan Noli (6 January 1882 – 13 March 1965), was an Albanian writer, scholar, diplomat, politician, historian, orator and founder of the Orthodox Church of Albania, who served as Prime Minister and regent of Albania in 1924 during the June Revolution.
Janet Leigh (born Jeanette Helen Morrison; July 6, 1927 – October 3, 2004) was an American actress, singer, dancer, and author. Raised in Stockton, California, by working-class parents, Leigh was discovered at age eighteen by actress Norma Shearer, who helped her secure a contract with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 
Robert Lowry (March 10, 1829January 19, 1910) was an American politician and a Confederate States Army general during the American Civil War.
Giacomo Girolamo Casanova (, ; 2 April 1725 – 4 June 1798) was an Italian adventurer and author from the Republic of Venice. His autobiography, "Histoire de ma vie" , is regarded as one of the most authentic sources of the customs and norms of European social life during the 18th century.
Jabez Lamar Monroe Curry (June 5, 1825 – February 12, 1903) was an American Democratic politician and diplomat who served as an officer of the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War.
Sir Sidney Lee (5 December 1859 – 3 March 1926) was an English biographer, writer and critic.
Anthony Dominick Benedetto (born August 3, 1926), known professionally as Tony Bennett, is an American singer of traditional pop standards, big band, show tunes, and jazz. He is also a painter, having created works under the name Anthony Benedetto that are on permanent public display in several institutions. He is the founder of the Frank Sinatra School of the Arts in Astoria, Queens, New York.
Eugenio Corini (born 30 July 1970) is an Italian association football coach and former player, currently in charge as head of Brescia in the Serie B league.
Sandra Caldarone (born 15 October 1972), better known as Sandra Kim, is a Belgian singer of Italian descent who won the Eurovision Song Contest 1986. Her father was an Italian immigrant from Torrebruna in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy.
Puntland , officially the Puntland State of Somalia , is a region in northeastern Somalia. Centred on the town of Garoowe in the Nugal province, its leaders declared the territory an autonomous state in 1998 but is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia.
Andrew Robert Buxton Cavendish, 11th Duke of Devonshire, (2 January 1920 – 3 May 2004), styled Lord Andrew Cavendish until 1944 and Marquess of Hartington from 1944 to 1950, was a British Conservative and later Social Democratic Party politician. He was a minister in the government of Prime Minister Harold Macmillan , but is best known for opening Chatsworth House to the public. 
Herman Wrangel (born either 1584 or 1587- died 10 December 1643) was a Swedish military officer and politician of Baltic German extraction.
Diogenes , also known as Diogenes the Cynic , was a Greek philosopher and one of the founders of Cynic philosophy. He was born in Sinope, an Ionian colony on the Black Sea, in 412 or 404 BC and died at Corinth in 323 BC.
Samuel Alexander Mendes (born 1 August 1965) is an English film director, film producer, screenwriter, and stage director best known for directing the drama film "American Beauty" (1999), which earned him the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Director, the crime film "Road to Perdition" (2002), and the James Bond films "Skyfall" (2012) and "Spectre" (2015).
Seine-et-Oise was a "département" of France encompassing the western, northern, and southern parts of the metropolitan area of Paris. Its "préfecture"  was Versailles and its official number was 78. 
Miskolc  is a city in northeastern Hungary, known for its heavy industry. With a population of 161,265 (1st Jan 2014) Miskolc is the fourth largest city in Hungary . It is also the county capital of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén and the regional centre of Northern Hungary.
Tulita, which in Dene language means "where the rivers or waters meet," is a hamlet in the Sahtu Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada. It was formerly known as "Fort Norman", until 1 January 1996. It is located at the junction of the Great Bear River and the Mackenzie River; the Bear originates at Great Bear Lake adjacent to Deline.
Jon Stewart (born Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz; November 28, 1962) is an American comedian, writer, producer, director, activist, political commentator, actor, and television host. He hosted "The Daily Show", a satirical news program on Comedy Central, from 1999 to 2015.
Jerzy Henryk Dudek (; born 23 March 1973) is a Polish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Christopher Thomas Howell (born December 7, 1966) is an American actor and director. He has starred in the films "Soul Man", "The Hitcher", "Grandview U.S.A.", "Red Dawn", "Secret Admirer" and "The Outsiders". He has also appeared in "Gettysburg" as Thomas Chamberlain, "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", "The Amazing Spider-Man", "" and "".
Arnold Raymond Cream (January 31, 1914 – February 25, 1994), best known as Jersey Joe Walcott, was an American professional boxer who competed from 1930 to 1953. He held the world heavyweight title from 1951 to 1952, and broke the record for the oldest man to win the title, at the age of 37. That record would eventually be broken in 1994 by 45-year-old George Foreman.
Euronews is a European pay television news network, headquartered in Lyon, France. The network began broadcasting on 1 January 1993 and aimed to cover world news from a pan-European perspective.
Jean-Charles Chapais, (December 2, 1811 – July 17, 1885) was a Canadian Conservative politician, and considered a Father of Canadian Confederation for his participation in the Quebec Conference to determine the form of Canada's government.
Melinda Gebbie is an American comics artist and writer, known for her participation in the underground comix movement. She is also known for creating the controversial work "Fresca Zizis" and her contributions to "Wimmen's Comix," as well as her work with her husband Alan Moore on the three-volume graphic novel "Lost Girls" and the "Tomorrow Stories" anthology series.
Barnett Newman (January 29, 1905 – July 4, 1970) was an American artist. He is seen as one of the major figures in abstract expressionism and one of the foremost of the color field painters. 
Salem  is a city in Salem district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is located about northeast of Coimbatore, southeast of Karnataka state capital Bangalore and about southwest of the state capital, Chennai. Salem is the fifth
Sorbon is a commune of the Ardennes department in northern France.
Saint Anatolius (? – 3 July 458) was the first Patriarch of Constantinople (451 – 3 July 458).
Louisville, Kentucky had two professional American football teams in the National Football League: the Louisville Breckenridges  from 1921 to 1924 and the Louisville Colonels in 1926.
The Toledo Maroons were a professional American football team based in Toledo, Ohio in the National Football League in 1922 and 1923. Prior to joining the NFL, the Maroons played in the unofficial "Ohio League" from 1902 until 1921.
Johann Jakob Scherer (November 10, 1825 – December 23, 1878) was a Swiss politician.
Charles Louis Alphonse Laveran (18 June 1845 – 18 May 1922) was a French physician who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1907 for his discoveries of parasitic protozoans as causative agents of infectious diseases such as malaria and trypanosomiasis. Following his father, Louis Théodore Laveran, he took up military medicine as his profession. He obtained his medical degree from University of Strasbourg in 1867.
Daniel-Henri Druey (12 April 1799 – 29 March 1855) was a Swiss politician of the 19th century and a founding father of constitutional democracy and member of Free Democratic Party in Switzerland.
Jason Curtis Newsted (born March 4, 1963) is an American metal musician, known for being the third bass guitarist with the band Metallica from October 1986 until his sudden departure in January 2001.
Hans Fritz Scholl (22 September 1918 – 22 February 1943) was a founding member of the White Rose resistance movement in Nazi Germany. He was executed by the Nazi regime during time of war.
Wilhelm Matthias Naeff (19 February 1802 – 21 January 1881) was a Swiss politician and one of the seven initial members of the Swiss Federal Council (1848–1875).
Ian Edward Wright, (born 3 November 1963) is an English former professional footballer and television and radio personality. He is currently a studio pundit for BBC Sport and ITV Sport.
Haquin Spegel  (14 June 1645 – 17 April 1714), born "Håkan Spegel" in Ronneby in Blekinge , was a religious author and hymn writer who held several bishop's seats. 
Lufthansa CityLine GmbH is a German airline with its headquarters on the grounds of Munich Airport. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Lufthansa and maintains hubs at Frankfurt Airport and Munich Airport, from where it operates a dense domestic and European network as a member of Lufthansa Regional.
Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc. is a fantasy and science fiction small press publisher in New Hampshire that was founded in 1964. It is notable for publishing fantasy and horror novels with lavish illustrations, most notably Stephen King's The Dark Tower series and the King/Peter Straub novel "The Talisman".
WCPO-TV, virtual channel 9 (UHF digital channel 22), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. It is one of two flagship television properties of the Cincinnati-based E. W. Scripps Company , which has owned the station since its inception. WCPO-TV's studios are located in the Mount Adams neighborhood of Cincinnati, and its transmitter is located in the Mount Auburn section of the city.
Coconut Island, or Moku o Loe, is a 28-acre (113,000 m²) island in Kāne'ohe Bay off the island of Oahu in the state of Hawaii, United States. It is a marine research facility of the Hawaii Institute of Marine Biology  of the University of Hawaii.
Progressive Democratic Tribune  is a political organization launched by returning exiles from the underground communist National Liberation Front – Bahrain in 2001. Ahmad Al-Thawadi was its founding chairman. 
Fausto Bertinotti (born 22 March 1940) is an Italian politician who led the Communist Refoundation Party  from 1994 to 2006. On 29 April 2006, after the centre-left coalition's victory in the Italian general election, he was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies , a position he held until 2008.
The Malawi Democratic Party is a political party in Malawi. The party was founded by Kamlepo Kalua and others. At the 20 May 2004 general election, the party was part of the Mgwirizano Coalition that won 27 out of 194 seats.
Rednex is a Swedish musical group, originally consisted of the lead singer Mary Joe , alongside Bobby Sue , Ken Tacky , Billy Ray  and Mup . The group enjoyed success throughout the 1990s with novelty hits such as "Cotton Eye Joe", "Old Pop in an Oak", "The Spirit of the Hawk" and "Wish You Were Here". 
Al Akhawayn University  is an independent, public, not-for-profit, coeducational university located in Ifran, Morocco, from the imperial city of Fez, in the midst of the Middle Atlas Mountains. The medium of instruction is the English language.
The Town of Danville is located in the San Ramon Valley in Contra Costa County, California. It is one of the incorporated municipalities in California that uses "town" in its name instead of "city". The population was 44,631 in 2016.
Sanger is a city in Fresno County, California, United States. The population was 24,270 at the 2010 census, up from 18,731 at the 2000 census. Sanger is located east-southeast of Fresno, at an elevation of 371 feet (113 m).
Arvin is a city in Kern County, California. Arvin is located southeast of Bakersfield, at an elevation of . As of the 2010 census, the population was 19,304, up from 12,956 at the 2000 census.
Burbank is a city in Los Angeles County in the Los Angeles metropolitan area of Southern California, United States, northwest of downtown Los Angeles. The population at the 2010 census was 103,340.
Hidden Hills is a city and gated community in Los Angeles County, California. It is located next to the city of Calabasas and is located in the west San Fernando Valley. It is notable for being home to many actors and celebrities.
Palos Verdes Estates is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States, situated on the Palos Verdes Peninsula. The city was master-planned by the noted American landscape architect and planner Frederick Law Olmsted Jr. The city is located along the Southern California coastline of the Pacific Ocean.
South Gate is the 17th largest city in Los Angeles County, California, with . South Gate is located southeast of Downtown Los Angeles. It is part of the Gateway Cities region of southeastern Los Angeles County.
Ukiah  is the county seat and largest city of Mendocino County, California. With its accessible location (along the U.S. Route 101 corridor several miles south of CA 20), Ukiah serves as the city center for Mendocino County and much of neighboring Lake County.
St. Helena  is a city in Napa County, in California's Wine Country, part of the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area. The population was 5,814 at the 2010 census.
Laguna Woods  is a city in Orange County, California, United States. The population was 16,192 at the 2010 census, down from 16,507 at the 2000 census with a median age of 78.
Roseville  is the largest city in Placer County, California, United States, in the Sacramento metropolitan area. As of 2016, the US Census Bureau estimated the city's population to be 132,683. Interstate 80 runs through Roseville and State Route 65 runs through part of the northern edge of the city.
Lake Elsinore is a city in western Riverside County, California, United States. Established as a city in 1888, it is on the shore of Lake Elsinore, a natural freshwater lake about in size. 
Fontana  is a city in San Bernardino County, California. Founded by Azariel Blanchard Miller in 1913, it remained essentially rural until World War II, when entrepreneur Henry J. Kaiser built a large steel mill in the area. 
El Cajon  is a city in San Diego County, California, United States, east of Downtown San Diego. The city, located in a valley surrounded by mountains, has acquired the nickname of "The Box." Its name originated similarly, from the Spanish phrase "el cajón," which means "the box" or "the drawer."
Tracy is the second most populated city in San Joaquin County, California, United States. The population was 82,922 at the 2010 census. 
Millbrae is a city in San Mateo County, California, United States, just west of San Francisco Bay, with San Bruno on the north and Burlingame on the south. The population was 21,536 at the 2010 census.
Lompoc   is a city in Santa Barbara County, California, on the west coast of the United States. The city was incorporated on August 13, 1888. 
Buk  is a town in central Poland, situated in the Greater Poland Voivodeship (since 1999), previously in Poznań Voivodeship (1975–1998).
Anton M.J. "Tom" Gehrels (February 21, 1925 – July 11, 2011) was a Dutch–American astronomer, Professor of Planetary Sciences, and Astronomer at the University of Arizona, Tucson.
The East Siberian Sea  is a marginal sea in the Arctic Ocean. It is located between the Arctic Cape to the north, the coast of Siberia to the south, the New Siberian Islands to the west and Cape Billings, close to Chukotka, and Wrangel Island to the east. This sea borders on the Laptev Sea to the west and the Chukchi Sea to the east.
France 2  is a French public national television channel. It is part of the state-owned France Télévisions group, along with France 3, France 4, France 5 and France Ô. France Télévisions also participates in ARTE and EuroNews.
The Mercedes-Benz Superdome, often referred to simply as the Superdome, is a domed sports and exhibition venue located in the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. It primarily serves as the home venue for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League , the home stadium for the Sugar Bowl, New Orleans Bowl in college football and the longtime rivalry football game of the SWAC Conference’s Southern University and Grambling State University, known as the Bayou Classic . It also houses their schools’ Battle of the Bands between The Southern University "The Human Jukebox" and Grambling State’s Tiger Marching Band.
Tywyn , formerly spelled Towyn, is a town, community, and seaside resort on the Cardigan Bay coast of southern Gwynedd, Wales. It was previously in the historic county of Merionethshire. It is famous as the location of the Cadfan Stone, a stone cross with the earliest known example of written Welsh, and the home of the Talyllyn Railway.
Ricardo Alberto Martinelli Berrocal, (born March 11, 1952) is a Panamanian politician and businessman who was the 36th President of Panama from 2009 to 2014.
WICS, virtual channel 20 (UHF digital channel 42), is an ABC-affiliated television station licensed to Springfield, Illinois, United States, and also serving Decatur. The station is owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group. 
Corgarff Castle is located slightly west of the village of Corgarff, in Aberdeenshire, north-east Scotland. It stands by the Lecht road, which crosses the pass between Strathdon and Tomintoul.
Hugh III (1142 – August 25, 1192) was duke of Burgundy between 1162 and 1192. Hugh was the eldest son of Duke Odo II and Marie, daughter of Theobald II, Count of Champagne.
Jean-Baptiste Pigalle (26 January 1714 – 20 August 1785) was a French sculptor.
, was an American multi-sport athlete who played in the All-America Football Conference  and Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.
Peter William Krause (; born August 12, 1965) is an American television and film actor. He has played lead roles in multiple television series, portraying Casey McCall on "Sports Night" (1998–2000), Nate Fisher on "Six Feet Under" (2001–2005), Nick George on "Dirty Sexy Money" (2007–2009), Adam Braverman on "Parenthood" (2010–2015), Benjamin Jones on "The Catch" (2016–2017), and Bobby Nash on "9-1-1" (2018–present).
Mwami Mwezi IV Gisabo Bikata-Bijoga (1840–1908) was the king of Burundi from 1852 to 1908. He was the son of king Ntare IV Rutaganzwa Rugamba.
Claude Cohen-Tannoudji (born 1 April 1933) is a French physicist. He shared the 1997 Nobel Prize in Physics with Steven Chu and William Daniel Phillips for research in methods of laser cooling and trapping atoms. Currently he is still an active researcher, working at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris.
Aziza Mustafa Zadeh (; born December 19, 1969) is an Azerbaijani singer, pianist, and composer who plays a fusion of jazz and mugam  with classical and avant-garde influences.
Hermanville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Schwedt  is a town in northeastern Brandenburg, Germany. With the official status of a "Große kreisangehörige Stadt" , it is the largest town of the Uckermark district, located near the Oder River close to the border with Poland.
Baron Wilhelm von Biela (; March 19, 1782 – February 18, 1856) was a German-Austrian military officer and amateur astronomer.
Richmond is a town in Tasmania about 25 km north-east of Hobart, in the Coal River region, between the Midland Highway and Tasman Highway. At the , Richmond had a population of 880.
Geoffrey I, Duke of Brittany (980 – 20 November 1008), also known as Geoffrey of Rennes and Geoffrey Berengar, was the eldest son of Duke Conan I of Brittany. He was Count of Rennes , by right of succession. 
Gary Lawrence Francione (born May 1954) is an American legal scholar. He is the Distinguished Professor of Law and Nicholas deB. Katzenbach Scholar of Law & Philosophy at Rutgers School of Law–Newark.
Robert Carl "Bud" McFarlane (born July 12, 1937) is a retired Marine Corps officer who served as National Security Advisor to President of the United States Ronald Reagan from 1983 through 1985.
Flat Holm  is a limestone island lying in the Bristol Channel approximately from Lavernock Point in the Vale of Glamorgan. It includes the most southerly point of Wales.
Llanfairfechan  is a town and community in the Conwy County Borough, Wales. It is known as a seaside resort and had a population at the 2001 Census of 3,755, reducing to 3,637 at the 2011 Census. 
Cardigan Bay  is a large inlet of the Irish Sea, indenting the west coast of Wales between Bardsey Island, Gwynedd in the north, and Strumble Head, Pembrokeshire at its southern end. It is the largest bay in Wales.
The Huron River is a river in southeastern Michigan, rising out of the Huron Swamp in Springfield Township in northern Oakland County and flowing into Lake Erie on the boundary between Wayne County and Monroe County. In addition to thirteen parks, game areas, and recreation areas, the river passes through the cities of Dexter, Ann Arbor, Ypsilanti, Belleville, Flat Rock and Rockwood.
Norfolk State University  is a public historically black university in Norfolk, Virginia. The university is a member-school of Thurgood Marshall College Fund and the Virginia High-Tech Partnership.
Leonhard Hess Stejneger (30 October 1851 – 28 February 1943) was a Norwegian-born American ornithologist, herpetologist and zoologist. Stejneger specialized in vertebrate natural history studies. 
Pembroke Dock  is a town and a community in Pembrokeshire, South West Wales, northwest of Pembroke on the banks of the River Cleddau. Originally Paterchurch, a small fishing village, Pembroke Dock town expanded rapidly following the construction of the Royal Navy Dockyard in 1814. The Cleddau Bridge links Pembroke Dock with Neyland.
The Social Movement – Tricolour Flame , commonly known as Tricolour Flame , is a neo-fascist political party in Italy.
Frank Sherwood "Sherry" Rowland (June 28, 1927 – March 10, 2012) was an American Nobel laureate and a professor of chemistry at the University of California, Irvine. His research was on atmospheric chemistry and chemical kinetics. 
Charles Leslie Stevenson (June 27, 1908 – March 14, 1979) was an American analytic philosopher best known for his work in ethics and aesthetics.
Arrowtown is a historic gold mining town in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand. Arrowtown is located on the banks of the Arrow River approximately 7.5 km from State Highway 6. 
Zeke is an American hardcore punk band from Seattle, Washington formed in 1992. They are known for their extremely fast, energetic guitar sound. 
Thomas Patten Stafford (born September 17, 1930; Lt Gen, USAF, Ret.) is an American former Air Force officer, test pilot, and NASA astronaut.
Henri de Man (; 17 November 1885 – 20 June 1953) was a Belgian politician and leader of the Belgian Labour Party . He was one of the leading socialist theoreticians of his period and, during the German occupation of Belgium during World War II, was heavily involved in collaboration.
Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands (née "Petra Laurentien Brinkhorst"; born 25 May 1966) is the wife of Prince Constantijn and sister-in-law of King Willem-Alexander and Queen Máxima.
Sortavala (till 1918 Serdobol; ; Finnish and ; ) is a town in the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located at the northern tip of Lake Ladoga near the Finnish border. Population: 
Sergio Panunzio (July 20, 1886 – October 8, 1944) was an Italian theoretician of national syndicalism. In the 1920s, he became a major theoretician of Italian Fascism.
Landelles-et-Coupigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Harry Ruby (January 27, 1895 – February 23, 1974) was an American composer and screenwriter, who was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1970. He was married to silent film actress Eileen Percy.
The Ill  is a river in Alsace, in north-eastern France. It is a left bank, or western, tributary of the Rhine.
The Counts of Louvain were a branch of the Lotharingian House of Reginar which from the late 10th century ruled over the estates of Louvain  or Leuven  in Lower Lorraine.
Mulanje  is a town in the Southern Region, Malawi close to the border with Mozambique, to the east. It is near the Mulanje Massif.
Tzomet  is a small secular, right-wing political party in Israel.
The North Dakota Senate is the upper house of the North Dakota Legislative Assembly, smaller than the North Dakota House of Representatives.
Dominique Vivant, Baron Denon (4 January 174727 April 1825) was a French artist, writer, diplomat, author, and archaeologist. He was appointed as the first Director of the Louvre museum by Napoleon after the Egyptian campaign of 1798–1801, and is commemorated in the Denon Wing of the modern museum and in the Dominique-Vivant Denon Research Center. 
Zachary Knight Galifianakis (; born October 1, 1969) is an American actor, comedian, and writer who came to prominence with his "Comedy Central Presents" special in 2001 and presented his own show called "Late World with Zach" on VH1 the following year. He has also starred in films, such as "The Hangover" trilogy (2009–2013), "Due Date" (2010), "The Campaign" (2012), "Birdman or " (2014), "Masterminds" (2016), and "The Lego Batman Movie" (2017).
Matthew Nile Ashford (born January 29, 1960) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles on the soap operas "Days of Our Lives" and "The Bay", for the former of which he received a nomination for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2012.
Don Sinclair Davis (August 4, 1942 – June 29, 2008) was an American character actor best-known for playing General Hammond in the television series "Stargate SG-1" (1997–2007), and earlier for playing Major Garland Briggs on the television series "Twin Peaks" (1990–1991). He was also a theater professor, painter, and United States Army captain.
Ustad Abdul Rab Rasul Sayyaf ( ; , born 1946, Paghman, Kabul Province, Afghanistan) is an Afghan politician and former mujahideen commander. He took part in the war against the PDPA government in the 1980s, leading the Afghan mujahideen faction "Ittehad-al-Islami" .
Ryman is a stationery retail company with 220 outlets nationwide in the United Kingdom. The website and stores provide a wide range of stationery and office supplies for homes and businesses, with its headquarters in Crewe, Cheshire.
Wanaka  is a popular ski and summer resort town in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand. At the southern end of Lake Wanaka, it is at the start of the Clutha River and is the gateway to Mount Aspiring National Park.
WQOW is a dual ABC/CW+-affiliated television station licensed to Eau Claire, Wisconsin, United States, serving the Chippewa Valley of Western Wisconsin. It broadcasts a high definition digital signal on UHF channel 25 (or virtual channel 18 via PSIP) from a transmitter at the studios of rival NBC outlet WEAU (channel 13) on South Hastings Way in Altoona. 
William Bateson (8 August 1861 – 8 February 1926) was an English biologist who was the first person to use the term genetics to describe the study of heredity, and the chief populariser of the ideas of Gregor Mendel following their rediscovery in 1900 by Hugo de Vries and Carl Correns. His 1894 book "Materials for the Study of Variation" was one of the earliest formulations of the new approach to genetics.
Itatiaia National Park , established in 1937, is the oldest national park in Brazil. 
Ystradgynlais  is a town on the banks of the River Tawe in southwest Powys, Wales, and is the second largest in the principal area and county of Powys. It is in the historic county of Brecknockshire.
Longueville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Fossil Group, Inc. is an American fashion designer and manufacturer founded in 1984 by Tom Kartsotis and based in Richardson, Texas. Their brands include Fossil, Relic, Abacus, Michele Watch, Skagen Denmark, Misfit, WSI, and Zodiac Watches. Fossil also makes licensed accessories for brands such as Skechers, Emporio Armani, Karl Lagerfeld, Michael Kors, Marc Jacobs, formerly Marc by Marc Jacobs, DKNY, Diesel, Kate Spade New York, Tory Burch, Chaps, Burberry and Armani Exchange.
Amy Paulette "Amii" Stewart (born January 29, 1956) is an American disco and soul singer and dancer most famous for her hit disco record cover of Eddie Floyd's "Knock on Wood". Stewart is the stepsister of actress-singer Miquel Brown and aunt to Brown's actress-singer daughter Sinitta.
Brian Hugh Warner (born January 5, 1969), known by his stage name Marilyn Manson, is an American singer, songwriter, actor, record producer, visual artist, author, and former music journalist. He is known for his controversial stage personality and image as the lead singer of the band Marilyn Manson, which he co-founded with guitarist Daisy Berkowitz and of which he remains the only constant member. 
Lamar Joseph Odom (born November 6, 1979) is an American professional basketball player. As a member of the Los Angeles Lakers in the National Basketball Association , he won NBA championships in 2009 and 2010 and was named the NBA Sixth Man of the Year in 2011.
The Midland Railway Carriage and Wagon Company was a Birmingham, England, based manufacturer of railway carriages and wagons. It was not part of the Midland Railway.
Keck Graduate Institute  is a private graduate school in Claremont, California. Founded by Henry Riggs in 1997, it is the seventh and newest member of the Claremont Consortium.
Otto Robert Frisch FRS (1 October 1904 – 22 September 1979) was an Austrian physicist who worked on nuclear physics. With Lise Meitner he advanced the first theoretical explanation of nuclear fission  and first experimentally detected the fission by-products. 
The John H. Chapman Space Centre is the headquarters of the Canadian Space Agency. It is located in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada, in the borough of Saint-Hubert.
Michael Duane Johnson (born September 13, 1967) is a retired American sprinter who won four Olympic gold medals and eight World Championships gold medals in the span of his career. He formerly held the world and Olympic records in the 200 m and 400 m, as well as the world record in the indoor 400 m. He also once held the world's best time in the 300 m. Johnson is generally considered one of the greatest and most consistent sprinters in the history of track and field.
Jason Thorpe Robinson OBE (born 30 July 1974) is an English former dual-code international rugby league, and rugby union footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s. Playing as a wing or fullback, he won fifty-one rugby union international caps for England, and in rugby league he won twelve caps for Great Britain, and seven for England. 
Sir Banastre Tarleton, 1st Baronet, GCB (21 August 175415 January 1833) was a British soldier and politician. Tarleton was eventually ranked as a general years after his service in the colonies during the American Revolutionary War, and afterwards did not lead troops into battle.
Graham Holdings Company  is a diversified American conglomerate, best known for formerly owning the newspaper for which it was once named, "The Washington Post", and "Newsweek".
Quittapahilla Creek  is a tributary of Swatara Creek in south-central Pennsylvania in the United States. The original Lenape name for this waterway is "Kuwektəpehəle", which means 'it flows out  from the pines '.
Charles II (11 September 1365 – 25 January 1431), called the Bold  was the Duke of Lorraine from 1390 to his death and Constable of France from 1418 to 1425.
Big Coppitt Key is an island in Monroe County, Florida, United States, in the lower Florida Keys. The name is said to be a derivation of the old English word "coppice", meaning thicket. 
Zhao Bing (12 February 1272 – 19 March 1279), also known as Emperor Bing of Song or Bing, Emperor of Song , was the 18th and last emperor of the Song dynasty in China. He was also the ninth and last emperor of the Southern Song dynasty. 
PRISA Televisión, S.A.U  is a leading pay TV company in Spain. 
Louvigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Mandeville-en-Bessin is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Ellen Tyne Daly (born February 21, 1946) is an American actress. She has won six Emmy Awards for her television work and a Tony Award, and is a 2011 American Theatre Hall of Fame inductee.
WSNY is an FM radio station in Columbus, Ohio located at 94.7 MHz.
Newtown St Boswells  is a village in the historic county of Roxburghshire which serves as the administrative centre of the Scottish Borders council area. Lying on the Bowden Burn, Newtown St Boswells is situated between the larger settlements of St Boswells to the south-east and Melrose to the north-west.
May-sur-Orne is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Le Mesnil-Villement is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Larissa Tahireh "Lara" Giddings (born 14 November 1972) is a former Australian politician who was the 44th Premier of Tasmania from 24 January 2011 until 31 March 2014, the first woman to hold the position. She was a Labor Party member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly seat of Franklin from 2002 to 2018, and was the party's leader during her period as premier, replaced by Bryan Green after her government's defeat at the 2014 state election. 
March is a municipality in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.
The Nymphenburg Porcelain Manufactory , manufacturer of Nymphenburg porcelain, is situated next to the Nymphenburg Palace in Munich, capital of Bavaria, and since the mid-eighteenth century has been manufacturing porcelain of high artistic value.
Augignac is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Saint-Martial-de-Valette is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Uckange  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. The inhabitants are called "Uckangeois".
House of Lords is a rock band based out of Connecticut, with members in New Jersey and Florida.
The National Parks Conservation Association  is the only independent, nonpartisan membership organization devoted exclusively to advocacy on behalf of the National Parks System. Its mission is "to protect and enhance America's National Park System for present and future generations."
The Zazzau, also known as the Zaria Emirate is a traditional state with headquarters in the city of Zaria, Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Fox Sports North is an American regional sports network owned by The Walt Disney Company, and operates as a Fox Sports Networks affiliate. The channel broadcasts coverage of sporting events involving teams located in the Upper Midwest region, with a focus on professional and collegiate sports teams based in Minnesota.
Polar Airlines  is an airline based in Yakutsk, Sakha Republic, Russia. It operates scheduled and charter passenger and cargo services.
Grove Field is a public airport located three miles (5 km) north of the central business district of Camas, a city in Clark County, Washington, United States. It is located near Lacamas Lake which has a seaplane base. 
IndyMac, a contraction of Independent National Mortgage Corporation, was an American bank based in California that failed in 2008 and was seized by the United States Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation .
Irene Blecker Rosenfeld (born May 3, 1953) was the chairman and chief executive officer  of Mondelēz International. Rosenfeld's career began at Dancer Fitzgerald Sample a New York City advertising agency; she later joined General Foods consumer research, and then led Frito-Lay as CEO and chairwoman.
The Sierra Pelona Mountains, or the Sierra Pelona Ridge, is a mountain range of the Transverse Ranges in Southern California. Located in northwest Los Angeles and southern Kern Counties, the range is bordered on the north by the San Andreas fault and lies within and is surrounded by the Angeles National Forest.
KSKA (91.1 FM) is a non-commercial radio station in Anchorage, Alaska, United States. The station airs public radio programming from the National Public Radio network and the BBC World Service. KSKA also airs some locally originated programming.
The Landgraviate of Hesse  was a principality of the Holy Roman Empire. It existed as a single entity from 1264 to 1567, when it was divided between the sons of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse.
Sotirios Kaiafas (Greek: Σωτήριος Καϊάφας; born 17 December 1949) is a retired Cypriot footballer who is considered to be the best footballer that Cyprus has ever produced. He played for Omonia and Cyprus. During his career at Omonia, he won the European Golden Boot.
Yee Hope Football Club  is a now defunct Hong Kong football club which played in the Hong Kong First Division League between 1997 and 2001. In 1999–00 and 2000–01, the team played in the name Orient & Yee Hope Union  due to sponsorship reason.
Henry-Russell Hitchcock (1903–1987) was an American architectural historian. A long-time professor at Smith College and New York University, his writings helped to define modern architecture.
KABN-FM was a non-commercial College radio station in Kasilof, Alaska, broadcasting to the Kenai, Alaska, area on 89.5 FM.
Shanghai Film Group Corporation  is a film, animation and documentary production company under the Shanghai Media & Entertainment Group conglomerate. In 2001 it was announced to be a combination of a number of studios, all of which are located in Shanghai, China.
Saltfjellet is a mountain area in Nordland county, Norway that separates the two regions of Helgeland and Salten. It is also a cultural border between the Southern and Central parts of Sápmi.
Chand Bibi (1550–1599 CE), was an Indian Muslim regent and warrior. She acted as the Regent of Bijapur (1580–90) and Regent of Ahmednagar  (1596–99). 
Infanta Beatriz of Spain, Princess of Civitella-Cesi ("Doña Beatriz Isabel Federica Alfonsa Eugénie Cristina Maria Teresia Bienvenida Ladislàa de Borbón y Battenberg"; 22 June 1909 – 22 November 2002) was a daughter of King Alfonso XIII of Spain and Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg, wife of Alessandro Torlonia, 5th Prince di Civitella-Cesi. She was a paternal aunt of King Juan Carlos I.
Great Wall Film Company  was one of the first Chinese film production companies based in Shanghai, China, in the 1920s.
Abdul Razzaq as-Sawsa  was a former Head of State of Libya from 7 October 1990 to 18 November 1992.
Deborah Eisenberg (born November 20, 1945) is an American short-story writer, actress and teacher. She is a professor of writing at Columbia University.
Jameel Sadik "Jim" Al-Khalili (born 20 September 1962) is a British theoretical physicist, author and broadcaster. He is Professor of Theoretical Physics and Chair in the Public Engagement in Science at the University of Surrey. 
The Tusayan Ruins  is an 800-year-old Pueblo Indian site located within Grand Canyon National Park, and is considered by the National Park Service  to be one of the major archeological sites in Arizona.
Ruwa is a town in Mashonaland East, Zimbabwe, situated 22 km south-east of Harare on the main Harare-Mutare highway and railway line.
WNAP is a class D AM radio station on 1110 kHz serving the Norristown, Pennsylvania, area. WNAP broadcasts gospel music from its tower near Arch Road in East Norriton.
The Art and Design University  is an art university located in Cluj-Napoca, Romania. It was founded on November 15, 1925, as the "Fine Arts School of Cluj". 
Anton  Mang (born 29 September 1949 in Inning (Starnberg) at the Ammersee) is a former five-time world champion in Grand Prix motorcycle racing from Germany.
The Deva is a river in Northern Spain, flowing through the Autonomous Communities of Cantabria and Asturias until it joins the Cares River and flows into the Atlantic Ocean, in the Bay of Biscay, where they form the Tina Mayor estuary which is the natural border between Asturias and Cantabria.
The Rocco B. Commisso Soccer Stadium is a 3,500 seat soccer-specific stadium located in Inwood, on the northernmost tip of the island of Manhattan, New York City, within the Baker Athletic Complex. The stadium is named in honor of Rocco B. Commisso, former co-captain of Columbia's 1970 varsity soccer team and current owner and Chairman of the New York Cosmos. 
WFBG (1290 AM) is a news/talk radio station broadcasting in Altoona, Pennsylvania. WFBG originally broadcast on the frequency of 1310 kilohertz and was known as "The Voice of the Alleghenies".
Peter van Nieuwenhuizen (; born October 26, 1938) is a Dutch physicist. He is now a distinguished Professor at Stony Brook University in the United States. Van Nieuwenhuizen is best known for his discovery of supergravity with Sergio Ferrara and Daniel Z. Freedman.
The Pine River is a small river in South East Queensland, Australia.
Aups  is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.
Knighton Town Football Club is a Welsh football club founded in 1887, currently playing in the Mid Wales League South (level 5 in the Welsh pyramid system)
The Pithlachascotee River, often called the Cotee or "Cootie" River, is a blackwater river in Pasco County, Florida.
KKNU is a commercial country music radio station in Springfield, Oregon, broadcasting to the Eugene-Springfield, Oregon area on 93.3 FM. It is owned by Mckenzie River Broadcasting.
Kavala International Airport "Alexander the Great"  is an airport located in the municipality of Nestos, in Greece.
Copesa  is one of the more important Chilean media conglomerate. Copesa is controlled by Álvaro Saieh, a Chilean business man.
Jimeta is a town in Adamawa State, Nigeria. The town's population was 73,080 in 1991. 
Alexander Meissner  (September 14, 1883 – January 3, 1958) was an Austrian engineer and physicist. He was born in Vienna and died in Berlin.
Porreres is a municipality on Mallorca, one of the Balearic Islands, Spain.
KQFE is a non-commercial radio station in Springfield, Oregon, broadcasting to the Eugene-Springfield, Oregon area on 88.9 FM. KQFE airs religious programming from the Family Radio Network. 
George Tzavellas, also rendered Giorgos Tzavellas, Yiorgos Tzavellas, or Yorgos Javellas (, 1916, Athens – October 18, 1976), was a Greek film director, screenwriter, and playwright. His filmmaking was particularly influential, with critic Georges Sadoul considering him "one of the three major postwar Greek directors" .
The Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery  is a museum located in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia. The QVMAG is the largest museum in Australia not located in a capital city.
The Highland Folk Museum is a museum and open-air visitor attraction in Newtonmore in Badenoch and Strathspey in the Scottish Highlands. It is owned by Highland Council and administered by High Life Highland. 
Hanjin Heavy Industry Co. Ltd. is a Korean shipbuilding company, founded in 1937. It is a multinational company, and is an affiliate of the Hanjin Group.
Yuri Valentinovich Zhirkov (; born 20 August 1983) is a Russian footballer who plays for Zenit Saint Petersburg.
Horst Wohlers (born 6 August 1949 in Brunsbüttel, Schleswig-Holstein) is a former German football player and manager.
Globe University and Minnesota School of Business were part of a for-profit school providing specialized training programs in business, medical, legal, information technology, massage, vet tech and drafting/design fields. The large network had multiple campuses in Minnesota, Wisconsin, and South Dakota.
Burgstetten is a municipality in the district of Rems-Murr in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
KCNA (102.7 FM, "102.7 The Drive") is a commercial classic hits music radio station in Cave Junction, Oregon, broadcasting to the Medford-Ashland, Oregon area. The station is currently owned by Opus Broadcasting Systems.
KMXA (1090 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Aurora, Colorado, and serving the Denver metropolitan area. It broadcasts a Spanish-language sports radio format and is owned by Entravision Communications Corporation. KMXA carries the Spanish language network ESPN Deportes Radio.
Homenetmen Beirut Basketball Club  is the basketball department of Homenetmen, a Lebanese-Armenian multi-sports club based in Beirut. The club was established in 1924 in Beirut and is part of the worldwide pan-Armenian Homenetmen association. 
The Kushner-Locke Company was an American independent motion picture/television production founded in March 12, 1983 by Donald Kushner and Peter Locke.
Billy McKee (; 12 November 1921 – 11 June 2019) was an Irish republican and a founding member and leader of the Provisional Irish Republican Army .
Shafter Airport , also known as Minter Field, is a public use airport located east of the central business district of Shafter, a city in Kern County, California, United States. It is owned by the Minter Field Airport District. This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility.
Akdeniz University  is a campus university in Antalya Province of Turkey. It is the leading higher education and scientific research center of the West Mediterranean region of Turkey.
William Morrow and Company is an American publishing company founded by William Morrow in 1926. The company was acquired by Scott Foresman in 1967, sold to Hearst Corporation in 1981, and sold to News Corporation  in 1999. The company is now an imprint of HarperCollins.
The Community College System of New Hampshire  and prior to that New Hampshire Vocational Technical Colleges ) is an organization of seven public community colleges located throughout New Hampshire. 95% of enrolled students are New Hampshire residents.
The French River is a river in south-central Massachusetts and northeastern Connecticut, USA.
Challenger Center for Space Science Education is a United States 501(3) non-profit organization headquartered in Washington, DC. It was founded in 1986 by the families of the astronauts who died in the Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster on January 28, 1986.
Marco Rose (born 11 September 1976) is a German football manager and former professional footballer. He is the current manager of Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach . 
Albert Foundry Football Club is a Northern Irish, intermediate football club from Belfast playing in the Premier Division of the Northern Amateur Football League. Its home ground Paisley Park on the West Circular Road. 
The Rhode Island Historical Society is a privately endowed membership organization, founded in 1822, dedicated to collecting, preserving, and sharing the history of Rhode Island. Its offices are located in Providence, Rhode Island.
Football Club Gifu, abbreviated as is a Japanese football club based in Gifu, Japan. They play in the J2 League, the second tier of Japanese professional football.
Babayevo  is a town and the administrative center of Babayevsky District in Vologda Oblast, Russia, located in the south of the district, on the Kolp River  west of Vologda, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
The Henry Altemus Company was a publishing company based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for almost a century, from 1842 to 1936.
Yuri Landman (born February 1, 1973) is a Dutch inventor of musical instruments and musician who has made several experimental electric string instruments for a number of artists including Lee Ranaldo of Sonic Youth, Liars, Jad Fair of Half Japanese, Liam Finn, and Laura-Mary Carter.
Gransdorf is municipality in western Germany, near Bitburg. It belongs to the district Bitburg-Prüm, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
The Federation of Ethiopia and Eritrea or Ethiopian–Eritrean Federation was a federation of the Ethiopian Empire and Eritrea. It was created by the approval of the Federal Act in Ethiopia and the Eritrean Constitution on .
Jaffna Airport  , also known as Palaly Airport and SLAF Palaly, is an air force base and domestic airport in the town of Palaly in Jaffna District, Northern Province, Sri Lanka. Located approximately north of the city of Jaffna, the airport was originally built by the Royal Air Force during World War II and later served as the country's second international airport before being taken over by the Sri Lanka Air Force.
Olivia Blanc (born 1 January 1980), known as Olivia Ruiz, is a French pop singer of partial Spanish descent belonging to the nouvelle chanson genre. She gained fame after reaching the semi-finals of the French "Star Academy" series in 2001.
Les Avirons , is a commune in the Réunion overseas department of France in the Indian Ocean. It borders the communes of Saint-Leu, Cilaos, Saint-Louis and L'Étang-Salé, and 150 metres of coastline.
The CBSO Youth Orchestra in Birmingham, England is an amateur symphony orchestra for young people managed by the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra . The orchestra is based at CBSO Centre but performs at Symphony Hall, Birmingham; membership is drawn from the entire Midlands region.
Franz Serafin Exner (24 March 1849 – 15 October 1926) was an Austrian physicist.
The Film Society of Lincoln Center, known since April 29, 2019 as Film at Lincoln Center, is a film presentation organization based in New York City, United States. Founded in 1969 by three Lincoln Center executives—William F. May, Martin E. Segal and Schuyler G. Chapin—the film society spotlights American independent cinema and world cinema, and recognizes and supports new filmmakers. 
Koopa is a rock band from Sible Hedingham, near Colchester, Essex, England. The band formed in 2000 by the brothers Stuart Cooper  and Oliver "Ollie" Cooper , plus Joe Murphy . 
The Sarawak State Museum  is the oldest museum in Borneo. It was founded in 1888 and opened in 1891 in a purpose-built building in Kuching, Sarawak. 
KATY-FM (101.3 MHz, "101.3 The Mix"), is a commercial radio station serving to the southwestern portion of the Riverside-San Bernardino, California radio market. KATY-FM is licensed to Idyllwild, California, with its studios and offices in Temecula, California. 
Evie Dominikovic (, ; born 29 May 1980) is a retired Australian tennis player. She turned professional in 1997. Her best Grand Slam results came at the 2001 Australian Open and at the 2002 French Open where she reached the third round.
Trondheim Trafikkselskap or TT was the city public transport company for Trondheim, Norway between 1974 and 2001. It operated both the city buses, and the Trondheim Tramway until 1988. The company was owned by the city council.
Bunnaloo is a village community in the central southern part of the Riverina and situated about west of Mathoura and south west of Deniliquin. In 2006, Bunnaloo had a population of 126.
William Leftwich Goggin (May 31, 1807 – January 3, 1870) was a nineteenth-century politician and lawyer from Virginia.
The Tulane School of Architecture or  is the school of architecture at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana. The school has a student body of approximately 300 students .
Sackville Street is a street in Manchester city centre, England.
Yochanan Vollach (, also Jochanan Wallach or Yohanan Wallach, born May 14, 1945) is an Israeli former footballer. He was a member of the Israeli national team that competed at the 1970 FIFA World Cup. He is a member of the Israeli Football Hall of Fame.
Friedrich-Wilhelm Bock (6 May 1897 – 11 March 1978) was a German Waffen-SS commander during World War II who led three SS divisions, the SS Division Hohenstaufen, 4th SS Polizei Division, Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (2nd Latvian). He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
The Brigham Young University Museum of Art, located in Provo, Utah, United States is the university's primary art museum and is one of the best attended university-campus art museums in the United States. The museum, which had been discussed for more than fifty years, opened in a space in October 1993 with a large exhibit on the Etruscans. The museum is an integral part of the BYU College of Fine Arts and Communications and provides opportunities for students across the college and the university's campus.
Peter van Eyck was a German-born film actor. He was born Götz von Eick on 16 July 1911 in Steinwehr, Pomerania, German Empire  and died 15 July 1969 in Männedorf near Zürich, Switzerland). 
The Valbona  is a river in northern Albania. It is still relatively untouched. Its source is in the Prokletije, near the border with Montenegro. 
N.N. Club or N.N. Kilburn—N.N. standing for "No Name" —was an amateur English football club based in the Kilburn district of London. 
The Biblioteca Nacional de Chile is the national library of Chile. It is located on the Avenida Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins in Santiago, in a building completed in 1925, though its history reaches to the early nineteenth century before it was relocated to its current home.
Joyce Arleen Auger (September 13, 1939 – June 10, 1993) was an American soprano, admired for her coloratura voice and interpretations of works by Bach, Handel, Haydn, Monteverdi, Gluck, and Mozart.
Al-Eizariya or al-Azariya  of Lazarus"), sometimes referred to by its medieval name of Bethany, is a town mostly in Area C of the West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, it is the second largest Palestinian city in the Jerusalem Governorate , with a population of 17,606 inhabitants.
The Chiese, also known in the Province of Brescia as the Clisi, is a Italian river that is the principal immisary and sole emissary of the sub-alpine lake Lago d’Idro, and is a left tributary of the Oglio. 
Woltersdorf is a municipality in the Oder-Spree district in Brandenburg. It is often referred to as "near Berlin"  or "near Erkner"  as there are a number of other places bearing the same name in Germany.
Remauville is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Peter von Biron (15 February 1724 – 13 January 1800) was the last Duke of Courland and Semigallia, from 1769 to 1795.
The Cliks are a Canadian rock band consisting of Lucas Silveira , with rotating members. The Cliks' major label debut album, "Snakehouse" was released on April 24, 2007 by Warner Music in Canada and by Tommy Boy Records in the United States.
Douains is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France, six kilometres from Vernon.
Taj Jami Gibson (born June 24, 1985) is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association . Gibson played three seasons of collegiate basketball for the USC Trojans and was selected 26th overall by the Chicago Bulls in the 2009 NBA draft. 
Quintus Lutatius Catulus ("c". 12061/60 BC), sometimes called "Capitolinus" for his defence of the capital in 77 BC, was a politician in the late Roman Republic. His father was the like-named Quintus Lutatius Catulus (149-87 BC), consul in 102 BC.
North Flying A/S is a Danish airline with its head office in the North Flying Terminal of Aalborg Airport in Nørresundby, Aalborg Municipality. It has operations from Aalborg airport. 
The Museum of Far Eastern Antiquities , located in Stockholm, Sweden, is a museum launched by Sweden's Parliament in 1926, with the Swedish archaeologist Johan Gunnar Andersson (1874–1960) as founding director. The museum is located on Skeppsholmen in the building Tyghuset and since 1999 the museum is a part of the public Swedish National Museums of World Culture.
Dodge City Community College (DC3, DCCC) is a public community college located in Dodge City, Kansas.
Washington State University Health Sciences Spokane  is a campus of Washington State University, a land-grant research university founded in Pullman, Washington in 1890. WSU Spokane is the designated health sciences campus for Washington State University and is located on 48 acres on the edge of downtown Spokane, Washington.
Clark Island is an island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S. state of Washington. It is located near Barnes Island off the northeast coast of Orcas Island. 
Ángelo Tomás Reyes (March 17, 1945 – February 8, 2011), better known as Angelo Reyes, was the Armed Forces of the Philippines  Chief of Staff from 2000 to 2001 under President Joseph Estrada. At the height of the 2001 EDSA Revolution, Reyes withdrew his support for Estrada which led to the installation of Vice President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo as president, under whom he then served as cabinet secretary until to 2010, including with the portfolios of National Defense and Energy.
Puebla del Maestre is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 831 and an area of 79 km².
Veer Bahadur Singh Purvanchal University, formerly Purvanchal University, is in Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh. It was established in 1987 as a residential-cum-affiliating university. 
Saint-Victoret is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France. It is located northwest of Marseille.
Petare Fútbol Club (until summer 2010 called Deportivo Italia Fútbol Club and known as Deportivo Petare Fútbol Club until summer 2015) is a Venezuelan football club based in Caracas. Formed in 1948 as "Deportivo Italia F.C.", the club after fifty years merged with "Deportivo Chacao F.C." in 1998, and was called Deportivo Italchacao for eight years. The club has won the Primera División Venezolana five times and the Copa de Venezuela three times.
Mosta Football Club is a Maltese football club from the town of Mosta. The team played four seasons in Malta's highest league 1974–75, 1987–88, 2002–03 and 2005–06. 
Charles Delano (June 24, 1820 – January 23, 1883) was a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts.
Gordon Newell Mott (October 21, 1812 – April 27, 1887) was the second and final delegate to the United States House of Representatives from Nevada Territory, serving from March 1863 until statehood.
John Gorham Palfrey (May 2, 1796 – April 26, 1881) was an American clergyman and historian who served as a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts. A Unitarian minister, he played a leading role in the early history of Harvard Divinity School, and he later became involved in politics as a State Representative and U.S. Congressman.
Kanfen  is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Katharina Friederike "Wilhelmine" Benigna, Princess of Courland, Duchess of Sagan (born 8 February 1781 in Mitau, Duchy of Courland and Semigallia; died 29 November 1839 in Vienna, Austrian Empire) was a German noble from the ruling family of Courland and Semigallia  and a sovereign Duchess of Sagan. Wilhelmine is mainly known for her relationship with Klemens Metternich, a statesman of the Austrian Empire.
Hans Henny Jahnn (17 December 1894, Stellingen – 29 November 1959, Hamburg) was a German playwright, novelist, and organ-builder.
VB Addu FC is a professional Maldivian football club based in Malé, Maldives. VB Addu FC is the former VB Sports club which was re-branded on 14 January 2012. 
Maurizio Nichetti (born 8 May 1948) is an Italian film screenwriter, actor and director. His 1989 film "The Icicle Thief" won the Golden St. George at the 16th Moscow International Film Festival. 
Raymond Peter Kogovsek (; August 19, 1941 – April 30, 2017) was an U.S. Representative from Colorado.
Zabdiel Sampson (August 22, 1781 – July 19, 1828) was a U.S. Representative from Massachusetts.
Clara Calamai (7 September 1909 – 21 September 1998) was an Italian actress.
James Isaac Dolliver (August 31, 1894 – December 10, 1978) served six terms as a Republican U.S. Representative from Iowa's 6th congressional district, beginning in 1944. He was the nephew of U.S. Senator Jonathan Prentiss Dolliver of Iowa.
Martin Barnaby Madden (March 21, 1855 – April 27, 1928) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois.
Cyrus Cline (July 12, 1856 – October 5, 1923) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana.
John Richard Walsh (May 22, 1913 – January 23, 1975) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana.
William Herod (March 31, 1801 – October 20, 1871) was a U.S. Representative from Indiana.
John Gelston Floyd (February 5, 1806 – October 5, 1881) was a U.S. Representative from New York, grandson of William Floyd.
Stetten is a municipality in the district of Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Dirlewang.
WDBW-LP (97.3 FM) is a non-commercial low-power FM radio station in Port St. Joe, Florida, broadcasting to the Panama City area. It is part of the Bible Broadcasting Network, along with Belleview-based WYFZ, Gainesville-based WYFB, Lakeland-based WYFO, and Tarpon Springs-based WYFE. 
Frickenhausen am Main is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. Frickenhausen is one of the oldest towns of Mainfranken with a beautiful centrum.
Heman Allen (February 23, 1779 – April 7, 1852) was an American lawyer, politician and ambassador from Colchester, Vermont. He served as a U.S. Representative and as America's first United States Minister Plenipotentiary to Chile.
Burgbrohl is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Kesseling is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
KNTN (102.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Thief River Falls, Minnesota, and serving the Grand Forks area. The station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio , and airs MPR's "News and Information" network, originating from KNOW in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
Finchley  is an area of northwest London, England, in the London Borough of Barnet. Finchley is on high ground, north of Charing Cross.
Hatch End is an area of north west London, situated within the London Borough of Harrow. It is located 12.2 miles north west of Charing Cross.
Kentish Town is an area of northwest London, England in the London Borough of Camden, immediately north of Camden Town.
Mottingham is a district of south east London, England, in the London boroughs of Bromley and Greenwich. It is located south of Eltham, southeast of Charing Cross.
Peckham  is a district of South London, England, within the London Borough of Southwark. south-east of Charing Cross. At the 2001 Census the Peckham ward had a population of 14,720.
Ruislip  is a town in West London, England, which is part of the London Borough of Hillingdon. Ruislip lies west-north-west of Charing Cross, London.
Stoke Newington is an area occupying the north-west part of the London Borough of Hackney in north-east London, England. It is north-east of Charing Cross. 
Wallington is a town in the London Borough of Sutton, England, south south-west of Charing Cross. Before the Municipal Borough of Beddington and Wallington merged into the London Borough of Sutton in Greater London in 1965, it was part of the county of Surrey. Wallington is a post town in the SM postcode area.
Winchmore Hill is an affluent suburban area in the Borough of Enfield, north London, in the N21 postal district.
Aleksey Mikhailovich  was the tsar of Russia from 1645 until his death in 1676. His reign saw wars with Poland and Sweden, schism in the Russian Orthodox Church, and the major Cossack revolt of Stenka Razin. 
Greenwich  is an area of South East London, England, located east-southeast of Charing Cross. It is located within the Royal Borough of Greenwich, to which it lends its name.
Saint Charles  is a city in, and the county seat of, St. Charles County, Missouri, United States. The population was 65,794 at the 2010 census, making St. Charles the ninth-largest city in Missouri. 
Edward "Kid" Ory (December 25, 1886 – January 23, 1973) was a Louisiana French-speaking jazz trombonist and bandleader. He was born in Woodland Plantation, near LaPlace, Louisiana.
Rathlin Island  is an island and civil parish off the coast of County Antrim  in Northern Ireland. It is Northern Ireland's northernmost point .
Charles Percy Snow, Baron Snow, CBE (15 October 1905 – 1 July 1980) was an English novelist and physical chemist who also served in several important positions in the British Civil Service and briefly in the UK government. He is best known for his series of novels known collectively as "Strangers and Brothers", and for "The Two Cultures", a 1959 lecture in which he laments the gulf between scientists and "literary intellectuals".
Syngman Rhee (, ; 26 March 1875 – 19 July 1965) was a South Korean politician who served as the first President of South Korea from 1948 to 1960.
Richmond is a city in east central Indiana, United States, bordering on Ohio. It is the county seat of Wayne County, and in the 2010 census had a population of 36,812. 
Theopompus (; c. 380 BC – c. 315 BC) was a Greek historian and rhetorician.
Hadleigh  is an ancient market town and civil parish in South Suffolk, East Anglia, situated, next to the River Brett, between the larger towns of Sudbury and Ipswich. It had a population of 8,253 at the 2011 census. The headquarters of Babergh District Council were located in the town until 2017.
Prattville is a city in Autauga and Elmore counties in the State of Alabama. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city is 33,960. Nicknamed "The Fountain City" due to the many artesian wells in the area, Prattville is part of the Montgomery metropolitan statistical area and serves as the county seat of Autauga County.
Sargon II (Assyrian ; Aramaic ; reigned 722–705 BC) was an Assyrian king.
Bonnie Lynn Raitt (born November 8, 1949) is an American blues singer, guitarist, songwriter, and activist.
The Bureau international des expositions   is an intergovernmental organization created to supervise international exhibitions  falling under the jurisdiction of the "Convention Relating to International Exhibitions".
Clayton is a town in and the county seat of Barbour County, Alabama, United States. The population was 3,008 at the 2010 census, up from 1,475 in 2000.
The Blues Brothers are an American blues and soul revivalist band founded in 1978 by comedy actors Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi as part of a musical sketch on "Saturday Night Live". Belushi and Aykroyd fronted the band, in character, respectively, as lead vocalist 'Joliet' Jake Blues and harmonica player/vocalist Elwood Blues. 
Georgiana is a town in Butler County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the town was 1,738.
Khan Yunis  is a city in the southern Gaza Strip. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, Khan Yunis had a population of 142,637 in 2007 and 202,000 in 2010 and 350,000 in 2012. 
Vicenza  is a city in northeastern Italy. It is in the Veneto region at the northern base of the "Monte Berico", where it straddles the Bacchiglione River. Vicenza is approximately west of Venice and east of Milan.
Roosendaal is both a city and a municipality in the southern Netherlands, in the province of North Brabant. 
James Patrick Page (born 9 January 1944) is an English musician, songwriter, and record producer who achieved international success as the guitarist and founder of the rock band Led Zeppelin.
Huey Pierce Long Jr. (August 30, 1893 – September 10, 1935), nicknamed "The Kingfish", was an American politician who served as the 40th governor of Louisiana from 1928 to 1932 and was a member of the United States Senate from 1932 until his assassination in 1935. As the political leader of Louisiana, he commanded wide networks of supporters and was willing to take forceful action. 
Adam Richard Sandler (born September 9, 1966) is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter, film producer, and musician. After becoming a "Saturday Night Live" cast member, Sandler went on to star in many Hollywood feature films that combined have grossed over $2 billion at the box office.
The River Bure is a river in the county of Norfolk, England, most of it in the Broads. The Bure rises near Melton Constable, upstream of Aylsham, which was the original head of navigation. 
Delft University of Technology  also known as TU Delft, is the largest and oldest Dutch public technological university, located in Delft, Netherlands. It was ranked in the top 20 of best universities for engineering and technology worldwide and was the highest ranked university in the Netherlands in 2019.
Hobson City is a town in Calhoun County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 771. It is included in the Anniston-Oxford Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Maxim Lvovich Kontsevich (;; born 25 August 1964) is a Russian and French mathematician. He is a professor at the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques and a distinguished professor at the University of Miami. He received the Henri Poincaré Prize in 1997, the Fields Medal in 1998, the Crafoord Prize in 2008, the Shaw Prize and Fundamental Physics Prize in 2012, and the Breakthrough Prize in Mathematics in 2014.
Coffeeville is a town in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 352.
Littleville is a town in Colbert County, Alabama, United States. It is part of the Florence - Muscle Shoals Metropolitan Statistical Area known as "The Shoals". As of the 2010 census, the population of the town was 1,011.
Red Level is a town in Covington County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 487.
Grimes is a town in Dale County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 558, up from 459 in 2000. It is part of the Enterprise–Ozark Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Ider is a town in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census, the population was 723. It incorporated in October 1973.
Fayette is a city in Fayette County, Alabama, United States. The population was 4,619 at the 2010 census, down from 4,922 at the 2000 census. The city is the county seat of Fayette County.
Pleasant Groves is a town in Jackson County, Alabama, United States. It incorporated on February 17, 1993. As of the 2010 census, the population of the town was 420, down from 447 in 2000.
Graysville is a city in northwestern Jefferson County, Alabama, United States, located north of Adamsville. At the 2010 census the population was 2,165.
Sumiton is a city in Jefferson and Walker counties in the State of Alabama. It incorporated in 1952. 
Athens is a city in Limestone County, in the State of Alabama. As of the 2010 census, the population of the city is 21,897. The city is the county seat of Limestone County and is included in the Huntsville-Decatur Combined Statistical Area.
Linden is a city in and the county seat of Marengo County, Alabama, United States. The population was 2,123 at the 2010 census.
Prichard is a city in Mobile County, Alabama, United States.
Rochefort  is a commune in southwestern France, a port on the Charente estuary. It is a sub-prefecture of the Charente-Maritime department.
Brundidge is the second-largest city in Pike County, Alabama, United States. The population was 2,076 at the 2010 census, down from 2,341 in 2000.
Sylacauga is a city in Talladega County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 12,749.
Sipsey is a town in Walker County, Alabama, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 437, down from 552.
Chefornak  is a city in Bethel Census Area, Alaska, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 418, up from 394 in 2000.
Nunapitchuk  is a city in Bethel Census Area, Alaska, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 496, up from 466 in 2000.
Togiak  is a city in Dillingham Census Area, Alaska, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 817, up from 809 in 2000.
Seward  is an incorporated home rule city in Alaska, United States. Located on Resurrection Bay, a fjord of the Gulf of Alaska on the Kenai Peninsula, Seward is situated on Alaska's southern coast, approximately 120 miles by road from Alaska's largest city, Anchorage, and nearly 1,300 miles from the closest point in the contiguous United States at Cape Flattery, Washington.
Nondalton  is a city on the west shore of Six Mile Lake in the Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska, United States. At the 2010 census, the population was 164, down from 221 in 2000.
St. Michael  is a city in Nome Census Area, Alaska. The population was 401 at the 2010 census, up from 368 in 2000.
Deering  is a city in the Northwest Arctic Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located on a sandy spit on the Seward Peninsula where the Inmachuk River flows into Kotzebue Sound, southwest of Kotzebue.
Kasaan  is a city in the Prince of Wales-Hyder Census Area in the U.S. state of Alaska. The population was 49 at the 2010 census, up from 39 in 2000. 
Hooper Bay  is a city in Kusilvak Census Area, Alaska, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 1,093, up from 1,014 in 2000.
Bettles  is a city in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska, United States. It is home to Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve. The population was 12 at the 2010 census.
Nulato  in Koyukon) is a city in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska, United States. At the 2000 census the population was 336.
Eagar is a town in Apache County, Arizona, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the town was 4,885.
Emery Worldwide was a cargo airline, once one of the leading carriers in the cargo airline world. Its headquarters were located in Redwood City, California.
Funkadelic was an American band that was most prominent during the 1970s. The band and its sister act Parliament, both led by George Clinton, pioneered the funk music culture of that decade. 
Rough Rock  is a census-designated place  in Apache County, Arizona, United States. The population was 414 at the 2010 census.
Hayden is a town in Gila County in the State of Arizona; Hayden's current mayor is Bob Smith. According to the 2010 census, the population of the town is 662. 
Apache Junction is a city in Maricopa and Pinal counties in the state of Arizona. According to the 2018 U.S. Census estimates, the population of the city was 41,739, most of whom lived in Pinal County.
Queen Creek is a town in Maricopa and Pinal counties in the state of Arizona. The population was 26,361 at the 2010 census. 
Marana is a town in Pima County, Arizona, located northwest of Tucson, with a small portion in Pinal County. According to the 2010 census, the population of the town is 34,961. 
Chino Valley is a town in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. According to the 2010 census, the population of the town is 10,817.
Fountain Hill is a town in Ashley County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 175 at the 2010 census.
Centerton is a city in Benton County, Arkansas, United States. Located west of Bentonville on Highway 102, Centerton has grown from a railroad stop and fruit orchard community in the early 20th century into a suburban bedroom community within the rapidly growing Northwest Arkansas  region. 
Warren is a city in and the county seat of Bradley County, Arkansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 6,003.
Rector is a city in Clay County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,977 at the 2010 census.
Brookland is a city in Craighead County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,642 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Jonesboro, Arkansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
West Memphis is the largest city in Crittenden County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 26,245 at the 2010 census, ranking it as the state's 18th largest city, behind Bella Vista. It is part of the Memphis metropolitan area, and is located directly across the Mississippi River from Memphis, Tennessee.
Mayflower is a city in Faulkner County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 2,234 at the 2010 census, up from 1,631 at the 2000 census.
Paragould is the county seat of Greene County, and the 19th-largest city in Arkansas, in the United States. The city is located in northeastern Arkansas on the eastern edge of Crowley's Ridge, a geologic anomaly contained within the Arkansas delta.
Pine Bluff is the tenth-largest city in the state of Arkansas and the county seat of Jefferson County. It is the principal city of the Pine Bluff Metropolitan Statistical Area and part of the Little Rock-North Little Rock-Pine Bluff Combined Statistical Area. 
Paris is a city in Logan County, Arkansas, United States, and serves as the county seat for the northern district of Logan County; its southern district counterpart is Booneville. The population was 3,532 at the 2010 United States Census.
Gosnell is a city in Mississippi County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 3,548 at the 2010 census.
Helena is the eastern portion of Helena-West Helena, Arkansas, a city in Phillips County, Arkansas. As of the 2000 census, this portion of the city population was 6,323. 
London is a city in Pope County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 925 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Russellville Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Pocahontas is a city in Randolph County, Arkansas, United States, along the Black River. According to 2006 Census Bureau estimates, the population of the city was 6,765. The city is the county seat of Randolph County.
Hughes is a city in St. Francis County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 1,441 at the 2010 census, a decline from 1,867 in 2000.
Winslow  is a city in Washington County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 391 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Fayetteville-Springdale-Rogers Metropolitan Area.
San Leandro is a large suburban town in Alameda County, California, United States. It is located on the eastern shore of San Francisco Bay, between Oakland to the northwest and Hayward to the southeast.
Castel di Casio  is a "comune"  of the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, about southwest of Bologna.
Malalbergo  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about northeast of Bologna. 
Zola Predosa  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about west of Bologna.
Casola Valsenio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Ravenna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southeast of Bologna and about southwest of Ravenna.
Gambettola  is a "comune"  in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southeast of Bologna and about southeast of Forlì. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 10,478 and an area of .
Sogliano al Rubicone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southeast of Bologna and about southeast of Forlì.
Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers were a Jamaican reggae family group whose line-up consisted of the children of musicians, Bob Marley and Rita Marley, which includes lead singer Ziggy Marley with Sharon Marley, Cedella Marley, and Stephen Marley. Formed in 1979 in Brooklyn, New York, Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers members began their musical endeavors in their pre-teens under the name The Melody Makers.
Angelo Carosi (born 20 January 1964 in Priverno) is an Italian long-distance runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase. In his later career he also took up half marathon and marathon.
Tatyana Mikhailovna Ledovskaya (, ; born 21 May 1966 in Shchyokino, Tula Oblast) is a retired athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres hurdles. She represented the Soviet Union and later, Belarus, training in Minsk.
Anke Behmer ( Vater, 5 June 1961 in Stavenhagen, Bezirk Neubrandenburg) is a former East German athlete who competed mainly in the heptathlon.
Casteldelci  is a "comune"  in the Province of Rimini in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southeast of Bologna and about south of Rimini.
Mombaroccio is a "comune"  in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino in the Italian region Marche, located about northwest of Ancona and about southwest of Pesaro.
Monte Porzio is a "comune"  in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino in the Italian region Marche, located about west of Ancona and about southeast of Pesaro.
San Leo  is a "comune"  in the Province of Rimini in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about southeast of Bologna and about southwest of Rimini.
FC Stal Kamianske  was a professional Ukrainian football club located in Kamianske, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, Ukraine. After being relegated to the Ukrainian First League after the 2017–18 Ukrainian Premier League season the club re-registered to Bucha and changed its name to PFC Feniks Bucha in June 2018. The club didn't play any game under the new name and was dissolved on 9 July 2018.
Filottrano is a "comune"  in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region Marche, located about southwest of Ancona. 
Polverigi is a "comune"  in the Province of Ancona in the Italian region Marche, located about southwest of Ancona.
Bolognola is a "comune"  in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about southwest of Ancona and about southwest of Macerata. 
Gualdo is a "comune"  in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about southwest of Ancona and about southwest of Macerata. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 924 and an area of .
Morrovalle is a "comune"  in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about south of Ancona and about east of Macerata. 
San Ginesio is a "comune"  in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche, located about southwest of Ancona and about southwest of Macerata. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,872 and an area of .
Montalto delle Marche is a "comune"  and former Latin catholic bishopric in the Province of Ascoli Piceno in the Italian region Le Marche, located about south of Ancona and about north of Ascoli Piceno.
Charles Terrance Canady (born June 22, 1954) is an attorney and judge from Florida. He has served on the Supreme Court of Florida since 2008, and has been its chief justice since July 1, 2018. 
Montecarlo is a "comune"  in the Province of Lucca in the Italian region Tuscany, located about west of Florence and about east of Lucca. 
Montale is a "comune"  in the Province of Pistoia in the Italian region Tuscany, located about northwest of Florence and about east of Pistoia. 
Gambassi Terme is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southwest of Florence. 
Reggello is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany, located about southeast of Florence.
Capoliveri is a "comune"  on the island of Elba in Italy. Administratively it is part of the Province of Livorno in the Tuscany region, located about southwest of Florence and about south of Livorno. The name appeared for the first time in a document of The republic of Genoa.
Calcinaia  is a "comune"  and town in the province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany, located about west of Florence and about east of Pisa.
Ponsacco is a "comune"  in the Province of Pisa in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southwest of Florence and about southeast of Pisa. 
Valentina Mikhailovna Yegorova (, born 16 February 1964) is a long-distance runner from Russia. She was born in Cheboksary. Her first medal in the marathon came at the 1990 European Athletics Championships, where she was the silver medallist.
Hugo Ernst Mario Schuchardt (4 February 1842, Gotha (Thuringia) – 21 April 1927, Graz ) was an eminent German linguist, best known for his work in the Romance languages, the Basque language, and in mixed languages, including pidgins, creoles, and the Lingua franca of the Mediterranean.
WRTH is a classic hits radio station broadcasting as "103-3/95-9 Earth FM WRTH" and located in Greenville/Spartanburg, South Carolina. The station is licensed by the Federal Communications Commission  to the town of Greer and broadcasts on 103.3 FM with an effective radiated power  of 2,700 watts.
Marciano della Chiana is a "comune"  in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southeast of Florence and about southwest of Arezzo.
Castellina in Chianti is a "comune"  of c. 2,800 inhabitants in the province of Siena, in the Italian region Tuscany, located about south of Florence and about northwest of Siena. It is part of the Chianti Hills, between the valleys of the Arbia, Pesa and Elsa rivers.
Rapolano Terme is a "comune"  in the Province of Siena in the Italian region Tuscany, located about southeast of Florence and about east of Siena in the area known as the Crete Senesi.
Castel Ritaldi is a "comune"  in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 40 km southeast of Perugia.
Marsciano is a "comune"  in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 25 km south of Perugia. 
Preci is a "comune"  in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 60 km southeast of Perugia.
Vallo di Nera is a "comune"  in the Province of Perugia in the Italian region Umbria, located about 60 km southeast of Perugia.
Penna in Teverina is a "comune"  in the Province of Terni in the Italian region Umbria, located about 70 km south of Perugia and about 25 km southwest of Terni.
KROQ (1500 AM) was a radio station licensed to Burbank, California, serving the Los Angeles metropolitan area.
Cellere is a "comune"  in the Province of Viterbo in the Italian region Latium, located about northwest of Rome and about northwest of Viterbo.
Montalto di Castro is a "comune"  in the Province of Viterbo in the Italian region Lazio, located about northwest of Rome and about west of Viterbo.
Vasanello is a "comune"  in the Province of Viterbo in the Italian region Lazio, located about north of GRA  and about east of Viterbo.
Cittaducale  is a "comune"  in the Province of Rieti in the Italian region Lazio, located about northeast of Rome and about southeast of Rieti. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,799 and an area of . 
Pescorocchiano  is a "comune"  in the Province of Rieti in the Italian region Latium, located about northeast of Rome and about southeast of Rieti.
Anguillara Sabazia is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome, Lazio, central Italy, around northwest of Rome. It nestles on a small cape on the coast of Lake Bracciano; its medieval center and its beach make it a popular destination for tourists.
Castel Madama is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Lazio, located about east of Rome.
Filacciano is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Latium, located about north of Rome.
Manziana is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Latium, located about northwest of Rome.
Moricone is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Latium, located about northeast of Rome.
Riofreddo is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Latium, located about northeast of Rome.
San Gregorio da Sassola is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Latium, located about east of Rome.
Lariano is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome on the Alban Hills.
Amaseno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome and about south of Frosinone, located in the Monti Lepini mountain area. Its inhabitants are primarily farmers.
The Presque Isle River runs through the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and empties into Lake Superior. Along its course, it flows through the Ottawa National Forest and Porcupine Mountains Wilderness State Park. It has of drainage area in Upper Michigan and northern Wisconsin.
Tokyo Police Club is an indie rock band from Newmarket, Ontario, Canada. It consists of vocalist and bassist David Monks (born January 21, 1987), keyboardist Graham Wright (born February 16, 1987), guitarist Josh Hook (born May 11, 1987), and drummer Greg Alsop (born March 20, 1985). 
The One AM Radio is a band consisting of Hrishikesh Hirway, a composer and songwriter from Los Angeles. The One AM Radio's sound is often characterized by Hirway's lush vocals over dream-like instrumental arrangements. 
Christoph Langen (born 27 March 1962, in Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German bobsledder who competed for the West German and German national team from 1985 to 2005 (as a pilot from 1991). Competing in four Winter Olympics, he won four medals with two golds (Two-man: 2002, Four-man: 1998) and two bronzes (Two-man: 1992, 1998).
Sansan is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.
Colle San Magno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome and about southeast of Frosinone.
Monte San Giovanni Campano is a "comune"  of about 12,800 inhabitants in the province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome and about east of Frosinone. Monte San Giovanni Campano is in the Latin Valley
Posta Fibreno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about east of Rome and about east of Frosinone. 
Strangolagalli is a "comune"  in the province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome and about southeast of Frosinone. It is located on the slopes of Ernici Mountains, towards the Liri River. 
Villa Latina is a "comune"  in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio, located about southeast of Rome and about east of Frosinone.
Baia e Latina is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about northwest of Caserta. 
Casagiove is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about west of Caserta.
Ciorlano is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about northwest of Caserta. 
Gioia Sannitica is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about northeast of Naples and about northeast of Caserta.
Pastorano is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about northwest of Caserta. Pastorano borders the following municipalities: Camigliano, Giano Vetusto, Pignataro Maggiore, Vitulazio.
Pratella is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about northwest of Caserta.
San Gregorio Matese  is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples and about north of Caserta. 
Dyer Island is an island in Narragansett Bay in Rhode Island, United States. It lies off the west coast of Aquidneck Island and is part of Melville CDP, which itself is part of the town of Portsmouth. 
Villa Literno is a "comune"  in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania, located about northwest of Naples and about west of Caserta. 
Baselice  is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 90 km northeast of Naples and about 35 km northeast of Benevento. 
Castelvetere in Val Fortore is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 90 km northeast of Naples and about 35 km northeast of Benevento in the upper valley of the Fortore River .
Faicchio is a small village in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 50 km northeast of Naples and about 30 km northwest of Benevento.
Montefalcone di Val Fortore is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 80 km northeast of Naples and about 30 km northeast of Benevento. 
San Giorgio La Molara is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 70 km northeast of Naples and about 20 km northeast of Benevento. 
Sassinoro is a "comune"  in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania, located about 70 km northeast of Naples and about 30 km northwest of Benevento. 
Carbonara di Nola is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania, located about 30 km east of Naples. 
Cimitile is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania, located about 25 km northeast of Naples. As of 31 December 2017, it had a population of 7 172 and an area of 2.74 km². 
Melito di Napoli  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania, located about north of Naples. 
Quarto is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania, located about 11 km northwest of Naples. 
Tufino is a town and "comune"  of c. 3,400 inhabitants in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Italian region Campania, located about 30 km northeast of Naples.
KRCN (1060 kHz) is an AM radio station broadcasting a Catholic radio format. Licensed to Longmont, Colorado, the station is owned and operated by Catholic Radio Network, Inc., which has a network of stations in Missouri, Kansas and Colorado. In Colorado, the Catholic Radio Network also operates KFEL 970 AM in Colorado Springs and KCRN 1120 AM in Limon.
Enniskillen/St Angelo Airport is located north of Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. Enniskillen/St Angelo Aerodrome has a CAA Ordinary Licence (Number P875) that allows flights for the public transport of passengers or for flying instruction as authorised by the licensee .
Sociedade Esportiva Matsubara , usually known simply as Matsubara, is a Brazilian football  club based in Cambará, in the state of Paraná.
Ryan Sweeting (born July 14, 1987) is a former professional tennis player.
Barcin  is a town in Poland, in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in Żnin County. It has 7,714 inhabitants (2014).
Fossalto is a "comune"  in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise, located about northwest of Campobasso. 
Montecilfone  is an Arbëreshë "comune" in the Province of Campobasso, in the Italian region of Molise, located about northeast of Campobasso. 
Portocannone  is an Arbëreshë "comune" in the Province of Campobasso, in the Italian region Molise, located about northeast of Campobasso.
San Giovanni in Galdo is a "comune"  in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region of Molise, located about east of Campobasso.
Trivento is a "comune"  and Catholic episcopal see in the Province of Campobasso in the southern Italian region Molise, located about northwest of Campobasso. 
Zaozyorny  is a town and the administrative center of Rybinsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located on the Barga River , the affluent of the Kan, east of Krasnoyarsk on the 4,263rd km of the Trans-Siberian Railway . Population: 
Antonimina is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about northeast of Reggio Calabria.
Bruzzano Zeffirio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about southeast of Reggio Calabria.
Caulonia  is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about northeast of Reggio Calabria in the Stilaro Valley. Originally it was known as Castelvetere, but in 1862 the citizens decided to change the name of the town to that of the ancient city Caulonia. 
Giffone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about northeast of Reggio Calabria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,154 and an area of .
Montebello Ionico is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about southeast of Reggio Calabria.
Roghudi  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about southeast of Reggio Calabria.
Serrata is a "comune"  in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about southwest of Catanzaro and about 60 km northeast of Reggio Calabria. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 922 and an area of .
Aliminusa is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo.
David McPherson (born 28 January 1964, in Paisley) is a Scottish former international footballer who played as a defender, best known for his spells with Rangers and Heart of Midlothian, spending two periods with each club.
Vitaly Aleksandrovich Petrov (, born 8 September 1984) is a Russian racing driver who drove in Formula One for Renault F1 Team in 2010, Lotus Renault GP in 2011 and Caterham F1 Team in 2012. Born in Vyborg, he is known as the "Vyborg Rocket"  in Russia. 
Mandalgovi  is the capital of the Dundgovi Province of Mongolia, about 300 km south of Ulaanbaatar on the border of the Gobi Desert. It has 10,506 inhabitants (2005), 10,299 (2007). 
Castillejo de Iniesta is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It just west of Graja de Iniesta.
Gryazovets  is a town and the administrative center of Gryazovetsky District in Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on the Rzhavka River, south of Vologda, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Don Torcuato is a town in the Tigre Partido of the urban agglomeration of Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is named after Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear, ex-President of Argentina, as he had his ranch and residency there. Most of the streets are named after his immediate family and his governmental staff.
In Cahoots was a Canterbury scene band led by guitarist Phil Miller, their main composer.
WDYZ (990 AM) is a radio station located in Orlando, Florida. Is owned by the Salem Media Group.
CFTE (1410 AM) is a radio station located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. On 1410 AM, it is owned by Bell Media and currently carries a business news format as "BNN Bloomberg Radio 1410", which primarily simulcasts programming from the television channel BNN Bloomberg, as well as programs from the U.S. Bloomberg Radio network.
Yelena Ivanovna Ruzina  (born 3 April 1964 in Voronezh) is a retired athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres. She represented the Soviet Union and later, Russia.
Philip Norton, Baron Norton of Louth, (born 5 March 1951), is an English author, academic and Conservative peer. He has been described as "the United Kingdom's greatest living expert on Parliament" and "a world authority on constitutional issues".
Angela Buxton (born 16 August 1934) is an English former tennis player. She won the women's doubles title at both the French Championships and Wimbledon in 1956 with her playing partner, Althea Gibson.
IRIB World Service, "irib" is the official international broadcasting radio network of Iran.
Castellana Sicula  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo. 
Graja de Iniesta is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 371.
Pollina  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 3,102 and an area of . 
Trappeto  is an Italian municipality of 3,123 inhabitants in the Metropolitan City of Palermo, located in the north-west part of Sicily. It is part of the metropolitan area of Palermo.
Brolo  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about west of Messina.
Floresta  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about southwest of Messina. 
Mariana is a municipality located in the province of Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2006 census , the municipality has a population of 334 inhabitants.
Mandanici  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about southwest of Messina. 
Nizza di Sicilia is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about southwest of Messina. 
Roccalumera is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about southwest of Messina. 
Santa Lucia del Mela  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about west of Messina. It is one of the largest comunes in the province of Messina.
Tortorici  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about west of Messina.
Calamonaci is a "comune"  in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about south of Palermo and about northwest of Agrigento.
Grotte  is a "comune"  in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo and about northeast of Agrigento.
Realmonte  is a "comune"  in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about south of Palermo and about west of Agrigento.
Montedoro  is a "comune"  in the Province of Caltanissetta in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo and about west of Caltanissetta. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,751 and an area of .
Mascali  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about northeast of Catania.
Piedimonte Etneo  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about east of Palermo and about northeast of Catania. 
Scordia  is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Catania in the Italian region Sicily, located about southeast of Palermo and about southwest of Catania. 
Idanell "Nellie" Brill Connally (February 24, 1919 – September 1, 2006) was the First Lady of Texas from 1963 to 1969. She was the wife of John Connally, who served as Governor of Texas and later as Secretary of the Treasury.
Couto Misto  was an independent microstate on the border between Spain and Portugal. It was composed of the villages of Santiago de Rubiás, Rubiás , and Meaus , all in the Salas Valley, Ourense, Galicia. The territory of the Couto Misto also included a small uninhabited strip now part of the Portuguese municipality of Montalegre.
Links Park is a football stadium in Montrose, Scotland. It has been the home ground of Montrose F.C. since 1887.
Bessude  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about southeast of Sassari. 
Cheremule  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about southeast of Sassari. 
Laerru  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about northeast of Sassari. 
Ossi is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about southeast of Sassari in the Logudoro.
Sennori  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about northeast of Sassari. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 7,298 and an area of .
Anicius Faustus Albinus Basilius was a high official of the Eastern Roman Empire and the last ordinary consul of Roman history, holding the office in 541.
Birori  is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about west of Nuoro. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 586 and an area of .
Escolca, Iscroca in sardinian language, is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 652 and an area of .
Laconi, Làconi in Sardinian language, is a "comune"  in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about east of Oristano.
Adam Richard Legzdins (born 28 November 1986) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Burnley.
Ortueri is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about southwest of Nuoro. 
Silanus  is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about west of Nuoro. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,346 and an area of .
Ulassai  is a "comune"  in the Province of Nuoro in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northeast of Cagliari and about southwest of Tortolì. 
Barumini  is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region of Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about northeast of Sanluri.
Genuri is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about north of Sanluri. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 374 and an area of .
Muravera  is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, about northeast of Cagliari in the Sarrabus.
Portoscuso  is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about west of Cagliari and about northwest of Carbonia. The languages used here are Italian and Sardinian Campidanese.
Santadi is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about southwest of Cagliari and about southeast of Carbonia. 
Siliqua  is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the island of Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,077 and an area of .
Vallermosa, Biddaramosa in sardinian language, is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,995 and an area of .
Masainas is a "comune"  in the Province of South Sardinia in the Italian region Sardinia, located about southwest of Cagliari and about southeast of Carbonia. It is part of the Sulcis traditional region.
Caneva is a "comune"  in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about west of Pordenone. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 6,374 and an area of .
Erto e Casso  is an Italian municipality in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northwest of Pordenone.
Prata di Pordenone  is a "comune"  in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about southwest of Pordenone. 
Travesio  is a "comune"  in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about northwest of Trieste and about northeast of Pordenone. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,816 and an area of .
Allai  is a "comune"  in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about east of Oristano.
Neoneli  is a "comune"  in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about northeast of Oristano.
San Vero Milis  is a "comune"  in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about northwest of Cagliari and about north of Oristano. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 2,506 and an area of .
Ula Tirso is a "comune"  in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about northeast of Oristano. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 616 and an area of .
Donato is a "comune"  in the Province of Biella in the Italian region Piedmont, located about north of Turin and about west of Biella. 
The Liberal Party of Switzerland  was a party with economically liberal policies. It was known as a party of the upper class. 
Donald Woods Winnicott (7 April 1896 – 25 January 1971) was an English paediatrician and psychoanalyst who was especially influential in the field of object relations theory and developmental psychology. He was a leading member of the British Independent Group of the British Psychoanalytical Society, President of the British Psychoanalytical Society twice (1956–1959 and 1965–1968), and a close associate of Marion Milner. 
The  Sporades  are an archipelago along the east coast of Greece, northeast of the island of Euboea, in the Aegean Sea. They consist of 24 islands, four of which are permanently inhabited: Alonnisos, Skiathos, Skopelos and Skyros. 
Karl Rahner (5 March 1904 – 30 March 1984) was a German Jesuit priest and theologian who, alongside Henri de Lubac, Hans Urs von Balthasar, and Yves Congar, is considered to be one of the most influential Roman Catholic theologians of the 20th century. He was the brother of Hugo Rahner, also a Jesuit scholar.
Columbia Metropolitan Airport is the main commercial airport for Columbia and the Midlands region of South Carolina. The airport is five miles (8 km) southwest of Columbia, in Lexington County. The airport is a regional cargo hub for UPS Airlines.
Olene Walker (née Smith; November 15, 1930 – November 28, 2015) was an American politician and Utah's 15th Governor. She was sworn into office on November 5, 2003, shortly before her 73rd birthday, as Utah's first female governor. She was a member of the Republican Party.
Saint Florian (; 250 – 304 AD) was a Christian holy man, and the patron saint of Linz, Austria; chimney sweeps; soapmakers, and firefighters. His feast day is 4 May. St. Florian is also the patron of Upper Austria, jointly with Saint Leopold.
Carl Hellmuth Hertz (also written Carl Helmut Hertz, October 15, 1920 – April 29, 1990) was a German physicist known primarily for being involved in the development of inkjet technology and ultrasound technology. He was the son of Gustav Ludwig Hertz and great nephew of Heinrich Hertz.
Gilbert de Clare, 4th Earl of Hertford, 5th Earl of Gloucester, 1st Lord of Glamorgan, 7th Lord of Clare (1180 – 25 October 1230) was the son of Richard de Clare, 3rd Earl of Hertford (c. 1153–1217), from whom he inherited the Clare estates. He also inherited from his mother, Amice Fitz William, the estates of Gloucester and the honour of St. Hilary, and from Rohese, an ancestor, the moiety of the Giffard estates. 
The Hudson Institute is a politically conservative, 501(3) non-profit American think tank based in Washington, D.C. It was founded in 1961 in Croton-on-Hudson, New York, by futurist, military strategist, and systems theorist Herman Kahn and his colleagues at the RAND Corporation.
Kirkby Lonsdale  is a small town and civil parish in the South Lakeland district of Cumbria, England, on the River Lune. Historically in Westmorland, it is situated south east of Kendal along the A65. The parish had a population of 1,771, recorded in the 2001 census, increasing to 1,843 at the 2011 Census .
Leszek II the Black (c. 1241 – 30 September 1288), was a Polish prince of the House of Piast, Duke of Sieradz since 1261, Duke of Łęczyca since 1267, Duke of Inowrocław during 1273-1278, Duke of Sandomierz and High Duke of Poland since 1279.
Charles Ernest Grassley (born September 17, 1933) is an American politician serving as the President pro tempore of the United States Senate, and the senior United States Senator from Iowa. He is currently in his seventh term in the Senate, first being elected in 1980. 
William Richard Morris, 1st Viscount Nuffield, (10 October 1877 – 22 August 1963) was an English motor manufacturer and philanthropist. He was the founder of Morris Motors Limited and is remembered as the founder of the Nuffield Foundation, the Nuffield Trust and Nuffield College, Oxford. He took his title from the village of Nuffield in Oxfordshire, where he lived.
Zeuxis   was a painter who flourished during the 5th century BC.
Henry I (December 1127 – March 16, 1181), known as the Liberal, was count of Champagne from 1152 to 1181. He was the eldest son of Count Thibaut II of Champagne  and his wife, Matilda of Carinthia.
The Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum is an art museum in Boston, Massachusetts, which houses significant examples of European, Asian, and American art. Its collection includes paintings, sculpture, tapestries, and decorative arts. 
William Raymond Manchester (April 1, 1922 – June 1, 2004) was an American author, biographer, and historian. He was the author of 18 books which have been translated into over 20 languages. He was awarded the National Humanities Medal and the Abraham Lincoln Literary Award.
The Bangladesh Air Force , is the aerial warfare branch of the Bangladesh Armed Forces, primarily tasked with the air defence of Bangladesh territory and providing air support to the Bangladesh Army and Navy. Additionally, the service has a territorial role of providing strategic air transport and logistics capability for the country.
Charles Herbert Lightoller, , RNR (30 March 1874 – 8 December 1952) was the second officer on board the and a decorated Royal Navy officer. He was the most senior member of the crew to survive the "Titanic" disaster.
Nakhon Si Thammarat Kingdom   was one of the major constituent city states  of the Siamese kingdoms of Sukhothai and later Ayutthaya and controlled a sizeable part of the Malay peninsula. Its capital was the eponymous city of Nakhon Si Thammarat in what is now Southern Thailand.
Duaringa is a town in the Central Highlands Region and a locality split between the Central Highlands Region and the Aboriginal Shire of Woorabinda in Central Queensland, Australia. In the , Duaringa had a population of 278 people.
Oleh Valeriyovych Protasov (, born 4 February 1964, in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian former footballer who played as a striker. He was a key member of the Soviet Union national team throughout the 1980s; his 29 goals for the Soviet Union are second in the team's history, behind Oleh Blokhin's 42. 
Loening Aeronautical Engineering Corporation was founded 1917 by Grover Loening and produced early aircraft and amphibious aircraft from 1917. When it merged with Keystone Aircraft Corporation in 1928, some of its engineers left to form Grumman. 
Sosoliso Airlines Limited was a scheduled, domestic, passenger airline. For much of its existence it had its head office in Ikeja, Lagos State. Originally its head office was on the grounds of Enugu Airport in Enugu.
Balhannah is a town in the Adelaide Hills about 30 km southeast of Adelaide, the capital of South Australia. It was established in 1839 as a farming community by James Turnbull Thomson, who built the first hotel. 
Antelope Island, with an area of , is the largest of 10 islands located within the Great Salt Lake, Utah, United States. The island lies in the southeastern portion of the lake, near Salt Lake City and Davis County, and becomes a peninsula when the lake is at extremely low levels.
The Hayes River is a river in Northern Region, Manitoba, Canada that flows from Molson Lake to Hudson Bay at York Factory. It was an historically important river in the development of Canada, and is today a Canadian Heritage River and the longest naturally flowing river in Manitoba.
John August is an American screenwriter, director, producer, and novelist. He is known for writing the films "Go" (1999), "Charlie's Angels" (2000), "" (2003), "Big Fish" (2003), "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" (2005) and "Frankenweenie" (2012), the Disney live-action adaptation of "Aladdin" (2019) and the novel "Arlo Finch in the Valley of Fire" (2018).
Andrew David Morton (born 1953; Dewsbury, West Riding of Yorkshire, England) is an English journalist and writer who has published biographies of royal figures such as Diana, Princess of Wales, and celebrity subjects including Tom Cruise, Madonna, Angelina Jolie and Monica Lewinsky; several of his books have been unauthorised and contain contested assertions.
Alonzo Bodden (; born June 13, 1962) is an American comedian and actor known for winning the grand prize in the third season of the reality-television series "Last Comic Standing". He had been the runner-up in the previous season.
Paul Alexander Casey (born 21 July 1977) is an English golfer who is a member of the US-based PGA Tour. In 2009 he achieved his highest position, third, in the Official World Golf Ranking.
Tunisair Express  is an airline based in Tunis, Tunisia that was founded on August 1, 1991. Formerly known as Tuninter  and SevenAir , its parent company is the national carrier Tunisair. 
Faezeh Hashemi Bahramani, more known as Faezeh Hashemi Rafsanjani (; born 7 January 1963) is an Iranian women's rights activist, politician and former journalist who served as a member of Iranian parliament from 1996 to 2000. She is also president of Executives of Construction Party women's league and the former editor-in-chief of "Zan newspaper".
The Stirling Range or Koikyennuruff is a range of mountains and hills in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, 337 km south-east of Perth. It is over wide from west to east, stretching from the highway between Mount Barker and Cranbrook eastward past Gnowangerup. The Stirling Range is protected by the Stirling Range National Park, which was gazetted in 1913, and has an area of .
The Warrumbungles is a mountain range in the Orana region of New South Wales, Australia. The nearest town is Coonabarabran... The area is easiest accessed from the Newell Highway which is the major road link directly between Melbourne, Victoria and Brisbane, Queensland and cuts across inland New South Wales from the north to the south.
The Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art  is a museum in a converted factory building complex located in North Adams, Massachusetts. It is one of the largest centers for contemporary visual art and performing arts in the United States. 
Zeneca  was a British multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It was formed in June 1993 by the demerger of the pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals businesses of Imperial Chemical Industries into a separate company listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Los Tigres del Norte  are a Mexican norteño band from Mocorito, Sinaloa and based in San Jose, California, United States.
State Bank of Travancore  was a major Indian bank headquartered in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, and was a major associate of State Bank of India.
Prem Tinsulanonda (, , ; 26 August 1920 – 26 May 2019) was a Thai military officer and politician who served as Prime Minister of Thailand from 3 March 1980 to 4 August 1988, during which time he was credited with ending a communist insurgency and presiding over accelerating economic growth and he also statesman of Thailand. As president of the Privy Council, he served as Regent of Thailand from the death of King Bhumibol Adulyadej on 13 October 2016, until the 1 December 2016 proclamation of Vajiralongkorn as King. 
Nikolaus von Falkenhorst (17 January 1885 – 18 June 1968) was a German general and a war criminal during World War II. He planned and commanded the German invasion of Denmark and Norway in 1940, and was commander of German troops during the occupation of Norway from 1940 to 1944.
Amoeba Music is a US independent music chain with stores in Berkeley, San Francisco, and Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. It was founded in 1990 in San Francisco's Haight-Ashbury district and remains in operation, having survived the decline of CD sales in the 2000s.
Harry B. Lachman (June 29, 1886 – March 19, 1975) was an American artist, set designer, and film director.
Plavi orkestar  is a Bosnian pop/rock band from Sarajevo. The band was formed in 1983 by Saša Lošić, lead singer and songwriter of the group. 
The Showgrounds is a stadium in Sligo, which has been home of Sligo Rovers since Rovers were formed in 1928.
KFMB-TV, virtual and VHF digital channel 8, is a dual CBS/CW-affiliated television station licensed to San Diego, California, United States. Owned by Tegna Inc., it is sister to radio stations KFMB (760 AM) and KFMB-FM (100.7 FM). The television and radio stations share studios on Engineer Road in the Kearny Mesa section of San Diego; KFMB-TV's transmitter is located on Mount Soledad in La Jolla.
The Ninety Mile Beach is a sandy stretch of beach on the south-eastern coastline of the East Gippsland region of Victoria in Australia. The beach faces Bass Strait and backs the Gippsland Lakes. 
William Wavell Wakefield, 1st Baron Wakefield of Kendal (10 March 1898 – 12 August 1983), known as Sir Wavell Wakefield between 1944 and 1963, was an English rugby union player for Harlequins, Leicester Tigers and England, President of the Rugby Football Union and Conservative politician.
Candiria are an American progressive metal band from Brooklyn, New York. They blend various styles of music including metal, hardcore, hip hop, jazz, and progressive rock. Candiria have often dubbed their sound "urban fusion."
Salzkotten is a town in the district of Paderborn, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The name Salzkotten  is based on the former salt production, which gave Salzkotten its raison d'être. 
KCSB-FM (91.9 FM) is a non-commercial, educational radio station located on the UC Santa Barbara campus.
Teagan Presley (born Ashley Ann Erickson on July 24, 1985) is an American pornographic actress. Her stage name in part comes from her parents initially wanting to call her "Teagan" and in part as an homage to Lisa Marie Presley.
Warren Publishing was an American magazine company founded by James Warren, who published his first magazines in 1957 and continued in the business for decades. Magazines published by Warren include "After Hours", "Creepy", "Eerie", "Famous Monsters of Filmland", "Help!", and "Vampirella".
The Medjerda River , the classical Bagrada, is a river in North Africa flowing from northeast Algeria through Tunisia before emptying into the Gulf of Tunis and Lake of Tunis. With a length of , it is the longest river of Tunisia. 
XETV-TDT, virtual channel 6 (UHF digital channel 23), is a Mexican free-to-air television station located in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico, carrying the Canal 5 network. XETV's terrestrial signal also covers the San Diego, California area across the international border in the United States. 
Alexander Yakovlevich Rosenbaum PAR  (born September 13, 1951) is a Russian bard from Saint Petersburg. He is best known as an interpreter of the blatnaya pesnya  genre. 
Horace McCoy (April 14, 1897 – December 15, 1955) was an American writer whose hardboiled novels took place during the Great Depression. His best-known novel is "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?" (
Aerovista is an aircraft leasing, trading and management service provider with its headquarters in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.
De Beauvoir Town is a district in East London and is in the London Borough of Hackney, north of the City of London. The area was a part of the Hackney; the Ancient Parish and subsequent Metropolitan Borough that was incorporated into the larger modern borough.
The United Sabah Party  is a political party in Sabah, Malaysia. It was registered as a political party on 5 March 1985. 
Phoenix Aviation was an airline based in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. It was established and started operations in 1996 and operated passenger and freight services. 
Sault Ste. Marie Airport, , is an international airport located west-southwest of the city of Sault Ste. 
College of Southern Idaho  is a public community college in Twin Falls, Idaho. It also has off-campus programs in Jerome, Hailey, Burley and Gooding.
Allegheny County Airport is in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania, 7 miles (11 km) southeast of Pittsburgh. It is the fifth-busiest airport in Pennsylvania following Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Allentown, and Harrisburg. 
The Valdai Hills  are an upland region in the north-west of central Russia running north-south, about midway between Saint Petersburg and Moscow, spanning Leningrad, Novgorod, Tver, Pskov, and Smolensk Oblasts.
Lisa Rene Hanna (born 1975) is a Jamaican politician and beauty queen who was crowned Miss World 1993, becoming the third Jamaican to win the title. A member of the opposition People's National Party, Hanna currently serves as Member of Parliament for Saint Ann South East, and was Jamaica's Minister of Youth and Culture from 2012-2016.
Taco Time  is an American fast-food restaurant chain specializing in Mexican food. The chain has over 300 locations in the US and Canada. 
Santiago de Veraguas  is the capital of the province of Veraguas, in the Republic of Panama, and the district or municipality of the same name. Located in the countryside next to the Pan American Highway. 
Rupert of Salzburg (, ; 660 – 710 AD) was Bishop of Worms as well as the first Bishop of Salzburg and abbot of St. Peter's in Salzburg. He was a contemporary of the Frankish king Childebert III and is venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches. 
The National Movement of Afghanistan  is a political party in Afghanistan. 
Johann George II (31 May 1613 – 22 August 1680) was the Elector of Saxony from 1656 to 1680. He belonged to the Albertine line of the House of Wettin.
Antar Yahia (, born 21 March 1982) is a retired Algerian professional footballer who played as a defender, and is currently the sporting director of Orléans.
Mark W. Moses (born February 25, 1958) is an American actor, known for his roles of Paul Young on "Desperate Housewives" and Herman "Duck" Phillips on the AMC series "Mad Men".
The Albany River is a river in Northern Ontario, Canada, which flows northeast from Lake St. Joseph in Northwestern Ontario and empties into James Bay. It is long to the head of the Cat River , tying it with the Severn River for the title of longest river in Ontario. Major tributaries include the Kenogami River and Ogoki River.
Sir Francis Burdett, 5th Baronet (25 January 1770 – 23 January 1844) was an English reformist politician, the son of Francis Burdett and his wife Eleanor, daughter of William Jones of Ramsbury manor, Wiltshire, and grandson of Sir Robert Burdett, Bart. From 1820 until his death he lived at 25 St James's Place.
kulula.com, sometimes simply known as Kulula,  is a South African low-cost airline, operating on major domestic routes from O. R. Tambo International Airport and Lanseria International Airport, both serving the city of Johannesburg. The airline's headquarters are located at Bonaero Park, Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni, Gauteng.
Gracie Films is an American independent film and television production company created by James L. Brooks in 1986. The company is primarily responsible for producing the long-running animated series "The Simpsons", as well as the films "Big", "Broadcast News", and "Jerry Maguire".
Sehnde is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is located approximately 15 kilometres southeast of Hanover.
Orodes II of Parthia ,  was the king of the Parthian Empire from 57 BC to 37 BC. Orodes was a son of Phraates III, whom he murdered in 57 BC, assisted by his brother Mithridates. 
The Anguilla Democratic Party is a political party in Anguilla. 
Mohammadou Idrissou (born 8 March 1980) is a Cameroonian football striker who plays as a striker for FC Kufstein.
David William Cowens (born October 25, 1948) is an American retired professional basketball player and NBA head coach. At 6' 9", he played the center and occasionally the power forward position. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1991.
Sylvester Ritter (December 13, 1952 – June 1, 1998) was an American professional wrestler and college football player, best known for his work in Mid-South Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation as the Junkyard Dog , a nickname he received while working in a wrecking yard. He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame class of 2004. 
ArenaNet is a video game developer and subsidiary of NCSOFT, founded in 2000 by Mike O'Brien, Patrick Wyatt and Jeff Strain and located in Bellevue, Washington. They are most notable as developers of the online role-playing game series "Guild Wars".
Arthur Nikisch (12 October 185523 January 1922) was a Hungarian conductor who performed internationally, holding posts in Boston, London, Leipzig and—most importantly—Berlin. He was considered an outstanding interpreter of the music of Bruckner, Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Liszt. 
Denis Hale Johnson (July 1, 1949 – May 24, 2017) was an American writer best known for his short story collection "Jesus' Son" (1992) and his novel "Tree of Smoke" (2007), which won the National Book Award for Fiction. He also wrote plays, poetry, journalism, and non-fiction.
Ray Peterson (April 23, 1935 – January 25, 2005) was an American pop singer who was best remembered for singing "Tell Laura I Love Her" and "Corrine, Corrina".
Emile Davenport Hirsch (born March 13, 1985) is an American actor. He starred in "Into the Wild" (2007) and the A&E network simulcast miniseries "Bonnie & Clyde" (2013). His other film roles include "The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys" (2002), "The Mudge Boy" (2003), "The Girl Next Door" (2004), "Lords of Dogtown" (2005), "Alpha Dog" (2006), "Speed Racer" (2008), "Milk" (2008), "The Darkest Hour" (2011), "The Motel Life" (2012), "Lone Survivor" (2013), and "Vincent N Roxxy" (2016).
WFFG-FM (100.3 FM), known as "Froggy 100.3", is a country music radio station in the United States, licensed to Warrensburg, New York, and owned by Pamal Broadcasting. The station broadcasts 24 hours a day on 100.3 MHz with 1,450 watts effective radiated power from a transmitter located near Black Spruce mountain in the town of Warrensburg, Warren County, New York. , and serves the Adirondack Region and the Capital District of New York.
Kehot Publication Society is the publishing division of the Chabad-Lubavitch movement.
Brampton-Caledon Airport is a privately owned general aviation airport in Caledon, near Brampton, Ontario, Canada, northwest of Toronto.
Hannes Swoboda (born 10 November 1946 in Bad Deutsch-Altenburg) is an Austrian social democratic politician. He has been a Member of the European Parliament since 1996. 
Gabriel Zubeir Wako (born 27 February 1941) is a Sudanese Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. 
Pink Martini is a musical group that was formed in 1994 by pianist Thomas Lauderdale in Portland, Oregon. Members of the band call it a little orchestra that crosses the genres of classical music, classic pop, Latin music, and jazz. The co-lead vocalists for Pink Martini are China Forbes and Storm Large.
Australia Asia Airlines  was a wholly owned subsidiary of Qantas set up to operate services between Australia and Taiwan .
Patrick Damien Hogan (10 October 1885 – 24 January 1969) was an Irish Labour Party politician who served as Ceann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann from 1951 to 1967 and Leas-Cheann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann from 1927 to 1928. He served as a Teachta Dála  for the Clare constituency from 1923 to 1938 and 1943 to 1969. He was a Senator for the Labour Panel from 1938 to 1943.
He was nominated for a Nobel prize in literature fourteen times.
Bluffdale is a city in Salt Lake County in the U.S. state of Utah, located about south of Salt Lake City. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 7,598. As of the 2018 census, the city population is 13,484. 
Gunnison is a city in the Sevier Valley in southwestern in Sanpete County, Utah, United States. The population was 3,285 at the 2010 census. 
Monroe is a city in Sevier County, Utah, United States. The population was 2,256 at the 2010 United States Census. 
Ophir is a town in Tooele County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Salt Lake City, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 23 at the 2000 census, a decrease of two from the 1990 figure of 25.
Highland is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States. It is approximately south of Salt Lake City and is part of the Provo–Orem Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
Hildale is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States. The population was 2,726 at the 2010 census.
Harrisville is a city in Weber County, Utah, United States. The population was 3,645 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Ogden–Clearfield, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Maximus the Confessor , also known as Maximus the Theologian and Maximus of Constantinople (c. 580 – 13 August 662), was a Christian monk, theologian, and scholar.
Saxis is a town in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. The population was 241 at the 2010 census.
Altavista is an incorporated town in Campbell County, Virginia, United States. The population was 3,450 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Lynchburg Metropolitan Statistical Area.
New Castle  is the only town in Craig County, Virginia, United States. The population was 153 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Craig County.
Stephens City  is an incorporated town in the southern part of Frederick County, Virginia, United States, with a population of 1,829 at the time of the 2010 census. and an estimated population in 2017 of 1,999.
Monterey is a town in Highland County, Virginia, United States. The population was 147 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Highland County.
Middleburg is a town in Loudoun County, Virginia, United States. The population was 673 at the 2010 census.
Cheriton is a town in Northampton County, Virginia, United States. The population was 499 at the 2000 census.
Vinton is a town in Roanoke County, Virginia, United States. The population was 8,098 at the 2010 census. Vinton is part of the Roanoke Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Roanoke Region of Virginia.
Gate City is a town in Scott County, Virginia, United States. The population was 2,034 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Scott County.
Ivor is an incorporated town in Southampton County, Virginia, United States. It is twenty-three miles northwest of Suffolk. The population was 320 at the 2000 census.
Colonial Beach, Virginia  is a river and beach town located in the northwestern part of Westmoreland County on Virginia's Northern Neck peninsula. It is bounded by the Potomac River, Monroe Bay and Monroe Creek and home to the second-largest beachfront in the state. 
Prosser  is a city in and the county seat of Benton County, Washington, United States, along the Yakima River with only one zip code 99350. The population was 5,714 at the 2010 census.
Bridgeport is a city in Douglas County, Washington, United States. It is part of the Wenatchee−East Wenatchee Metropolitan Statistical Area. Bridgeport's population was 2,509 at the 2016 census.
Coulee City is a town in Grant County, Washington. The population was 562 at the 2010 census.
Elma is a city in Grays Harbor County, Washington, United States. The population was 3,107 at the 2010 census.
Beaux Arts is a town located in the Eastside region of King County, Washington, United States. It is the smallest municipality in the county, with a population of 299 as of the 2010 census and a land area of 0.1 sq mi. 
Maple Valley is a city in King County, Washington, United States. The population was 22,684 at the 2010 census, and is estimated to be 27,114 as of 2018. 
Yarrow Point is a town in King County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,001 at the 2010 census.
Chehalis  is a city in Lewis County, Washington, United States. The population was 7,259 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Lewis County.
Sprague is a city in Lincoln County, Washington, United States. The population was 446 at the 2010 census. The town was plotted in 1880 and named for former American Civil War Union general John Wilson Sprague.
Twisp is a town in Okanogan County, Washington, United States. The population was 938 at the 2000 census and decreased to 919 at the 2010 census.
Edgewood is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States. The population was 9,387 at the 2010 census. Neighboring towns include Milton to the northwest, Federal Way to the north, and Puyallup to the south.
University Place is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States. Its population was 31,144 at the 2010 census.
Gold Bar is a city in Snohomish County, Washington, United States. It is located on the Skykomish River between Sultan and Index, connected by U.S. Route 2. The population was 2,075 at the 2010 census.
Fairfield is a town in Spokane County, Washington, United States. The population was 612 at the 2010 census.
Marcus is a town in Stevens County, Washington, United States. The population was 117 at the 2000 census and 183 at the 2010 census, a 56.4% increase over the 2000 census.
Waitsburg is a city in Walla Walla County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,217 at the 2010 census. 
Oakesdale is a town in Whitman County, Washington, United States. The population was 422 at the 2010 census.
Selah is a city in Yakima County, Washington, United States. The population was 7,147 at the 2010 census.
Flatwoods is a town in Braxton County, West Virginia, United States located about one mile from exit 67 of Interstate 79.
Petersburg is a city in Grant County, West Virginia, USA. The population was 2,467 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Grant County.
Lumberport is a town in Harrison County, located in northern West Virginia, United States. The population was 876 at the 2010 census.
Clendenin is a town in Kanawha County, West Virginia along the Elk River. The population was 1,227 at the 2010 census.
West Logan is a town in Logan County, West Virginia, United States, along the Guyandotte River. The population was 424 at the 2010 census. West Logan is west of the county seat at Logan, hence the name.
Cameron is a city in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States. It is part of the Wheeling, West Virginia metropolitan area. The population was 946 at the 2010 census.
Kimball is a town in McDowell County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 194 at the 2010 census.
Blacksville is a town in Monongalia County, West Virginia, USA. The population was 171 at the 2010 census. It is included in the Morgantown, West Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Durbin is a town in Pocahontas County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 293 at the 2010 census.
Tunnelton is a town in Preston County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 294 at the 2010 census.
Montrose is a town in Randolph County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 156 at the 2010 census.
Friendly is a town in Tyler County, West Virginia, in the United States. The population was 132 at the 2010 census.
Mullens is a city in Wyoming County, West Virginia. The population was 1,559 at the 2010 census.
Rockland is a town in Brown County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 1,734 at the 2010 census.
Harrison is a village in Calumet County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 10,839 at the 2010 census and 3,471 in 2013. The Village of Harrison and Town of Buchanan are collectively known locally as Darboy.
Sampson is a town in Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 892 at the 2010 census.
Hoard is a town in Clark County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 594 at the 2000 census.
Weston is a town in Clark County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The population was 638 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Christie and Globe are located in the town.
Bridgeport is a town in Crawford County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 946 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Bridgeport is located in the town.
LeRoy is a town in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,116 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Farmersville and LeRoy are located in the town.
Lucas is a town in Dunn County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 658 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Hatchville is located partially in the town.
Harrison is a town in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 497 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Cornelia is located in the town.
Watterstown is a town in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 362 at the 2000 census.
Lyndon is a town in Juneau County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,217 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Indian Heights is located in the town.
Cassel is a town in Marathon County, Wisconsin, United States. It is part of the Wausau, Wisconsin Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 911 at the 2010 census.
Monico is a town in Oneida County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 364 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of Monico is located in the town.
Diamond Bluff is a town in Pierce County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 479 at the 2000 census.
Harmony is a town in Rock County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,351 at the 2000 census.
Excelsior is a town in Sauk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,410 at the 2000 census.
Pleasant Valley is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 430 at the 2000 census.
Manitowish Waters is a town in Vilas County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 566 in the 2010 census. The unincorporated community Manitowish Waters, is also located within the town.
New Berlin is a city in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 39,584 at the 2010 census, making it the second largest community in Waukesha County after the city of Waukesha.
Rock is a town in Wood County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 856 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Lindsey and Nasonville are located in the town.
Baggs is a town in Carbon County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 440 at the 2010 census.
Riverton is a city in Fremont County, Wyoming, United States. The city's population was 10,615 at the 2010 census, making it the largest city in the county overall.
Edgerton is a town in Natrona County, Wyoming, United States. It is part of the Casper, Wyoming Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 195 at the 2010 census.
Big Piney is a town in Sublette County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 552 at the 2010 census.
Lady Antonia Margaret Caroline Fraser, ( Pakenham; born 27 August 1932) is a British author of history, novels, biographies and detective fiction. She is the widow of the 2005 Nobel Laureate in Literature, Harold Pinter (1930–2008), and prior to his death was also known as Lady Antonia Pinter.
Maria Goeppert Mayer (June 28, 1906 – February 20, 1972) was a German-born American theoretical physicist, and Nobel laureate in Physics for proposing the nuclear shell model of the atomic nucleus. She was the second woman to win a Nobel Prize in physics, the first being Marie Curie.
Bahram I  was the fourth king  of the Sasanian Empire from 271 to 274. He was the eldest son of Shapur I  and succeeded his brother Hormizd I , who had reigned for a year.
Narseh  was seventh king  of the Sasanian Empire from 293 to 302. He was the son of Shapur I .
Cai Lun (; ; CE 48–121), courtesy name Jingzhong , was a Chinese eunuch, inventor, and politician of the Han dynasty. He is traditionally regarded as the inventor of paper and the papermaking process, in forms recognizable in modern times as paper . 
The Magdalen Islands  is a small archipelago in the Gulf of Saint Lawrence with a land area of . Though closer to Prince Edward Island and Nova Scotia, the islands are part of the Canadian province of Quebec.
Kirkcudbright,  is a town and parish in Kirkcudbrightshire, of which it is traditionally the county town, within Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.
Ferdinand Gregorovius (19 January 1821, Neidenburg, East Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia – 1 May 1891, Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria) was a German historian who specialized in the medieval history of Rome.
Field Marshal Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig, (; 19 June 1861 – 29 January 1928) was a senior officer of the British Army. During the First World War, he commanded the British Expeditionary Force  on the Western Front from late 1915 until the end of the war. He was commander during the Battle of the Somme, the Battle of Arras, the Third Battle of Ypres, the German Spring Offensive, and the Hundred Days Offensive.
Gilbert Ray Hodges, "ne" Hodge (April 4, 1924 – April 2, 1972) was an American Major League Baseball  first baseman and manager who played most of his 18-year career for the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers. He was inducted into the New York Mets Hall of Fame in 1982.
Raglan is a small beachside town located 48 km west of Hamilton, New Zealand on State Highway 23. It is known for its surfing, and volcanic black sand beaches.
Westville is a town in Pictou County, Nova Scotia, Canada. It is located immediately west of Stellarton and about four kilometres southwest of New Glasgow, the major town in the area.
Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin (; 1 April 1755, Belley, Ain – 2 February 1826, Paris) was a French lawyer and politician, and gained fame as an epicure and gastronome: "Grimod and Brillat-Savarin. Between them, two writers effectively founded the whole genre of the gastronomic essay."
Jason Rocco Anthony Spezza (born June 13, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre for the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League .
The British Academy is the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and the social sciences.
Sebastiano Ziani was Doge of Venice from 1172 to 1178. He was one of the greatest planners of Venice. 
Peter Hook (born Peter Woodhead; 13 February 1956) is an English singer, songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist and record producer. He is best known as the bassist and co-founder of English rock bands Joy Division and New Order.
William Ballard Doggett (February 16, 1916 – November 13, 1996) was an American jazz and rhythm and blues pianist and organist. He is best known for his compositions "Honky Tonk" and "Hippy Dippy", and variously working with the Ink Spots, Johnny Otis, Wynonie Harris, Ella Fitzgerald, and Louis Jordan.
Jamaica Bay is a lagoon located on the southern side of Long Island, in the U.S. state of New York, near the island's western end. The bay connects with Lower New York Bay to the west through Rockaway Inlet and is the westernmost of the coastal lagoons on the south shore of Long Island. 
Houston Person (born November 10, 1934) is an American jazz tenor saxophonist and record producer. Although he has performed in the hard bop and swing genres, he is most experienced in and best known for his work in soul jazz. 
Party of Democratic Kampuchea was a political party in Cambodia, formed as a continuation of the Communist Party of Kampuchea in December 1981. In the mid-1980s, it publicly claimed that its ideology was democratic socialism, having ostensibly renounced communism.
John Allen Campbell (October 8, 1835July 14, 1880) was a politician and officer in the United States Army, as well as the first Governor of the Wyoming Territory.
WGCK-FM is a Contemporary Christian-formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Coeburn, Virginia, serving Dickenson and Wise counties in Virginia and Letcher County in Kentucky. WGCK-FM is owned and operated by Letcher County Broadcasting, Inc.
Pleudihen-sur-Rance  is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
The Mother Hips is a rock band based in the San Francisco Bay Area.
The Kedron Brook is an urban creek that flows through the northern suburbs of Brisbane in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.
OFK Mladenovac  is a football club from Mladenovac, Serbia. They currently compete in the Belgrade Zone League, the fourth tier of the national league system.
Edward Jack Peter Westwick (born 27 June 1987) is an English actor and musician, best known for his role as Chuck Bass on The CW's teen television drama series "Gossip Girl" alongside co-stars Blake Lively and Leighton Meester. He made his feature film debut in "Children of Men" (2006) and has since appeared in the films "Breaking and Entering" (2006), "Son of Rambow" (2007), "S. Darko" (2009), "Chalet Girl" (2011), "J. Edgar" (2011), "Romeo and Juliet" (2013), "Bone in the Throat" (2015), "Freaks of Nature" (2015), and "Billionaire Ransom" (2016). 
Knut Agathon Wallenberg (19 May 1853 – 1 June 1938) was a Swedish banker and politician, he was also a Knight of the Order of the Seraphim. He was son of banker and politician André Oscar Wallenberg and his first wife Catharina Wilhelmina Andersson, and a member of the prominent Wallenberg family. 
KT SkyLife  is a satellite broadcasting provider in South Korea. It is a subsidiary of KT Corporation.
Teerasil Dangda (, ; born 6 June 1988) is a Thai footballer who plays for Thai League 1 club Muangthong United and the Thailand national team which he serves as a team captain.
Palo Verde Airport is a paved airstrip located in San Bruno, a town 30 km south of Santa Rosalía, Baja California Sur, Mexico. The airstrip is also known as "Chivato Bay" and the CIB code is used as its identifier. 
Al Ahli Saida Sports Club  is a Lebanese football club based in Sidon, Lebanon. Al-Ahli last competed in the Lebanese Football League in the 2007–08 season, where they were relegated after finishing in 12th position. The team currently plays in the Lebanese Second Division.
Paul Finet (1897–1965) was a Belgian politician who served in the High Authority of the European Coal and Steel Community and led the Finet Authority from 1958 to 1959.
The Navy Museum  is a maritime museum in Lisbon, dedicated to all aspects of the history of navigation in Portugal. The museum is administered by the Portuguese Navy and is located in the tourist district of Belém. 
Blues Incorporated were an English blues band formed in London in 1961, led by Alexis Korner and including at various times Jack Bruce, Charlie Watts, Terry Cox, Davy Graham, Ginger Baker, Art Wood, Long John Baldry, Ronnie Jones, Danny Thompson, Graham Bond, Cyril Davies, Malcolm Cecil and Dick Heckstall-Smith.
Albisheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is in the middle of the Zellertal.
Kalkofen is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Winterborn is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
WAMA (1550 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Regional Mexican format. Licensed to Tampa, Florida, United States, it serves the Tampa Bay area. 
Princess Hermine Reuss of Greiz (; 17 December 1887 – 7 August 1947), widowed Princess of Schönaich-Carolath, was the second wife of Wilhelm II (1859–1941). They were married in 1922, four years after he had abdicated as German Emperor and King of Prussia.
Saugnacq-et-Muret is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Saint-Laurent-en-Grandvaux is a commune in the Jura department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Saint-Gingolph is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
The Baciu is a right tributary of the river Olt in Romania. It discharges into the Olt in Dobolii de Jos.
FC Poltava  was a Ukrainian football club based in Poltava in 2007–2018.
Pouzilhac is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Bellegarde  is a commune in the Gard départment in southern France.
The Tulsa Revolution was a professional indoor soccer team from Tulsa, Oklahoma, which began play in the Professional Arena Soccer League with the 2013–14 season then segued to the Major Arena Soccer League for the 2014–15 season. The team was co-owned by Adam Mellor and Shannon Clark.
Lorenz Nieberl (sometimes spelled as Lorenz Niebert, 7 July 1919 in Munich – 12 April 1968) was a West German bobsledder who competed in the early 1950s. At the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, he became the first person to win both the two-man and four-man competitions at the same Winter Olympics. 
Allegheny Mountain Radio or AMR is a network of full service, freeform formatted community radio stations broadcasting to portions of West Virginia and Virginia in the United States. The stations serve Pocahontas County in West Virginia and Bath and Highland counties in Virginia.
Stephen Royce (August 12, 1787November 11, 1868) was an American lawyer, judge and politician. He served as the 23rd Governor of Vermont from 1854 to 1856.
Brie-sous-Archiac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
Lundey, literally "Puffin Island" in Icelandic, is a small, uninhabited island off the western coast of Reykjavík, Iceland. It is about long and wide. 
Thomas Percival (29 September 1740 – 30 August 1804) was an English physician, health reformer, ethicist and author, best known for crafting perhaps the first modern code of medical ethics. He drew up a pamphlet with the code in 1794 and wrote an expanded version in 1803, "Medical Ethics; or, a Code of Institutes and Precepts, Adapted to the Professional Conduct of Physicians and Surgeons" in which he coined the expression "medical ethics". 
F5 is a heavy metal band based out of Phoenix, Arizona which features Megadeth bassist Dave Ellefson and ex-Megadeth drummer Jimmy DeGrasso.
Altona City SC are an Australian association football  club from Altona, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria. The club was formed in 1965 as a predominantly Scottish club. The club played in the Victorian State League from 1977–1981. 
KFWA 103.1 is a radio station licensed to Weldona, Colorado.
Louis de Breda Handley or Luigi de Breda (February 14, 1874 – December 28, 1956) was an Italian-born American freestyle swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.
Lonzac is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.
107.9 ABC Ballarat, callsign 3CRR, is an ABC Local Radio station in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. ABC Ballarat is one of the newest stations in the network, opened on 30 June 2003. 
Thomas Ashby, (14 October 1874 in Ashford Road, Staines, Middlesex – 15 May 1931 in London) was a British archaeologist.
FK Hajduk Beograd , also commonly known as Hajduk Lion, is a football club based in Lion, a municipality of Zvezdara, Belgrade, Serbia. They currently compete in the Belgrade First League, the fifth level of the national league system.
The Galveston Bay Area, also known as Bay Area Houston or simply the Bay Area, is a region that surrounds the Galveston Bay estuary of Southeast Texas in the United States, within metropolitan area. Normally the term refers to the mainland communities around the bay and excludes Galveston as well as most of Houston.
Matthew Toby Perkins (born 12 August 1970) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament  for Chesterfield since 2010 general election, gaining the seat from Liberal Democrat Paul Holmes.
Harbour Publishing is a Canadian independent book publisher.
Morey-Saint-Denis is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
Corgoloin is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
Jassans-Riottier is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
KiMs is a brand of chips and snacks, owned by the Orkla Group.
Shanto-Mariam University of Creative Technology   is a private university established in 2003 in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It was named after Md. Imamul Kabir Shanto  and his wife Tahmina Chowdhury Kabir  .
Ulf Hielscher (born 30 November 1967 in Neubrandenburg, GDR) is a German bobsledder who competed in the 1990s. He won a bronze medal in the four-man event at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer.
TKO is a hard rock and heavy metal band from Seattle, Washington, which was mainly active between 1977-1986. The group's lead vocalist and only consistent member is Brad Sinsel.
Murchison Promontory is a peninsula in northern Canada that is the northernmost point on mainland Canada and on the mainland of North America; it is also one of the Extreme points of Earth.
The Los Monjes islands, a federal dependency of Venezuela, are located to the northwest of the Gulf of Venezuela, off the coast of Guajira Peninsula, at the border between Colombia and the Venezuelan state of Zulia.
Maurice Kottelat (born 16 July 1957 in Delémont, Switzerland) is a Swiss ichthyologist specializing in Eurasian freshwater fishes.
Tverai  is a small town in Rietavas municipality, Lithuania. It is situated on Aitra River, tributary to Jūra, about 17 km east from Rietavas and 14 km from Varniai. 
Mona Mahmudnizhad (, September 10, 1965 – June 18, 1983) was an Iranian Bahá'í who, in 1983  was sentenced to death and hanged in Shiraz, Iran. She was accused of being a member of the Bahá'í Faith.
Jennifer Shrader Lawrence (born August 15, 1990) is an American actress. Her films have grossed over $6 billion worldwide, and she was the highest-paid actress in the world in 2015 and 2016. Lawrence appeared in "Time" 100 most influential people in the world list in 2013 and in the "Forbes" Celebrity 100 list in 2014 and 2016.
SC-ESV Parndorf 1919 is an Austrian association football club from Parndorf. They currently play in the Austrian Regional League East.
The Qishan River  or Nanzixian River  is a tributary of the Gaoping River in Taiwan. It flows through Chiayi County, Kaohsiung City, and Pingtung County for 117 km.
Wayne Odesnik (born November 21, 1985) is a South African-born American retired professional left-handed tennis player, with a two-handed backhand.
Hero of South Asia  or ঊNiSA is a private university in the Banani Residential Area of Dhaka, Bangladesh. The university was established by the Private University Act of 1992. 
WBCO (1540 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Bucyrus, Ohio. The station currently features a classic country format.
Tremeirchion  is a small residential community in Denbighshire, Wales. It is located on the B5429 road, to the north east of Denbigh and to the east of St Asaph. 
The New Zealand Railway and Locomotive Society Inc  is a society of railway enthusiasts, based in Wellington.
The National Central Library  is the national library of Taiwan, Republic of China, which it is located at No. 20, Zhongshan S. Rd., 
Pommiers is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Bouillargues is a commune in the Gard department in southern France. It includes the hamlets of Garons, Caissargues and Rodilhan. 
Bernis is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Josef "Pepi" Bader (born 29 May 1941 in Grainau) is a West German bobsledder who competed in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Competing in two Winter Olympics, he won silver medals in the two-man event both in 1968 and 1972.
Brazosport College  is a public, coeducational college located in Lake Jackson, Texas in Greater Houston. The college was opened in 1968 and offers two-year and four-year degrees. 
Linga is a small, uninhabited island, east of Muckle Roe in the Shetland Islands. The island is roughly circular in shape and its highest elevation is . 
TravelCenters of America LLC is the largest publicly traded full-service travel center company in the United States. The company operates full service centers, convenience stores, and restaurants under the TravelCenters of America, TA, Petro, Petro Stopping Centers, Minit Mart, and Quaker Steak & Lube brands. 
Colesberg is a town with 17,354 inhabitants in the Northern Cape province of South Africa, located on the main N1 road from Cape Town to Johannesburg.
The Breboaia is a right tributary of the Mara in Maramureș County, Romania. It discharges into the Mara in Hărnicești.
Foot-Ball Club Torinese was an Italian football club from Turin that was founded in 1894. The club competed in the first Italian Football Championship, and stayed in the competition until the club closed in 1906.
Alexander Ludwig is a Canadian actor, singer and model. His notable film credits include "The Seeker: The Dark Is Rising" and "The Hunger Games". 
Sebastian Langeveld (born 17 January 1985) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam .
The Sarawat Mountains , also known as the Sarat, is a mountain range in the western part of the Arabian Peninsula. In a broad sense, it runs parallel to the eastern coast of the Red Sea, and thus encompasses the Asir and Hijaz Mountains, which can be seen as including the Midian Mountains. In a narrow sense, the Sarawat start in Asir in southern Saudi Arabia, and extend to the Gulf of Aden in the south, running along the entire western coast of Yemen, in what used to be North Yemen, and extend eastwards into part of what used to be South Yemen, thus running parallel to the Gulf of Aden.
Mexicana Cargo was an airline based in Mexico City.
Klaus Steinbach (born 14 December 1953 in Kleve, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a former World Record holding and Olympic freestyle swimmer from Germany. He swam for Germany at the 1972 and 1976 Olympics.
Benedict Michael Gummer (born 19 February 1978) is a British politician of the Conservative Party who served as the Member of Parliament  for Ipswich from 2010 to 2017. In 2016 he became the Minister for the Cabinet Office and Paymaster General in the First May ministry. He lost his seat in the House of Commons in the 2017 general election.
Martin Kaymer ( ; born 28 December 1984) is a German professional golfer. A winner of two major championships, he was also the No. 1 ranked golfer in the Official World Golf Ranking for eight weeks in 2011.
Reuilly is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
Dardez is a commune in the Eure department in northern France.
Bernienville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Acquigny is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France. The Château d'Acquigny is located here.
Saint-Sulpice-de-Grimbouville is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Saint-Pierre-de-Salerne is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Lisors is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
Aizier is a commune in the Eure department in Normandie in northern France.
Saint-Aubin-sur-Gaillon is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
The Olona  is an Italian river, long, that runs through the provinces of Varese, Milan and Pavia.
The Dezna is a river in Arad County, Romania. At its confluence with the river Moneasa in the village Dezna, the river Sebiș is formed. The Dezna is also considered the upper course of the Sebiș.
Stix, Baer and Fuller F.C. was a U.S. soccer club which played in the St. Louis Soccer League from 1931 to 1934. The team was known as Hellrungs from 1929 to 1931, St. Louis Central Breweries F.C. from 1934 to 1935 and St. Louis Shamrocks from 1935 to 1938. 
KGSV (660 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Oildale, California, and serving the Bakersfield metropolitan area. The station is owned by Akal Broadcasting Corporation, and airs a South Asian radio format known as "Radio Punjab." Affiliated stations carry the same programming in San Francisco, Sacramento and other West Coast cities.
The Iori  is a river in the South Caucasus that originates in the Greater Caucasus Mountains in eastern Georgia and continues in Azerbaijan, where it is also known as Gabirry  and flows into the Mingachevir reservoir. It is long. 
Marechal Rondon International Airport is the airport serving Cuiabá, Brazil, located in the adjoining municipality of Várzea Grande. It is named after Marshall Cândido Mariano da Silva Rondon (1865–1958), a Brazilian explorer.
KBBQ-FM is a commercial radio station located in Van Buren, Arkansas, broadcasting to the Fort Smith, Arkansas, area on 102.7 FM. KBBQ airs a Rhythmic Contemporary music format branded as "102.7 The Vibe".
Airon-Saint-Vaast is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Amettes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Aubin-Saint-Vaast is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Avondance is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.
Busnes is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Boiry-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Belle-et-Houllefort is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Coulomby is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Berles-au-Bois is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Blangy-sur-Ternoise is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Blairville is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Boiry-Notre-Dame is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Buissy is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region in northern France.
Focus Sat is a direct broadcast satellite television platform owned by M7 Group in Romania.
The  is the Portuguese national library, fulfilling the function of legal deposit and copyright.
KRDO-FM (105.5 MHz) is commercial FM radio station licensed to Security, Colorado and serving the Colorado Springs-Pueblo media market. It is owned and operated by the News-Press & Gazette Company of St. Joseph, Missouri, through its licensee Pikes Peak Television, Inc. KRDO-FM airs a News/Talk radio format. 
The New Shetland Museum and Archives at Hay's Dock, Lerwick, Shetland, Scotland, was officially opened on 31 May 2007 by HM Queen Sonja of Norway and the Duke & Duchess of Rothesay .
San Pedro Creek  is a perennial stream in the City of Pacifica, San Mateo County, California in the San Francisco Bay Area whose tributaries originate on Sweeney Ridge in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area and Montara Mountain in the Santa Cruz Mountains.The creek mainstem flows through the San Pedro Valley to its mouth near Shelter Cove of the Pacific Ocean The stream is notable as the 1769 campsite for Gaspar de Portolà before he ascended Sweeney Ridge and discovered San Francisco Bay.
WUCF-FM (89.9 MHz) is a listener-supported radio station of the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Florida, United States. The station is one of Central Florida's two NPR member stations, along with WMFE-FM.
Futebol Clube do Marco was a Portuguese football team based in Marco de Canaveses, Porto District. Founded in 1927, it held home games at "Estádio Municipal de Marco de Canaveses", which has a 10,000-seat capacity.
WGAU (1340 AM, "News-Talk 1340") is a radio station licensed to serve Athens, Georgia, United States, that broadcasts a News/Talk format. The transmitter is located at the studios  in Five Points.
Cambligneul is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Mesivtha Tifereth Jerusalem  is a yeshiva in New York City. It is one of the oldest existent yeshivot in the city and is renowned for being the institution formerly led by Rabbi Moshe Feinstein. and currently by Rabbi Dovid Feinstein.
Rhodes is a hamlet or small village alongside the wild trout rich Bell River, near Ben Macdhui (at 2561 m the highest mountain in the Cape region) in the Drakensberg mountains of the north Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Cutipay River is a river in Valdivia municipality, southern Chile. Cutipay is often referred as an inlet of Valdivia River rather than a river. 
Gusenburg is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Kenn is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Mehring is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district of the Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Onsdorf is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Wasserliesch is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Serrig is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Wellen is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Audaux is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of south-western France.
Alfred Day Hershey (December 4, 1908 – May 22, 1997) was an American Nobel Prize–winning bacteriologist and geneticist.
Dolores Costello (September 17, 1903 – March 1, 1979) was an American film actress who achieved her greatest success during the era of silent movies. She was nicknamed "The Goddess of the Silent Screen". She was stepmother of John Barrymore's daughter Diana, by his second wife Blanche Oelrichs, the mother of John Drew Barrymore and Dolores  Barrymore, and the grandmother of John Barrymore III, Blyth Dolores Barrymore, Brahma Blyth  Barrymore, and Drew Barrymore.
John de Balliol (before 1208 – 25 October 1268) was a leading figure of Scottish and Anglo-Norman life. Balliol College, in Oxford, is named after him.
Richard "Rick" McCallum (born August 22, 1954) is a German-born American film producer. He is mostly known for his work on "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles" as well as the "Star Wars Trilogy: Special Edition" and prequel trilogy. 
Ensiferum  is a Finnish folk metal band from Helsinki. The members of the band label themselves as "melodic folk metal."
Valparaiso University is a regionally accredited private university in Valparaiso, Indiana, United States. Commonly known as Valpo, the university is a coed, four-year, Lutheran institution with about 4,500 students from over 50 countries on a campus of .
Vera Ivanovna Zasulich (; – 8 May 1919) was a Russian Menshevik writer and revolutionary.
Paul Tanner (October 15, 1917 – February 5, 2013) was an American musician and a member of the Glenn Miller Orchestra.
The Overloon War Museum  is located in Overloon, Netherlands.
Marko Tapani "Marco" Hietala (born 14 January 1966) is a Finnish heavy metal vocalist, bassist and songwriter. Internationally, he is most known as the current bassist, male vocalist and secondary composer to Tuomas Holopainen, of the symphonic metal band Nightwish. 
Matthew Simon Taylor (born 27 November 1981) is an English professional footballer and coach who plays as a midfielder for club Swindon Town. He has previously played for Luton Town, Portsmouth, Bolton Wanderers, West Ham United, Burnley and Northampton Town.
Saint-Pierre-des-Ifs is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Franz Joseph Strauss (26 February 1822 – 31 May 1905) was a German musician. He was a composer, a virtuoso horn player and accomplished performer on the guitar, clarinet and viola. He was principal horn player of the Bavarian Court Opera for more than 40 years, a teacher at the Royal School of Music, Munich, and a conductor.
Ephraim Katzir ( "Efrayim Katsir"; 16 May 1916 – 30 May 2009) was an Israeli biophysicist and Israeli Labor Party politician. He was the fourth President of Israel from 1973 until 1978.
Pontarlier  is a commune and one of the two sub-prefectures of the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France near the Swiss border.
Infanta Pilar of Spain, Duchess of Badajoz, Dowager Viscountess of la Torre (Spanish: "María del Pilar Alfonsa Juana Victoria Luisa Ignacia y Todos los Santos de Borbón y Borbón-Dos Sicilias"; born 30 July 1936), sometimes known more simply as Pilar de Borbón is the elder daughter of Infante Juan, Count of Barcelona and Princess María Mercedes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, and older sister of King Juan Carlos I. She has also a younger sister, Infanta Margarita of Spain.
Karin Victoria Silvstedt (born 19 September 1974) is a Swedish model, actress, singer, and television personality.
Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat , Italian: "San Giovanni Capo Ferrato") is a commune of the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.
Virginia Key is an barrier island in Miami, Florida, United States in Biscayne Bay, south of Brickell and north of Key Biscayne. It is accessible from the mainland via the Rickenbacker Causeway.
Saint-Vaast-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Juan Carlos Wasmosy Monti (born December 15, 1938) was the president of Paraguay from August 15, 1993 until August 15, 1998. He was a member of the Colorado Party, and the country's first civilian president in 39 years.
Simon John Pegg (né Beckingham; born 14 February 1970) is an English actor, comedian, screenwriter, and producer.
Pope Benedict XV , born Giacomo Paolo Giovanni Battista della Chiesa (; 21 November 1854 – 22 January 1922), was head of the Roman Catholic Church from 3 September 1914 until his death in 1922. His pontificate was largely overshadowed by World War I and its political, social, and humanitarian consequences in Europe.
Cináed mac Maíl Coluim (Modern Gaelic: "Coinneach mac Mhaoil Chaluim" anglicised as Kenneth II, and nicknamed An Fionnghalach, "The Fratricide"; died 995) was King of Scots . The son of Malcolm I , he succeeded King Cuilén  on the latter's death at the hands of Rhydderch ap Dyfnwal in 971.
Melissa Joan Hart (born April 18, 1976) is an American actress. She had starring roles as the titular characters in the sitcoms "Clarissa Explains It All" (1991–1994), "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" (1996–2003), and "Melissa & Joey" (2010–2015).
Otto von Habsburg (20 November 1912 4 July 2011), also known by his traditional royal title of Archduke Otto of Austria, was the last Crown Prince of Austria-Hungary from 1916 until the dissolution of the empire in 1919, a realm which comprised modern-day Austria, Hungary, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, and parts of Italy, Montenegro, Poland, Romania, Serbia and Ukraine. He became the pretender to the former thrones, Head of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine, and Sovereign of the Order of the Golden Fleece in 1922, upon the death of his father. 
The Strokes are an American rock band from New York City. Formed in 1998, the band is composed of singer Julian Casablancas, lead guitarist Nick Valensi, rhythm guitarist Albert Hammond Jr., bassist Nikolai Fraiture, and drummer Fabrizio Moretti. Following the conclusion of five-album deals with RCA and Rough Trade, the band has continued to release new music through Casablancas' Cult Records.
Roy Sydney George Hattersley, Baron Hattersley, PC, FRSL (born 28 December 1932), is a British Labour politician, author and journalist from Sheffield. He was MP for Birmingham Sparkbrook for 33 years from 1964 to 1997. He served as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party from 1983 to 1992.
Sir Edward Sabine (; 14 October 1788 – 26 June 1883) was an Irish astronomer, geophysicist, ornithologist, explorer, soldier and the 30th president of the Royal Society.
The Allman Brothers Band was an American rock band formed in Macon, Georgia, in 1969 by brothers Duane Allman  and Gregg Allman , as well as Dickey Betts , Berry Oakley , Butch Trucks , and Jai Johanny "Jaimoe" Johanson . The band incorporated elements of blues, jazz, and country music, and their live shows featured jam band-style improvisation and instrumentals.
Ferdinand VI (; 23 September 1713 – 10 August 1759), called the Learned  and the Just , King of Spain from 9 July 1746 until his death in 1759, was the third ruler of the Spanish Bourbon dynasty. He was the fourth son of the previous monarch Philip V and his first wife Maria Luisa of Savoy.
Pimlico is an affluent area of Central London in the City of Westminster. Like neighbouring Belgravia, of which it was built as a southern extension, Pimlico is known for its garden squares and Regency architecture.
Dewsbury is a minster town in the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees, in West Yorkshire, England. It is to the west of Wakefield, east of Huddersfield and south of Leeds. It lies by the River Calder and an arm of the Calder and Hebble Navigation.
Heineken N.V.  is a Dutch brewing company, founded in 1864 by Gerard Adriaan Heineken in Amsterdam. As of 2017, Heineken owns over 165 breweries in more than 70 countries. 
Zwingle is a city in Dubuque and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 91 at the 2010 census, down from 100 at the 2000 census.
Lu Verne is a city in Humboldt and Kossuth counties in the U.S. state of Iowa. The population was 261 at the 2010 census.
Sheldon is a city in O'Brien and Sioux counties in the U.S. state of Iowa, along the Floyd River. The population was 5,188 at the 2010 census; it is the largest city in O'Brien County.
Oakley is a city in Gove, Logan, and Thomas counties in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is the county seat of Logan County. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,045.
Germantown is a home rule-class city in Bracken and Mason counties in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The population was 154 at the 2010 census.
Duson is a town in Acadia and Lafayette parishes in the U.S. state of Louisiana. The population was 1,716 at the 2010 census. 
Queen Anne is a town in Queen Anne's and Talbot counties in the U.S. state of Maryland. The population was 222 at the 2010 census.
Sartell is a city in Benton and Stearns counties in the state of Minnesota that straddles both sides of the Mississippi River. It is part of the St. Cloud Metropolitan Statistical Area. 
Osakis  is a city in Douglas and Todd counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The population was 1,740 at the 2010 census.
New Prague  is a city in Scott and Le Sueur counties in the state of Minnesota. The population was 7,321 at the 2010 census.
Centreville is a town in Amite and Wilkinson counties, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,684 at the 2010 census. It is part of the McComb, Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Crowder is a town in Panola and Quitman counties in the state of Mississippi. The population was 766 at the 2000 census.
Scott City is a city in Cape Girardeau and Scott counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. The population was 4,565 at the 2010 census. 
Gilman City is a city in Daviess and Harrison counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. The population was 383 at the 2010 census.
Miner is a city in Mississippi and Scott counties in the U.S. state of Missouri. It borders the city of Sikeston to the east. The population was 984 at the 2010 census.
Rhodhiss is a town in Caldwell and Burke counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The population was 1,070 at the 2010 census, up from 366 at the 2000 census. 
Sharpsburg is a town in Edgecombe, Nash, and Wilson counties, North Carolina, United States. It is part of the Rocky Mount, North Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 2,024 at the 2010 Census.
Elkin is a town in Surry and Wilkes counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina, along the Yadkin River. Elkin shares its name with the surrounding township of Elkin Township. The population was 4,001 at the 2010 census.
Milford is a city in Clermont and Hamilton counties founded in 1796, in the U.S. state of Ohio, along the Little Miami River and its East Fork in the southwestern part of the state. It is considered a city in Greater Cincinnati. 
Frederick III (; 18 March 1609 – 9 February 1670) was king of Denmark and Norway from 1648 until his death in 1670. He also governed under the name Frederick II as diocesan administrator  of the Prince-Bishopric of Verden (1623–29 and again 1634–44), and the Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen (1635–45).
Norton is a city in Summit and Wayne counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 12,085 at the 2010 census.
Davis is a city in Garvin and Murray counties in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The population was 2,683 at the 2010 census.
Ware Shoals is a town in Abbeville, Greenwood, and Laurens counties in the U.S. state of South Carolina, along the Saluda River. The population was 2,170 at the 2010 census.
Fountain Inn is a city in Greenville and Laurens counties in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The population was 7,799 at the 2010 census, up from 6,017 in 2000. It is part of the Greenville–Mauldin–Easley Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Goodlettsville is a city in Davidson and Sumner counties, Tennessee. Goodlettsville was incorporated as a city in 1958 with a population of just over 3,000 residents; at the 2010 census, the city had a total population of 15,921 and in 2015 the population was 16,994. 
Spring Hill is a city in Maury and Williamson counties, Tennessee, located approximately south of Nashville. Spring Hill's population as of 2018 was 40,436.
Valley Mills is a city in Bosque and McLennan counties in central Texas, United States. The population was 1,203 at the 2010 census.
Frisco is a city in Collin and Denton counties in Texas. It is part of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, and is approximately from both Dallas Love Field and Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.
Combine is a city in Dallas and Kaufman counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 1,942 at the 2010 census.
Westlake is a town in Denton and Tarrant Counties in the U.S. state of Texas and an upscale suburb of Fort Worth. The population is 992 as of the 2010 United States Census.
Streetman is a town in Freestone and Navarro counties in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census the population was 247, up from 203 at the 2000 census.
Mabank  is a town in Henderson and Kaufman counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 3,035 at the 2010 census, up from 2,151 at the 2000 census.
Ingleside is a city in Nueces and San Patricio counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 9,387 at the 2010 census.
Round Rock is a city in the U.S. state of Texas, in Williamson County , which is a part of the Greater Austin, Texas metropolitan area. The population was 99,887 at the 2010 census.
Saltville is a town in Smyth and Washington counties in the U.S. state of Virginia. The population was 2,077 at the 2010 census. 
Nitro is a city in Kanawha and Putnam counties in the State of West Virginia, United States, along the Kanawha River. The population was 7,178 at the 2010 census.
Howard Staunton (1810 – 22 June 1874) was an English chess master who is generally regarded as having been the world's strongest player from 1843 to 1851, largely as a result of his 1843 victory over Pierre Charles Fournier de Saint-Amant. He promoted a chess set of clearly distinguishable pieces of standardised shape—the Staunton pattern promulgated by Nathaniel Cooke—that is still the style required for competitions. 
NewTek, Inc. is a San Antonio, Texas–based hardware and software company that produces live and post-production video tools and visual imaging software for personal computers. The company was founded in 1985 in Topeka, Kansas, United States, by Tim Jenison and Paul Montgomery. 
Kyrenia  is a city on the northern coast of Cyprus, noted for its historic harbour and castle. It is under the "de facto" control of Northern Cyprus.
The Nullarbor Plain  is part of the area of flat, almost treeless, arid or semi-arid country of southern Australia, located on the Great Australian Bight coast with the Great Victoria Desert to its north. It is the world's largest single exposure of limestone bedrock, and occupies an area of about . At its widest point, it stretches about from east to west across the border between South Australia and Western Australia.
Ossett is a market town within the metropolitan district of the City of Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it is halfway between Dewsbury, to the west, and Wakefield, to the east. 
Virginia Dare (born August 18, 1587 in Roanoke Colony, date of death unknown) was the first English child born in a New World English overseas possession. Her parents were Ananias Dare and Eleanor White .
Trans World Airlines  was a major American airline that existed from 1930 until 2001. It was formed as Transcontinental & Western Air to operate a route from New York City to Los Angeles via St. Louis, Kansas City, and other stops, with Ford Trimotors. 
Sopot  is a seaside resort city in Eastern Pomerania on the southern coast of the Baltic Sea in northern Poland, with a population of approximately 40,000.
Zsa Zsa Gabor ( ; ; born Sári Gábor ; February 6, 1917 – December 18, 2016) was a Hungarian-American actress and socialite. Her sisters were actresses Eva and Magda Gabor.
Barbara Jane Horrocks (born 18 January 1964) is an English actress, voice artist, musician and singer, who played the roles of Bubble and Katy Grin in the BBC sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous" (1992–2016). 
Edmund the Martyr (also known as St Edmund or Edmund of East Anglia, died 20 November 869) was king of East Anglia from about 855 until his death.
Valence  is a commune in southeastern France, the capital of the Drôme department and within the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is situated on the left bank of the Rhône, about south of Lyon, along the railway line that runs from Paris to Marseille.
The River Hamble is a river in Hampshire, England. It rises near Bishop's Waltham and flows for some 7.5 miles (12 km) through Botley, Bursledon, and Swanwick before entering Southampton Water near Hamble-le-Rice and Warsash.
Conisbrough is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster, in South Yorkshire, England. It is roughly midway between Doncaster and Rotherham, and is built alongside the River Don at . 
Lucius Aelius Sejanus, alternatively spelled Seianus (June 3, 20 BC – October 18, AD 31), commonly known as Sejanus , was an ambitious soldier, friend and confidant of the Roman Emperor Tiberius. An equestrian by birth, Sejanus rose to power as prefect of the Roman imperial bodyguard, known as the Praetorian Guard, of which he was commander from AD 14 until his death in AD 31.
Thomas Merton (January 31, 1915 – December 10, 1968) was an American Trappist monk, writer, theologian, mystic, poet, social activist, and scholar of comparative religion. On May 26, 1949, he was ordained to the priesthood and given the name Father Louis.
Pauline Viardot (; 18 July 1821 – 18 May 1910) was a leading nineteenth-century French mezzo-soprano, pedagogue, and composer of Spanish descent.
Ripon College is a private liberal arts college in Ripon, Wisconsin. As of the 2017–18 academic year, Ripon College's student body stood at around 800, the majority of whom live on campus. 
Liam Cosgrave (13 April 1920 – 4 October 2017) was an Irish Fine Gael politician who served as Taoiseach from 1973 to 1977, Leader of Fine Gael from 1965 to 1977, Leader of the Opposition from 1965 to 1973, Minister for External Affairs from 1954 to 1957, Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Industry and Commerce and Government Chief Whip from 1948 to 1951. He served as a Teachta Dála  from 1943 to 1981.
John Bird Sumner (25 February 1780 – 6 September 1862) was a bishop in the Church of England and Archbishop of Canterbury.
Truman Garcia Capote (; born Truman Streckfus Persons, September 30, 1924 – August 25, 1984) was an American novelist, short story writer, screenwriter, playwright, and actor. Several of his short stories, novels, and plays have been praised as literary classics, including the novella "Breakfast at Tiffany's" (1958) and the true crime novel "In Cold Blood" (1966), which he labeled a "nonfiction novel." 
Flavio Cotti (born 18 October 1939, in Prato-Sornico) is a Swiss politician.
Ernst Brugger (10 March 1914, Bellinzona – 20 June 1998) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1969–1978).
Paul Chaudet (17 November 1904, Rivaz – 7 August 1977) was a Swiss politician.
The Kingdom of Lindsey or Linnuis  was a lesser Anglo-Saxon kingdom, which was absorbed into Northumbria in the 7th century.
Rodolphe Rubattel (4 September 1896 – 18 October 1961), was a Swiss politician.
Paul Tortelier (21 March 1914 – 18 December 1990) was a French cellist and composer.
Friedrich Traugott Wahlen (10 April 1899, Mirchel, Canton of Bern – 7 November 1985, Bern) was a Swiss agronomist and politician.
Carl Henry Vogt (February 19, 1895 – May 12, 1956), known professionally as Louis Calhern, was an American stage and screen actor. For portraying Oliver Wendell Holmes in the film "The Magnificent Yankee" (1950), he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
Yaa Asantewaa (October 17, 1840 – October 17, 1921) the queen mother of Ejisu in the Ashanti Empirenow part of modern-day Ghana, appointed by her brother Nana Akwasi Afrane Opese, the Edwesuhene, or ruler, of Edwesu. In 1900 she led the Ashanti war known as the War of the Golden Stool, also known as the Yaa Asantewaa war, against British colonialism.
Edwin Mattison McMillan (September 18, 1907 – September 7, 1991) was an American physicist and Nobel laureate credited with being the first-ever to produce a transuranium element, neptunium. For this, he shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Glenn Seaborg in 1951.
Karl Schwarzschild (; 9 October 1873 – 11 May 1916) was a German physicist and astronomer. He was also the father of astrophysicist Martin Schwarzschild.
Victor Lonzo Fleming (February 23, 1889 – January 6, 1949) was an American film director, cinematographer, and producer. His most popular films were "The Wizard of Oz" (1939), and "Gone with the Wind" (1939), for which he won an Academy Award for Best Director. 
War  is an American funk band from Long Beach, California, known for several hit songs .
John Zachary DeLorean (January 6, 1925 – March 19, 2005) was an American engineer, inventor and executive in the U.S. automobile industry, widely known for his work at General Motors and as founder of the DeLorean Motor Company.
Queenstown  is a resort town in Otago in the south-west of New Zealand's South Island. It has an urban population of making it the 27th-largest urban area in New Zealand. In 2016, Queenstown overtook Oamaru to become the second-largest urban area in Otago, behind Dunedin.
Donald Carl Johanson (born June 28, 1943) is an American paleoanthropologist. He is known for discovering – with Yves Coppens and Maurice Taieb – the fossil of a female hominin australopithecine known as "Lucy" in the Afar Triangle region of Hadar, Ethiopia.
Fairport Convention are a British folk rock band, formed in 1967 by Richard Thompson , Simon Nicol , Ashley Hutchings , and Shaun Frater , with Frater replaced by Martin Lamble after their first gig. They started out heavily influenced by American folk rock and singer-songwriter material, with a setlist dominated by covers of Bob Dylan and Joni Mitchell songs and a sound that earned them the nickname “the British Jefferson Airplane.” 
Count was a Japanese politician. He was the 23rd Prime Minister of Japan from 7 January 1924 to 11 June 1924, during the period which historians have called the "Taishō Democracy".
George Hunt Pendleton (July 19, 1825November 24, 1889) was an American politician and lawyer. He represented Ohio in both houses of Congress and served as the Democratic nominee for Vice President of the United States in 1864.
Tamworth is a city and the major regional centre in the New England region of northern New South Wales, Australia. Situated on the Peel River within the local government area of Tamworth Regional Council, about 318 km from the Queensland border, it is located almost midway between Brisbane and Sydney. According to the 2016 Census, the city had a population around 60,000.
Def Leppard are an English rock band formed in 1977 in Sheffield as part of the new wave of British heavy metal movement. Since 1992, the band has consisted of Joe Elliott , Rick Savage , Rick Allen , Phil Collen , and Vivian Campbell . This is the band's longest lasting line-up.
Zog I, King of the Albanians (, ; 8 October 18959 April 1961), born Ahmet Muhtar Zogolli, taking the surname Zogu in 1922, was the leader of Albania from 1922 to 1939. He first served as Prime Minister of Albania (1922–1924), then as President (1925–1928), and finally as the first and only King (1928–1939).
Dinant  is a Walloon city and municipality located on the River Meuse, in the Belgian province of Namur. It lies south-east of Brussels, south-east of Charleroi and south of Namur. Dinant is situated north of the border with France.
John Gower (; c. 1330 – October 1408) was an English poet, a contemporary of William Langland and the Pearl Poet, and a personal friend of Geoffrey Chaucer. He is remembered primarily for three major works, the "Mirour de l'Omme", "Vox Clamantis", and "Confessio Amantis", three long poems written in French, Latin, and English respectively, which are united by common moral and political themes.
West Norwood is a largely residential area of south London within the London Borough of Lambeth, located 5.4 miles (8.7 km) south south-east of Charing Cross.
Athina Hélène Onassis , January 29, 1985) is a French-Greek heiress and equestrian, the only surviving descendant of Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis, and the only child of Aristotle's daughter Christina Onassis.
Mikhail Vasilyevich Ostrogradsky  (, , September 24, 1801 – January 1, 1862) was a Russian mathematician, mechanician and physicist of Ukrainian descent. Ostrogradsky was a student of Timofei Osipovsky and is considered to be a disciple of Leonhard Euler and one of the leading mathematicians of Imperial Russia.
Roberta Cleopatra Flack (born February 10, 1937) is an American singer. She is known for her #1 singles "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face", "Killing Me Softly with His Song" and "Feel Like Makin' Love", and for "Where Is the Love" and "The Closer I Get to You", two of her many duets with Donny Hathaway.
Princess Beatrice of York (Beatrice Elizabeth Mary; born 8 August 1988) is a member of the British royal family. She is the elder daughter of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Sarah, Duchess of York. 
Shirley Vivian Teresa Brittain Williams, Baroness Williams of Crosby, ("née" Catlin; born 27 July 1930), is a British politician and academic who represents the Liberal Democrats. Originally a Labour Member of Parliament  and Cabinet Minister, she was one of the 'Gang of Four' rebels who founded the Social Democratic Party  in 1981.
Ronald Erwin McNair (October 21, 1950 – January 28, 1986) was an American NASA astronaut and physicist. He died during the launch of the Space Shuttle "Challenger" on mission STS-51-L, in which he was serving as one of three mission specialists in a crew of seven.
Drammen is a city in Buskerud, Norway. The port and river city of Drammen is centrally located in the eastern and most populated part of Norway. Drammen is the capital of the county of Buskerud.
Anfield is a football stadium in Anfield, Liverpool, England, which has a seating capacity of 54,074, making it the seventh largest football stadium in England. It has been the home of Liverpool FC since their formation in 1892. 
Suzanna Arundhati Roy (born 24 November 1961) is an Indian author best known for her novel "The God of Small Things" (1997), which won the Man Booker Prize for Fiction in 1997 and became the biggest-selling book by a non-expatriate Indian author. She is also a political activist involved in human rights and environmental causes.
Cambridge (2016 population 129,920) is a city in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. It is located at the confluence of the Grand and Speed rivers. 
Jakob Friedrich Fries (; 23 August 1773 – 10 August 1843) was a German post-Kantian philosopher. 
Gonesse is a commune in the north-eastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the centre of Paris.
The Merseybeats  are a band that emerged from the Liverpool Merseybeat scene in the early 1960s, performing at the Cavern Club along with the Beatles, Gerry and the Pacemakers, and other similar artists.
Oberhausen  is a city on the river Emscher in the Ruhr Area, Germany, located between Duisburg and Essen . The city hosts the International Short Film Festival Oberhausen and its Gasometer Oberhausen is an anchor point of the European Route of Industrial Heritage.
Donald Oscar Pederson (September 30, 1925 – December 25, 2004) was an American professor of electrical engineering at the University of California, Berkeley, and one of the designers of SPICE, a simulator for integrated circuits that has been universally used as a teaching tool and in the everyday work of circuits engineers. The IEEE Donald O. Pederson Award in Solid-State Circuits is named in his honor.
Roxanne Shante (born Lolita Shanté Gooden; November 9, 1969) is an American hip hop musician and rapper. Born and raised in the Queensbridge Projects of Queens, New York City, Shante first gained attention through the Roxanne Wars and was part of the Juice Crew. 
iHeartMedia, Inc., formerly CC Media Holdings, Inc., is an American mass media corporation headquartered in San Antonio, Texas. It is the holding company of iHeartCommunications, Inc. , a company founded by Lowry Mays and B. J. "Red" McCombs in 1972, and later taken private by Bain Capital, LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners through a leveraged buyout in 2008. 
Natalie Louise Maines (born October 14, 1974) is an American singer-songwriter and activist who achieved success as the lead vocalist for the female country band the Dixie Chicks. Born in Lubbock, Texas, Maines considers herself a rebel who "loved not thinking in the way I knew the majority of people thought."
Alfred Hellmuth Andersch (4 February 1914 – 21 February 1980) was a German writer, publisher, and radio editor. The son of a conservative East Prussian army officer, he was born in Munich, Germany and died in Berzona, Ticino, Switzerland. 
Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg (30 November 1719 – 8 February 1772) was Princess of Wales by marriage to Frederick, Prince of Wales. She was one of only four Princesses of Wales who never became queen consort, as her eldest son succeeded her father-in-law as George III of the United Kingdom in 1760 rather than her spouse, who had died nine years earlier. Augusta was presumptive regent of Great Britain in the event of a regency between the death of her spouse in 1751, until the majority of her son in 1756, though in the event her father-in-law, George II, lived until 1760.
Steinfurt is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the district of Steinfurt.
Rugby is a market town in Warwickshire, England, close to the River Avon. The town has a population of 70,628
The Songhua River  is one of the primary rivers of China, and the largest tributary of the Amur River. It flows about from the Changbai Mountains on the China–North Korea border through China's northeastern Jilin and Heilongjiang provinces. The river drains of land, and has an annual discharge of .
William Frederick Durst (born August 20, 1970) is an American musician and film director. Durst is best known as the vocalist of the American rap rock band Limp Bizkit, formed in 1994, with whom he has released six studio albums. 
Milos or Melos is a volcanic Greek island in the Aegean Sea, just north of the Sea of Crete. Milos is the southwesternmost island in the Cyclades group.
The Baha Men are a Bahamian band playing a modernized style of Bahamian music called junkanoo. They are best known for their Grammy Award winning hit song "Who Let the Dogs Out?".
Michael Joseph Piazza (; born September 4, 1968) is a former American professional baseball catcher who played 16 seasons in Major League Baseball , from 1992 to 2007. He played most notably for the New York Mets and Los Angeles Dodgers, while also having brief stints with the Florida Marlins, San Diego Padres, and Oakland Athletics. 
Herford  is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located in the lowlands between the hill chains of the Wiehen Hills and the Teutoburg Forest. It is the capital of the district of Herford.
Christian Thomasius (1 January 1655 – 23 September 1728) was a German jurist and philosopher.
Lothair II (835 – ) was the king of Lotharingia from 855 until his death. He was the second son of Emperor Lothair I and Ermengarde of Tours. He was married to Teutberga (died 875), daughter of Boso the Elder.
Chiltern Railways is a British train operating company owned by Arriva UK Trains that has operated the Chiltern Railways franchise since July 1996. It operates commuter/regional rail passenger services from its Central London terminus at London Marylebone along the M40 corridor to destinations in Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire and Warwickshire, as well as long-distance services to the West Midlands along two routes. Services on the Chiltern Main Line run from London Marylebone to , and , with some peak-hour services to .
Jerash  is the capital and the largest city of Jerash Governorate, Jordan, with a population of 50,745 as of 2015. It is located north of the capital of Jordan, Amman.
Jaime Alfonso Escalante Gutierrez (December 31, 1930 – March 30, 2010) was a Bolivian-born American educator known for teaching students calculus from 1974 to 1991 at Garfield High School in East Los Angeles. Escalante was the subject of the 1988 film, "Stand and Deliver", in which he is portrayed by Edward James Olmos.
Sidney Olcott (September 20, 1872 – December 16, 1949) was a Canadian-born film producer, director, actor and screenwriter.
Captain Frederick Marryat (10 July 1792 – 9 August 1848) was a Royal Navy officer, a novelist, and an acquaintance of Charles Dickens. He is noted today as an early pioneer of the sea story, particularly for his semi-autobiographical novel "Mr Midshipman Easy" (1836), for his children's novel "The Children of the New Forest" (1847), and for a widely used system of maritime flag signalling known as Marryat's Code.
Gloria Laura Vanderbilt (February 20, 1924 – June 17, 2019) was an American artist, author, actress, fashion designer, heiress, and socialite. She was a member of the Vanderbilt family of New York and the mother of CNN television anchor Anderson Cooper.
Gwyneth Patricia Dunwoody (née Phillips; 12 December 1930 – 17 April 2008) was a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament  for Exeter from 1966 to 1970, and then for Crewe  from February 1974 to her death in 2008. She was a moderate socialist had a reputation as a fiercely independent parliamentarian, described as "intelligent, obstinate, opinionated and hard-working".
Alexander Andrew Mackay Irvine, Baron Irvine of Lairg (born 23 June 1940), known as Derry Irvine, is a Scottish lawyer, judge, and political figure who served as Lord Chancellor under his former pupil barrister, Tony Blair.
Pomona College is a private liberal arts college in Claremont, California. It was founded in 1887 by a group of Congregationalists who wanted to recreate a "college of the New England type" in Southern California, and in the 1920s, it became the founding member of the Claremont Colleges consortium.
The Gulf of Bothnia  is the northernmost arm of the Baltic Sea. It is situated between Finland's west coast and Sweden's east coast. In the south of the gulf lie the Åland Islands, between the Sea of Åland and the Archipelago Sea.
Maurice Gee (born 22 August 1931 in Whakatane, Bay of Plenty Region) is a New Zealand novelist.
Real McCoy is a German Eurodance and Pop music project best known for hit singles "Another Night", "Automatic Lover ", "Run Away," "Love & Devotion," "Come and Get Your Love", "One More Time" and the multi-platinum album "Another Night". 
Mary Loretta Landrieu ( ; born November 23, 1955) is an American politician, entrepreneur, and former U.S. Senator from the state of Louisiana. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
Ethel Ruby Keeler (August 25, 1909 – February 28, 1993) was a Canadian-born American actress, dancer and singer most famous for her on-screen pairing with Dick Powell in a string of successful early musicals at Warner Brothers, particularly "42nd Street" (1933). From 1928 to 1940, she was married to actor and singer Al Jolson. 
Peter Norman Fowler, Baron Fowler, (born 2 February 1938), is a British politician who was a member of Margaret Thatcher's ministry. He became Lord Speaker in September 2016.
Thomas Birch (23 November 1705 – 9 January 1766) was an English historian.
Jarrow  is a town in north-east England, located on the River Tyne. Historically part of County Durham, in 1974 it became part of the metropolitan county of Tyne and Wear.
Anna Maria Magnani (; 7 March 1908 – 26 September 1973) was an Italian stage and film actress. She won the Academy Award for Best Actress, along with four other international awards, for her portrayal of a Sicilian widow in "The Rose Tattoo".
Selbach mac Ferchair (died 730) was king of the Cenél Loairn and of Dál Riata. Selbach's existence is well-attested as he is mentioned repeatedly in Irish annals.
Ainbcellach mac Ferchair was king of the Cenél Loairn of Dál Riata, and perhaps of all Dál Riata, from 697 until 698, when he was deposed and exiled to Ireland.
Paul Harrington  is an Irish musician, who, with Charlie McGettigan, won the Eurovision Song Contest for Ireland in 1994.
Simon Marius (Latinized from German "Simon Mayr"; January 20, 1573 – January 5, 1625) was a German astronomer. He was born in Gunzenhausen, near Nuremberg, but he spent most of his life in the city of Ansbach. 
Arthur Joseph Griffith (; 31 March 1871 – 12 August 1922) was an Irish writer, newspaper editor and politician who founded the political party Sinn Féin. He led the Irish delegation at the negotiations that produced the 1921 Anglo-Irish Treaty, and served as President of Dáil Éireann from January 1922 until his death in August 1922.
Penelope Spheeris (born December 2, 1945 or 1946; sources differ) is an American film director, producer and screenwriter. She has directed both documentary film and scripted films. 
Os Mutantes  are an influential Brazilian psychedelic rock band that were linked with the Tropicália movement of the late 1960s.
Gherman Stepanovich Titov (; 11 September 1935 – 20 September 2000) was a Soviet cosmonaut who, on 6 August 1961, became the second human to orbit the Earth, aboard Vostok 2, preceded by Yuri Gagarin on Vostok 1. He was the fourth person in space, counting suborbital voyages of US astronauts Alan Shepard and Gus Grissom.
Victorien Sardou (5 September 18318 November 1908) was a French dramatist. He is best remembered today for his development, along with Eugène Scribe, of the well-made play. He also wrote several plays that were made into popular 19th-century operas such as "La Tosca" (1887) on which Giacomo Puccini's opera "Tosca" (1900) is based, and "Fédora" (1882) and "Madame Sans-Gêne" (1893) that provided the subjects for the lyrical dramas "Fedora" (1898) and "Madame Sans-Gêne" (1915) by Umberto Giordano.
The Ruby Suns are an indie/pop group from New Zealand. They formed in 2004 when Californian Ryan McPhun moved to Auckland and started playing in several bands such as The Brunettes, The Tokey Tones, and The Reduction Agents.
Laverton Airport is an airport in Laverton, Western Australia. The airport received $171,314 for security upgrades in 2006.
The Conwy Valley Railway Museum  is located at Betws-y-Coed railway station, Betws-y-Coed, North Wales, on the site of the old railway goods yard.
The Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine  is a private graduate school of medicine, dentistry, and pharmacy with a main campus in Erie, Pennsylvania, and branch campuses located in Greensburg, Pennsylvania and Bradenton, Florida. Founded in 1992, LECOM confers degrees in osteopathic medicine , pharmacy , and dentistry , as well as master's degrees in Health Services Administration, Biomedical Sciences, and Medical Education. 
Eoin Reddan (born Limerick, Ireland, 20 November 1980) is an Irish rugby union player who plays at scrum half. He initially attended the Jesuit boarding school, Clongowes Wood, before moving school to Crescent College Comprehensive where he captained the school side. 
Meekatharra Airport is an airport in Meekatharra, Western Australia.
Mornington Island Airport is an airport on Mornington Island, Queensland, Australia. In 2006 the airport received $200,853 in funds to improve security.
Orange Regional Airport is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales between the city of Orange and the town of Blayney. It is located in the area known as Huntley, near Spring Hill and approximately from Orange's business district.
Udo Walendy, born 21 January 1927, in Berlin, is a German author, historian, former soldier, and Holocaust denier, who, like Gerd Schultze-Rhonhof, also disputes Germany's guilt for the Second World War.
Marielle Goitschel (born 28 September 1945 in Sainte-Maxime) is a former French alpine skier. Marielle is the younger sister of Christine Goitschel, another champion skier of the time, and the aunt of speed skier Philippe Goitschel.
Cessoy-en-Montois is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region.
Champcenest is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Port Hedland International Airport is an airport serving Port Hedland, Western Australia. The airport is south-east of Port Hedland and from South Hedland and is owned by the Town of Port Hedland Council. 
Victoria River Downs Airport is an airport in Victoria River Downs, Northern Territory, Australia.
Yorke Island Airport is an airport in Yorke Island, Queensland, Australia.
Couiza is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
Balkh University  is a public university located in Mazar-i-Sharif, capital of Balkh Province in northern Afghanistan. Established in 1986, the university has about 5,500 students and is the third-largest in Afghanistan after Kabul University and Nangarhar University. 
KNEV is a commercial radio station located in Reno, Nevada, broadcasting on 95.5 FM. KNEV airs a classic hip hop music format branded as "95.5 The Vibe". 
Ulrika "Ulla" Fredrica Pasch (10 July 1735 in Stockholm – 2 April 1796 in Stockholm), was a Swedish rococo painter and miniaturist, and a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts.
Andrew Jackson Transue (January 12, 1903 – June 24, 1995) was a politician and attorney from the U.S. state of Michigan.
The Charadros  is a river in the northern part of Achaea, Greece. Its course lies entirely within the municipality of Patras. 
Maria Anna of Savoy (; 19 September 1803 – 4 May 1884) was Empress of Austria and Queen of Hungary  by marriage to Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria.
Trittenheim on the Middle Moselle is an "Ortsgemeinde" – a municipality belonging to a "Verbandsgemeinde", a kind of collective municipality – in the Trier-Saarburg district (before January 2012: Bernkastel-Wittlich district) in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Fortza Paris  is a regionalist political party in Sardinia.
YESCO is a privately owned manufacturer of electric signs based in Salt Lake City, founded by Thomas Young in 1920. The company provides design, fabrication, installation and maintenance of signs.
The Christian Democrats for the Republic  was a Christian-democratic political party in Italy.
The Unitary Socialist Party  was a social-democratic political party in Italy, active from 1922 to 1930.
FSV Budissa Bautzen is a German association football club from Bautzen, Saxony. Founded as "Fußball Klub Budissa Bautzen" on 24 May 1904, the club was part of East German competition after World War II.
Marcel Artelesa (2 July 1938 – 23 September 2016) was a French footballer who played as a defender. He played for France in the 1966 FIFA World Cup in England.
Bankfoot Athletic Football Club were a Scottish junior football club based in Bankfoot, near Perth. 
Gerli Padar (born 6 November 1979) is an Estonian singer and actress. She represented Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2007.
High Country News is an independent non-profit news media source that publishes a magazine, website and other works. The staff covers issues facing the Western United States, and includes a tribal affairs desk. 
Zuzenhausen is a municipality in Baden-Württemberg and is part of the Rhein-Neckar-Kreis.
Hefei University of Technology  is a major and key university in China, with particular strength in Engineering and Management Science. Located in Hefei, the capital of the Anhui Province, it is also a Chinese Ministry of Education Double First Class Discipline University, with Double First Class status in certain disciplines.
The New England-Acadian forests are a temperate broadleaf and mixed forest ecoregion that includes a variety of habitats on the hills, mountains and plateaus of New England in the Northeastern United States and Quebec and the Maritime Provinces of Eastern Canada.
Elliot Minor were a rock band from York, England. The group consists of Alex Davies , Ed Minton , Dan Hetherton  and Ed Hetherton .
Majadahonda  is a municipality in Spain, situated 16 km northwest of Madrid, in the Community of Madrid.
Midlands Technical College is a public technical college with multiple locations in the Richland, Lexington, and Fairfield counties of South Carolina. The college is one of South Carolina’s largest two-year colleges with approximately 16,000 students. 
Dieter-Klaus Hecking (; born 12 September 1964) is a German football manager for Hamburger SV and former professional player. He played for Hannover 96 and Eintracht Braunschweig. 
Johann Philipp (Torgau, 25 January 1597 – Altenburg, 1 April 1639), was a duke of Saxe-Altenburg.
Davey Lee Armstrong (born June 9, 1956 in Puyallup, Washington) is a retired boxer from the United States.
Princess Josephine Friederike Luise of Baden (21 October 1813 – 19 June 1900) was born at Mannheim, the second daughter of Charles, Grand Duke of Baden and his wife, Stéphanie de Beauharnais. Through her eldest son, Leopold, she is the ancestress of the Romanian royal family and the Yugoslav Royal family. 
James Key (born 14 January 1972) is a British engineer who works in Formula One.
Richard Pearse Airport , also known as Timaru Airport, is located off the Pleasant Point HWY, 4 km north of the suburb Washdyke in Timaru, New Zealand.
The Global Development And Environment Institute  is a research center at Tufts University founded in 1993. GDAE works to promote a better understanding of how societies can pursue their economic and community goals in an environmentally and socially sustainable manner. 
Mike Lindemann Jensen (born 19 February 1988 in Herlev) is a Danish footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for the Norwegian football club Rosenborg.
Athos Range  is the northernmost range in the Prince Charles Mountains of Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica. 
Melissa Ivy Rauch (born June 23, 1980) is an American actress. She is known for playing Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz on the CBS sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" for which she garnered a nomination for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series in 2013.
Kressbronn am Bodensee is a commune and a village in the district of Bodensee in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It lies on Lake Constance.
Horben is a village in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Khandbari is the district headquarters of Sankhuwasabha District in Kosi Zone of north-eastern Nepal. The 2011 Nepal census counted 26,301 population.
Mercedes-Benz India Pvt Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Daimler AG founded in 1994, with headquarters in Pune, Maharashtra, India.
Frickenhausen is a town in the district of Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Abdul Sattar Abu Risha  – Sheikh Abdul Sattar Eftikhan al-Rishawi الشيخ عبد الستار افتيخان الريشاوي – (born 1972 – September 13, 2007) was a high-profile Iraqi tribal sheikh of the Abu-Risha tribe. He was the leader of an alliance of Iraqi Sunni Arab tribes that opposed al-Qaeda in Iraq.
Red Hour Productions is an American film production company operated by actor Ben Stiller and producer Stuart Cornfeld. In the past, Red Hour has had first-look deals with New Line Cinema, and currently has an exclusive first-look feature deal with 20th Century Fox.
The Presbyterian University College, Ghana is a partially private & public university located at Abetifi-Kwahu in the Eastern Region of Ghana. It is one of the new universities in Ghana granted accreditation by the National Accreditation Board. 
Neuhausen ob Eck is a town in the district of Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.
Klettgau is a municipality in the district of Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is the centre of the "Klettgau" historical region stretching across the Swiss border into the cantons of Aargau, Schaffhausen and Zürich.
Colmberg is a municipality in the district of Ansbach in Bavaria in Germany. Colmberg is the site of Colmberg Castle , built in the 13th century and purchased in 1318 by Duke Frederick IV of Nuremberg. The town is located in Nature Park Frankenhöhe.
Stockstadt am Main  is a market community in the Aschaffenburg district in the "Regierungsbezirk" of Lower Franconia  in Bavaria, Germany.
Friedrich August Eberhard von Mackensen (24 September 1889 – 19 May 1969) was a German general of the Wehrmacht during World War II who served as commander of the 1st Panzer Army and the 14th Army, and was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. Following the war, Mackensen stood trial for war crimes before a British military tribunal in Italy where he was convicted and sentenced to death, however the sentence was later commuted and Mackensen was released in 1952, and died in West Germany in 1969.
Limeyrat is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.
Maewo-Naone Airport is an airport on Maewo in Vanuatu.
The International Association for Analytical Psychology  is the international accrediting and regulatory body for all Jungian societies and groups of analytical psychology practitioners, trainees and affiliates. Analytical psychology was founded by Carl Gustav Jung.
Neukirchen is a municipality in the district of Cham in Bavaria in Germany.
WTKW ("TK99") is a classic rock radio station in Bridgeport, New York. The station broadcasts to the Syracuse, New York market on a frequency of 99.5 FM.
Zeine Ould Zeidane  (born 1966) is a Mauritanian economist and politician. He placed third as a candidate in the March 2007 presidential election, and he subsequently served as Prime Minister from April 2007 to May 2008.
The Deua River, being the main perennial river of the Moruya River catchment, is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Prince Anwar Shah Road is a street in South Kolkata. It is named after Prince Gulam Mohammed Anwar Ali Shah, one of Tipu Sultan's 12 sons.
The Great Whale River  is a river in Nunavik, Quebec, Canada. It flows from Lac Saint-Luson through Lac Bienville west to Hudson Bay. 
The British University in Dubai  was established in 2004, and is the Middle East region's first, research based, postgraduate university. 
La Chapelle-Iger is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region north-central France.
The Kennedy/Marshall Company  is an American film-production company, based in Santa Monica, California, founded in 1992 by spouses Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall.
Chauffry is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Jiang Yanjiao (; born 26 June 1986), is a Chinese badminton player from Changzhou. She graduated from the Huaqiao University.
Antonio Rivera Cabezas (b. Guatemala City, died May 8, 1851) was a Liberal Central American lawyer and politician. From July 10, 1823 to October 4, 1823 he was a member of the first executive triumvirate that governed the Federal Republic of Central America. 
WPFM "K-Love" is a commercial radio station located in Panama City, Florida, licensed to broadcast on 107.9 FM. WPFM is owned and operated by Educational Media Foundation and formerly aired a Rhythmic Top 40 music format branded as "Hot 107.9".
Gold Peak Industries  Limited is a Hong Kong-based multinational battery manufacturer established in 1964. They are listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange since 1984. 
Maroldsweisach is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.
Archibald Knox (born 1 May 1947) is a Scottish football player and coach. He was most recently the assistant manager of Aberdeen until leaving the club in March 2013. 
WCKG (1530 AM) is a radio station licensed to Elmhurst, Illinois, United States. The station serves the Chicago area. The station is licensed to Dupage Radio, LLC.
Trapani Calcio, commonly referred to as Trapani, is an Italian football club based in Trapani, Sicily. It currently plays in Serie B.
Inman Valley is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located on the Fleurieu Peninsula about south of the state capital of Adelaide. The valley is about 380 square kilometres in area. At the 2016 census, Inman Valley had a population of 343.
Wirsberg is a municipality in the district of Kulmbach in Bavaria in Germany.
Rottach-Egern  is a municipality  and town located at Lake Tegernsee in the district of Miesbach in Upper Bavaria, Germany, about 35 miles south of central Munich. Late Austrian actor Walter Slezak is buried in this area.
Aschau is a municipality in the district of Mühldorf in Bavaria in Germany. Pope Benedict XVI lived in Aschau with his family from 1932 to 1937.
Opio is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France situated near Grasse.
Oropesa del Mar  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Plana Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Lionel Benedict Nicolson (6 August 1914 – 1978) was a British art historian and author.
FC Prykarpattia Ivano-Frankivsk was a professional Ukrainian football team in the Ukrainian Second League since 2004 till 2012.
General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University  located at Kandawala, Ratmalana, Colombo, is a joint services academy where cadets of the three wings Sri Lanka Army, Sri Lanka Navy and Sri Lanka Air Force are trained before they go for their pre-commission training to their academies. Established in 1980 as the General Sir John Kotelawala Defence Academy, named after General Sir John Kotelawala, 3rd Prime Minister of Ceylon; it was renamed as a university by an amendment bill passed in Parliament on 11 October 2007.
Palma de Gandia  is a municipality in the "comarca" of Safor in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Pentacon is the company name of a camera manufacturer in Dresden, Germany. 
WBBL is a radio station licensed to Whitehall, Michigan. The station broadcasts at 1490 kHz, and is owned by Cumulus Media.
Petronella "Nel" van Vliet (17 January 1926 – 4 January 2006) was a breaststroke swimmer from the Netherlands. She won gold medals in the 200 m breaststroke at the 1947 European Aquatics Championships and 1948 Summer Olympics. In 1973, she was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
Eisenberg is a municipality in the district of Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.
WKZP (95.9 FM) is a radio station serving Salisbury and Ocean City, Maryland, as well as Sussex County, Delaware. The station, known as "KISS 95-9," is licensed to West Ocean City, Maryland. The station is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..
Sceale Bay   is a small town 32 km south of Streaky Bay on the Eyre Peninsula of South Australia. With a permanent population of only 28, the town's numbers increase by threefold over the summer holiday period. 
Nesselwang is a municipality in the district of Ostallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is an oft photographed market town and tourist resort at the foot of the Alps in Allgäu. 
Bad Griesbach is a town in the district of Passau in Bavaria in Germany.
Florence Jebet Kiplagat (born 27 February 1987) is a Kenyan long-distance runner. She is a two-time world champion, having won at the 2009 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and the 2010 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships. 
Dambach-la-Ville  is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.
The Abraaj Group was a private equity firm operating in six continents. The firm was founded by Pakistani businessman Arif Naqvi and was based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The Wood River is a river in the U.S. states of Connecticut and Rhode Island. It flows approximately and is a major tributary of the Pawcatuck River. 
Peter I of Courtenay (September 1126 – 10 April 1183) was the youngest son of Louis VI of France and his second wife, Adélaide de Maurienne. He was the father of the Latin Emperor Peter II of Courtenay.
Deccan College Post-Graduate and Research Institute also referred to as Deccan College is a post-graduate institute of Archeology, Linguistics and Sanskrit & Lexicography Pune, India.
Ahmedou Ould-Abdallah  (born November 21, 1940) is a Mauritanian diplomat who was a senior United Nations official.
Karl-August Graf von Reisach (7 July 1800, in Roth, Bavaria22 December 1869, in the Redemptorist monastery of Contamine, France) was a German Catholic theologian and Cardinal.
Weatherbox is an indie rock band from San Diego, California, led by singer/songwriter Brian Warren and currently composed of Warren and varied touring members.
Sheldon Lee Glashow (; born December 5, 1932) is a Nobel Prize winning American theoretical physicist. He is the Metcalf Professor of Mathematics and Physics at Boston University and Eugene Higgins Professor of Physics, Emeritus, at Harvard University, and is a member of the Board of Sponsors for the "Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists".
Ace of Base was a Swedish pop group, originally consisting of Ulf Ekberg and three siblings: Jonas Berggren, Linn Berggren and Jenny Berggren. The group released four studio albums between 1992 and 2002, which sold more than 30 million copies worldwide, making it the third-most successful Swedish band of all time, after ABBA and Roxette.
Johann Friedrich von Brandt (25 May 1802 – 15 July 1879) was a German naturalist, who worked mostly in Russia.
Villajoyosa , or La Vila Joiosa , is a coastal town and municipality in the Province of Alicante, Valencian Community, Spain, by the Mediterranean Sea. The town is known to the locals simply as La Vila.
Red Rider, later known as Tom Cochrane & Red Rider, is a Canadian rock band popular in the 1980s. While they achieved great success in Canada, the band never had a song in the Top 40 in the United States, although "Lunatic Fringe" became popular on album-oriented rock radio. 
Lock Up was a rock band that featured Tom Morello on guitar before Rage Against the Machine was formed.
Dmitriy Fyodorovich Ustinov (; 30 October 1908 – 20 December 1984) was a Marshal of the Soviet Union and Soviet politician during the Cold War. He served as a Central Committee secretary in charge of the Soviet military-industrial complex from 1965 to 1976 and as Minister of Defence of the Soviet Union from 1976 until his death in 1984. 
Galashiels  is a town in the Scottish Borders and lies on the border between the historic counties of Roxburghshire and Selkirkshire, on the Gala Water river. The name is often shortened to "Gala".
Sir John Edwin Sandys FBA ( "Sands"; 19 May 1844 – 6 July 1922), was an English classical scholar.
Oujda  is a major Moroccan city in its northeast near the border with Algeria. 
Shadowy Men on a Shadowy Planet are a Juno Award-winning Canadian instrumental rock band, formed in 1984. They remain best known for the track "Having an Average Weekend", which was used as the theme to the Canadian sketch comedy TV show "The Kids in the Hall". 
Stefan Themerson (25 January 1910 – 6 September 1988) was a Polish, later British poet, novelist, filmmaker, composer and philosopher.
The party of the Albanian National Front  is a nationalist political party in Albania, Kosovo, and North Macedonia.
Jordi Pujol i Soley (, born 9 June 1930) is a Spanish politician who was the leader of the party Convergència Democràtica de Catalunya  from 1974 to 2003, and President of the Generalitat de Catalunya from 1980 to 2003.
and was the head of the Social Democratic Party of Japan , from 2003 to 2013.
Fernand Bouisson (; 16 June 1874 – 28 December 1959) was a French politician of the Third Republic, who served as President of the Chamber of Deputies from 1927 to 1936 and briefly as Prime Minister in 1935.
The University of Lapland is located in the city of Rovaniemi, Finland. It was founded in 1979. The University of Lapland is the most northern university in the European Union.
Cinderford is a small town on the eastern fringe of the Forest of Dean in Gloucestershire, England, which had a population of 8,494 at the 2011 census. 
Charles, Prince of Viana  (29 May 1421 – 23 September 1461), sometimes called Charles IV of Navarre, was the son of King John II of Aragon and Queen Blanche I of Navarre.
Ad-Dawr  also known as Al-Dour, is a small agricultural town near the Iraqi town of Tikrit.
The Movement for the Society of Peace  is an Islamist party in Algeria, led by Mahfoud Nahnah until his death in 2003. Its current leader is Bouguerra Soltani. It is aligned with the international Muslim Brotherhood.
Fastrada (765 – 10 August 794) was queen consort of East Francia by marriage to Charlemagne, as his third wife.
Cambrin is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Possible Peru  is a Peruvian political party. It was founded in 1994 by Alejandro Toledo with the original name of "País Posible" .
The Communist Party of the Turkmen SSR  was the ruling communist party of the Turkmen SSR, and a part of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. From 1985 it was led by Saparmurat Niyazov, who in 1991 renamed the party to the Democratic Party of Turkmenistan, which is no longer a communist party. 
Blackheath (postcode: 2785) is an Australian town located near the highest point of the Blue Mountains, between Katoomba and Mount Victoria in New South Wales. The town's altitude is about and it is located about west north-west of the Sydney central business district, north-west of Katoomba, and about south-east of Lithgow.
Adam Fenton (born 8 February 1972, Liverpool, England) is an English record producer and DJ who has worked across various genres. He is also the co-founder of the drum and bass label Breakbeat Kaos along with DJ Fresh.
Penelope Mary Fitzgerald (1916–2000) was an English Booker Prize–winning novelist, poet, essayist, and biographer. In 2008, "The Times" included her in a list of "the 50 greatest British writers since 1945". 
John Greenleaf Whittier (December 17, 1807 – September 7, 1892) was an American Quaker poet and advocate of the abolition of slavery in the United States. Frequently listed as one of the Fireside Poets, he was influenced by the Scottish poet Robert Burns. 
Eduard Tubin ( – 17 November 1982) was an Estonian composer, conductor, and choreographer.
Desvres  is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France. It is a market town, known for its pottery.
Duns  is a town in the Scottish Borders, Scotland. It was the county town of the historic county of Berwickshire.
Katherine Ellen Soucie  is an American actress and voice actress known for playing Linka in "Captain Planet and the Planeteers", Lola Bunny in "Space Jam", Fifi La Fume in "Tiny Toon Adventures", Dexter's Mom in "Dexter's Laboratory", Maddie Fenton in "Danny Phantom" and Phil, Lil and Betty DeVille in "Rugrats".
James Thomas Kolbe (born June 28, 1942) is a former Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Arizona's 5th congressional district, 1985–2003 and 8th congressional district, 2003–2007.
Watchet is a harbour town, civil parish and electoral ward in the English county of Somerset, with a population of 3,785. It is situated west of Bridgwater, north-west of Taunton, and east of Minehead. The town lies at the mouth of the Washford River on Bridgwater Bay, part of the Bristol Channel, and on the edge of Exmoor National Park.
The Social Democratic Party  is a social-democratic political party in Andorra.
Nick Bostrom (; ; born 10 March 1973) is a Swedish philosopher at the University of Oxford known for his work on existential risk, the anthropic principle, human enhancement ethics, superintelligence risks, and the reversal test. In 2011, he founded the Oxford Martin Programme on the Impacts of Future Technology, and is the founding director of the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford University.
The Social Democratic Front  is the main opposition party of Cameroon. It is led by Ni John Fru Ndi and receives significant support from the Anglophone regions of the western part of the country.
Richard William Pombo, GOIH (born January 8, 1961) is a lobbyist for mining and water-management companies and former Republican member of the United States House of Representatives, having represented California's 11th congressional district from 1993 to 2007. Pombo lost a reelection bid to Democratic challenger Jerry McNerney on November 7, 2006.
David Timothy Dreier (born July 5, 1952) is an American entrepreneur who currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Tribune Publishing Company, and leads the Fallen Journalists Memorial project. Dreier is also a former Republican Party politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from California from 1981 to 2013.
Juanita Millender-McDonald (September 7, 1938 – April 22, 2007) was an American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1996 until her death in 2007, representing California's 37th congressional district, which includes most of South Central Los Angeles and the city of Long Beach, California. She was a member of the Democratic Party.
The University of Passau  is a public research university located in Passau, Lower Bavaria, Germany. Founded in 1973, it is the youngest university in Bavaria and consequently has the most modern campus in the state. 
The Liberal Party  was a liberal political party in Iceland. Its main issue was fisheries policy and it drew its main support from coastal villages. It has no seats in the Althing, having lost its four seats at the 2009 election.
Kenneth Stanton Calvert (born June 8, 1953) is the U.S. Representative for , and previously the 44th and 43rd, serving since 1993. He is a member of the Republican Party. The district is part of the Inland Empire of Southern California.
Mark Emery Udall (born July 18, 1950) is an American politician who served as a United States Senator from Colorado from 2009 to 2015. A member of the Democratic Party, he previously served in the United States House of Representatives, representing . Prior to being elected to Congress, he represented parts of Boulder, Colorado in the Colorado House of Representatives.
Fruges is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Banchory  is a burgh or town in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It is about west of Aberdeen, near where the Feugh River meets the River Dee.
Edward Philip George Seaga ( or ; 28 May 1930 – 28 May 2019) was a Jamaican politician. He was the fifth Prime Minister of Jamaica, from 1980 to 1989, and the leader of the Jamaica Labour Party from 1974 to 2005. 
Virginia Brown-Waite (born October 5, 1943) is the former U.S. Representative for , serving from 2003 until 2011. She is a member of the Republican Party and a founder of Maggie's List.
Nicole de Boer (born 20 December 1970) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for starring in the cult film "Cube" as Joan Leaven, playing Ezri Dax on the final season of "" (1998–1999), and as Sarah Bannerman on the series "The Dead Zone" (2002–2007). 
The Ames Brothers were a singing quartet from Malden, Massachusetts, who were particularly famous in the 1950s for their traditional pop music hits.
Uslar is a town and a municipality in southern Lower Saxony, Germany, in the south-western part of the district of Northeim, and in the south of the hills of Solling forest which are part of the Weser Uplands.
The Chamber of Deputies  is the lower house of the Congress of the Union, the bicameral legislature of Mexico. The other chamber is the Senate. The structure and responsibilities of both chambers of Congress are defined in Articles 50 to 70 of the current constitution.
Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa (; 3 June 1931 – 6 March 1999) was the first emir of Bahrain from 1961 until his death in 1999. Born in Jasra, Bahrain, he became emir upon the death of his father, Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa.
Stourbridge is a market town in the West Midlands county of England. Situated on the River Stour, it was the centre of British glass making during the Industrial Revolution. The 2011 UK census recorded the town's population as 63,298. 
The River Tame is the main river of the West Midlands of England, and one of the principal tributaries of the River Trent. The Tame is about long from the source at Oldbury to its confluence with the Trent near Alrewas, but the main river length of the entire catchment, i.e. the Tame and its main tributaries, is about .
Shijiazhuang  is the capital and largest city of North China's Hebei Province. Administratively a prefecture-level city, it is about southwest of Beijing, and it administers eight districts, two county-level cities, and 12 counties.
Stella Maria Sarah Miles Franklin, known as Miles Franklin (14 October 187919 September 1954) was an Australian writer and feminist who is best known for her novel "My Brilliant Career", published by Blackwoods of Edinburgh in 1901. While she wrote throughout her life, her other major literary success, "All That Swagger", was not published until 1936.
Roy Maurice Keane (born 10 August 1971) is an Irish football manager and former professional player. He is the joint-most successful Irish footballer of all time, having won 19 major trophies, 17 of which came at Manchester United, in his club career. He served as the assistant manager of the Republic of Ireland national team from 2013 until 2018.
Bay Street is a major thoroughfare in Downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is the centre of Toronto's Financial District and is often used by metonymy to refer to Canada's financial services industry since succeeding Montreal's St. James Street in that role in the 1970s.
Ann Clwyd Roberts (born 21 March 1937) is a Welsh Labour Party politician serving as Member of Parliament  for Cynon Valley since 1984. She was re-elected at the 2015 general election and 2017 general election despite previously announcing that she intended to retire.
John Yorke Denham (born 15 July 1953) is an English Labour Party politician who served as Member of Parliament  for Southampton Itchen from 1992 to 2015. He served in the Cabinet as Secretary of State for Innovation, Universities and Skills from 2007 to 2009 and as the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government from 2009 to 2010.
The Brooklyn Dodgers were an American football team that played in the National Football League from 1930 to 1943, and in 1944 as the Brooklyn Tigers. The team played its home games at Ebbets Field of the baseball National League's team, the Brooklyn Dodgers. In 1945, because of financial difficulties and the increasing scarcity of major league-level players because of the war-time defense requirements at the height of World War II, the team was merged with the Boston Yanks and were known as the Yanks for that season.
Harold Dallas Rogers (born December 31, 1937) is the U.S. Representative for , currently serving in his 20th term, having served since 1981. He is a member of the Republican Party. He is the dean of the Kentucky congressional delegation.
Sir John Paul Stanley (born 12 January 1942) is a British Conservative Party politician who was the Member of Parliament  for Tonbridge and Malling from 1974 to 2015.
Hazel Anne Blears (born 14 May 1956) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament  for Salford and Eccles from 2010 to 2015, when she stood down. Prior to the creation of the Salford and Eccles constituency, she was the MP for Salford from 1997.
Andrew Murray Burnham (born 7 January 1970) is a British Labour Party politician serving as Mayor of Greater Manchester since 2017. He served as Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport from 2008 to 2009 and Secretary of State for Health from 2009 to 2010. Burnham served as Member of Parliament  for Leigh from 2001 to 2017.
Sir Robert Hill Smith, 3rd Baronet (born 15 April 1958) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat politician who was the Member of Parliament for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine from 1997 to 2015.
The River Dee  is a river in the United Kingdom. It flows through parts of both Wales and England, forming part of the border between the two countries.
Ian Bruce Lang, Baron Lang of Monkton, PC (born 27 June 1940) is a British Conservative politician and Life Peer who served as the Member of Parliament for Galloway, and then Galloway and Upper Nithsdale, from 1979 to 1997.
Maximilian I (17 April 157327 September 1651), occasionally called "the Great", a member of the House of Wittelsbach, ruled as Duke of Bavaria from 1597. His reign was marked by the Thirty Years' War during which he obtained the title of a Prince-elector of the Holy Roman Empire at the 1623 Diet of Regensburg.
Patrick Doherty (born 18 July 1945) is a retired Sinn Féin politician, and was the abstentionist Member of Parliament for West Tyrone from 2001 to 2017. He was a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly for the Assembly constituency of the same name from June 1998 to June 2012. 
Louisa Catherine Adams ("née" Johnson; February 12, 1775 – May 15, 1852), wife of John Quincy Adams, was the First Lady of the United States from 1825 to 1829. Born in London, she was the first First Lady to be born outside the United States, or the preceding Thirteen Colonies—a distinction that would not be shared until 192 years later by Melania Trump.
Leforest is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.
Pausanias of Orestis  was a member of Philip II of Macedon's personal bodyguard . He assassinated Philip in 336 BCE, possibly at the instigation of Philip's wife Olympias, or even his son Alexander the Great. Pausanias was killed while fleeing the assassination.
William Hal Ashby (September 2, 1929 – December 27, 1988) was an American film director and editor associated with the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking.
Bernard "Buddy" Rich (September 30, 1917 – April 2, 1987) was an American jazz drummer and bandleader. He is considered one of the most influential drummers of all time and was known for his virtuoso technique, power, and speed. He performed with Tommy Dorsey, Harry James and Count Basie, and led a big band.
CFPL-FM, or FM96, is a radio station owned by Corus Entertainment and based in London, Ontario, Canada that transmits at 179,000 watts at 95.9 MHz on the FM dial. CFPL-FM currently primarily plays an active rock format with a slight lean towards alternative rock. 
The University of Plymouth is a public university based predominantly in Plymouth, England where the main campus is located, but the university has campuses and affiliated colleges across South West England. With students, it is the largest in the United Kingdom by total number of students . 
Denis MacShane (born Josef Denis Matyjaszek, 21 May 1948) is a British former Labour Party politician. He was the Member of Parliament  for Rotherham from 1994 to his resignation in 2012 and served in the Labour Government as Minister of State for Europe from 2002 until 2005.
Hywel Williams (born 14 May 1953) is a Welsh politician and Plaid Cymru Member of Parliament for Arfon. He previously represented Caernarfon.
Kazanlak  is a Bulgarian town in Stara Zagora Province, located in the middle of the plain of the same name, at the foot of the Balkan mountain range, at the eastern end of the Rose Valley. It is the administrative centre of the homonymous Kazanlak Municipality.
The municipality is located on the island of Pellworm – one of the North Frisian Islands on the North Sea coast of Germany. Its area is 37 km², and its population is roughly 1,200.
Glafcos Ioannou Clerides (; 24 April 1919 – 15 November 2013) was a Greek Cypriot politician and barrister who served as the fourth President of Cyprus from 1993 to 2003. At the time of his death, he was the oldest living former President of Cyprus.
Harris Llewellyn Wofford Jr. (April 9, 1926 – January 21, 2019) was an American attorney, civil rights activist, and Democratic Party politician who represented Pennsylvania in the United States Senate from 1991 to 1995. A noted advocate of national service and volunteering, Wofford was also the fifth president of Bryn Mawr College from 1970 to 1978, served as chairman of the Pennsylvania Democratic Party in 1986 and as Pennsylvania Secretary of Labor and Industry in the cabinet of Governor Robert P. Casey from 1987 to 1991, and was a surrogate for Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. He introduced Obama in Philadelphia at the National Constitution Center before Obama's speech on race in America, "A More Perfect Union".
Tembec Inc. was a paper company in Canada Founded by Frank Dottori. Tembec had approximately 3000 employees located in Canada, United States, and France. 
Serranilla Bank  is a partially submerged reef, with small uninhabited islets, in the western Caribbean Sea. It is situated about northeast of Punta Gorda, Nicaragua, and roughly southwest of Jamaica. The closest neighbouring land feature is Bajo Nuevo Bank, located to the east.
Norman Mack Van Brocklin (March 15, 1926 – May 2, 1983), nicknamed "The Dutchman" was an American football quarterback, punter, and coach in the National Football League. He was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1971.
General Walter Bedell "Beetle" Smith (5 October 1895 – 9 August 1961) was a senior officer of the United States Army who served as General Dwight D. Eisenhower's chief of staff at Allied Forces Headquarters  during the Tunisia Campaign and the Allied invasion of Italy in 1943 during World War II. He was Eisenhower's chief of staff at the Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force  in the campaign in Western Europe from 1944 through 1945.
Jan-Ove Waldner (born 3 October 1965) is a Swedish former table tennis player. He is often referred to as "the Mozart of table tennis," and is widely regarded as one of the greatest table tennis players of all time. 
Sergei Viktorovich Samsonov (, "Sergej Viktorovič Samsonov"; born October 27, 1978) is a former Russian professional ice hockey forward who is now a scout for the Carolina Hurricanes.
Andrew Eppley Shue (born February 20, 1967) is an American actor, known for his role as Billy Campbell on the television series "Melrose Place" (1992–1999). He is on the Board of Directors for Do Something  and is the co-founder of the social networking website CafeMom.
Carl Vaugoin (8 July 1873, Vienna – 10 June 1949, Krems/Donau) was an Austrian official and politician of the Christian Social Party. He served as Defense Minister in 15 Austrian cabinets from 1921 to 1933, from 1929 to 1930 also as Vice Chancellor of Austria, and as Chancellor of Austria for about two months in 1930.
Northrop Grumman Ship Systems  was a former sector or division of Northrop Grumman Corporation which was responsible for building small and medium shipping products. It was merged with another sector of Northrop Grumman, Northrop Grumman Newport News, which was responsible for building nuclear submarines and supercarriers, to form the sector Northrop Grumman Shipbuilding.
Peter Vischer the Elder (c. 1455January 7, 1529) was a German sculptor, the son of Hermann Vischer, and the most notable member of the Vischer Family of Nuremberg.
Charles Ferdinand d'Artois, Duke of Berry (24 January 1778 – 14 February 1820) was the third child and youngest son of the future King of France, Charles X, and his wife, Maria Theresa of Savoy. He was assassinated at the Paris Opera in 1820 by Louis Pierre Louvel, an anti-royal Bonapartist. 
David Benjamin James MBE (born 1 August 1970) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. His most recent position was manager at Kerala Blasters FC in the Indian Super League in 2018. He is also a pundit on BT Sport's football coverage.
The Burn is a river on Dartmoor, Devon, England.
Rose Mary Woods (December 26, 1917 – January 22, 2005) was Richard Nixon's secretary from his days in Congress in 1951, through the end of his political career. Before H. R. Haldeman and John Ehrlichman became the operators of Nixon's presidential campaign, Woods was Nixon's gatekeeper.
The Rio Hondo  is a tributary of the Los Angeles River in Los Angeles County, California, approximately long. As a named river, it begins in Irwindale and flows southwest to its confluence in South Gate, passing through several cities . 
The Peconic Bay is the parent name for two bays between the North Fork and South Fork of Long Island in the U.S. state of New York. It is separated from Gardiners Bay by Shelter Island.
Pancrase Inc. is a mixed martial arts promotion company founded in Japan in 1993 by professional wrestlers Masakatsu Funaki and Minoru Suzuki.
Count Friedrich Ferdinand von Beust  (13 January 1809 – 24 October 1886) was a German and Austrian statesman. As an opponent of Otto von Bismarck, he attempted to conclude a common policy of the German middle states between Austria and Prussia.
John Desmond Bernal (; 10 May 1901 – 15 September 1971) was an Irish scientist who pioneered the use of X-ray crystallography in molecular biology. He published extensively on the history of science. 
Richard Streit Hamilton (born 1943) is Davies Professor of Mathematics at Columbia University.
He is credited by the Minor Planet Center with the discovery of 17 asteroids at the Karasuyama Observatory  between 1986 and 1992, all of which were co-discovered with Japanese astronomer Takeshi Urata, except for his lowest numbered discovery 3394 Banno. The inner main-belt asteroid 5484 Inoda was named in his honor on 1 September 1993 .
Leonard Pennario (July 9, 1924 – June 27, 2008) was an American classical pianist and composer.
Caroline Aparecida Trentini (born July 6, 1987) is a Brazilian supermodel.
WXPK (107.1 FM), branded as 107.1 The Peak, is an adult album alternative music formatted radio station licensed to Briarcliff Manor, New York and broadcasts from studios in White Plains, New York. The station is owned by Pamal Broadcasting and transmits from a tower in the Westchester County Correctional Facility with an effective radiated power of 1,900 watts.
Johann Jakob Heckel (23 January 1790 – 1 March 1857) was an Austrian taxidermist, zoologist, and ichthyologist from Mannheim in the Electoral Palatinate.
Kurt Otto Friedrichs (September 28, 1901 – December 31, 1982) was a noted German American mathematician. He was the co-founder of the Courant Institute at New York University, and a recipient of the National Medal of Science.
San Pietro in Casale  is a municipality in the Metropolitan City of Bologna, in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
Michoud  is an area in Eastern New Orleans, part of the Ninth Ward of New Orleans, Louisiana, located at latitude 30.03°N, longitude −89.925°W.
Juan Zambudio Velasco, (born 21 November 1921 in La Alquería, Murcia - died 21 January 2004 in Igualada, Barcelona) was a Spanish football goalkeeper. He played for Mollet and FC Barcelona. 
Aurora University is a private university in Aurora, Illinois. In addition to its main campus and the Orchard Center in Aurora, Illinois, AU offers programs online, at its George Williams College campus in Williams Bay, Wisconsin, and at the Woodstock Center in downtown Woodstock, Illinois. 
Carolyn Ann "Callie" Khouri (born November 27, 1957) is an American film and television screenwriter, producer, and director. In 1992, she won the Academy Award for Best Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen for the film "Thelma & Louise", which was controversial upon its release, but which subsequently became a classic. 
Barton Rovers Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Barton-le-Clay, Bedfordshire, England. The club are currently members of the and play at Sharpenhoe Road. They are affiliated to the Bedfordshire Football Association.
Franz Baader (15 June 1959, Spalt) is a German computer scientist at Dresden University of Technology .
Barawa , also known as Barawe and Brava, is a port town in the southwestern Lower Shebelle region of Somalia. 
FC Vilnius was a Lithuanian football club, playing in the capital city of Vilnius.
Lena Sofia Alexandra Arvidsson (born 16 February 1984) is a retired Swedish tennis player.
The House of Representatives is the lower chamber of Nigeria's bicameral National Assembly. The Senate is the upper chamber.
Villeneuve-le-Roi is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located from the center of Paris. 
Nanaimo Airport, , is located south southeast of Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada at 3350 Spitfire Road, Cassidy on 550 acres of land.
Ladushkin , formerly known as in German , is a town in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located between Kaliningrad and the Polish border. Population: 
Prison Fellowship International  is a christian international non-governmental organisation  of national prison fellowship  organizations from 117 countries. The headquarters is in Washington D.C., United States. 
CJSS-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at 101.9 FM in Cornwall, Ontario. The station broadcasts a classic hits format branded as Boom 101.9. CJSS-FM is owned by Corus Entertainment, who acquired the station, along with CFLG, in 2001.
John Elvis Miller (May 15, 1888 – January 30, 1981) was a United States Representative and United States Senator from Arkansas and later was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas.
Adamslie Park was a football ground in Kirkintilloch, East Dunbartonshire, Scotland, which was the home ground of Scottish Junior Football Association club Kirkintilloch Rob Roy F.C. until 2014. It is located on Glasgow Road in the north-west of the town and has a capacity of 5,500 all standing. 
Zuqar Island  is an island in the Red Sea that belongs to Yemen. It lies between the coasts of mainland Yemen and Eritrea, near the Bab-el-Mandeb straits which connect the Red Sea to the Gulf of Aden. 
Victor Emanuel Anderson (March 30, 1902 – August 15, 1962) was an American politician from the state of Nebraska. A member of the Republican Party, he served in the Nebraska Legislature, as mayor of the capital city of Lincoln, and as the 28th governor of the state.
The Musi River is located in southern Sumatra, Indonesia.
Amin al-Hafiz (or Hafez; 12 November 1921 – 17 December 2009)  was a Syrian politician, General and member of the Ba'ath Party who served as the President of Syria from 27 July 1963 to 23 February 1966.
Andrew Mitchell Vlahov (born 1 April 1969) is an Australian retired professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball League of Australia from 1991 through until the 2001–02 season. Vlahov now leads RV Sport, a premium sports and event marketing company.
Thomas B. Cuming (December 25, 1827 – March 12, 1858) was an American military officer and politician. He served as the first Secretary of Nebraska Territory and served twice as the territory's Acting Governor, the first time following the death of Francis Burt and the second following the resignation of Mark W. Izard.
Chernivtsi National University  is a public university in the City of Chernivtsi in Western Ukraine. One of the leading Ukrainian institutions for higher education, it was founded in 1875 as the Franz-Josephs-Universität Czernowitz when Chernivtsi  was the capital of the Duchy of Bukovina, a Cisleithanian crown land of Austria-Hungary. 
Arthur Cox (born 14 December 1939 in Southam, Warwickshire) is a former English football manager.
Sport Club Corinthians Alagoano, or Corinthians Alagoano, as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Maceió in Alagoas, founded on April 4, 1991.
James Forman (born March 27, 1946), better known by his stage name James Mtume, is an American Jazz and R&B musician, Grammy Award winning songwriter & Producer, activist and radio personality. 
Willenhall Town Football Club are a football club based in Willenhall, West Midlands, England, currently playing in the .
Eugene Rabinowitch (1901–1973) was a Russian-born American biophysicist who is best known for his work in relation to nuclear weapons, especially as a co-author of the Franck Report and a co-founder in 1945 of the "Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists", a global security and public policy magazine, which he edited until his death.
Penn State New Kensington is a commonwealth campus of the Pennsylvania State University and it is located in New Kensington, Pennsylvania. The campus has an enrollment of 1,000 and offers a master's degree program, eight bachelor's degree programs, and five associate degree programs as well as seven men's and women's sports.
Daigny is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.
Bojano or Boiano is a town and "comune" in the province of Campobasso, Molise, south-central Italy.
Bayero University Kano  is a university situated in Kano, Kano State, Nigeria. It was founded in 1977, when it was renamed from Bayero University College and upgraded from university college to university. 
Bozoum is the capital of Ouham-Pendé, one of the 14 prefectures of the Central African Republic.
Theodor Becker (23 June 1840 in Plön – 30 June 1928 in Liegnitz) was a German civil engineer and entomologist primarily known for his work with flies.
The Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai , formerly Mount Sinai School of Medicine, is a graduate medical school in Manhattan, New York City. 
New Milton Town Football Club is a football club based in New Milton, Hampshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Fawcetts Field.
Seaweed is an American band from Tacoma, Washington who were active throughout the 1990s. Their style of music is a combination of punk rock and grunge.
Tilbury Football Club is a football club based in Tilbury, Thurrock, England. They are currently members of the and play at Chadfields.
Lunavada  is a town in the Mahisagar, former Panchmahal District, in the Northern part of Gujarat state of India.
Albaladejo is a village and municipality situated in the south of the province of Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha in Spain. Its economy is based on the textile industry, farming and on agriculture, especially olive-tree cultivation. 
CJCJ-FM is a hot adult contemporary radio station broadcasting from Woodstock, New Brunswick, Canada. The station operates at 104.1 MHz/FM. It is currently owned and operated by Bell Media.
Asha-Rose Mtengeti Migiro (born 9 July 1956) is a Tanzanian politician and diplomat who was the Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations from 2007 to 2012. She was appointed as the United Nations Secretary-General's Special Envoy for HIV/AIDS in Africa on 13 July 2012.
Wittenham Clumps is the common name for a pair of wooded chalk hills in the Thames Valley, in the civil parish of Little Wittenham, in the historic county of Berkshire, although since 1974 administered as part of South Oxfordshire district.
Glentanner Aerodrome is an aerodrome located at the north west end of Lake Pukaki in New Zealand. 
The Tundzha  is a river in Bulgaria and Turkey and the most significant tributary of the Maritsa, emptying into it on Turkish territory near Edirne.
Haji Abdul Qadeer (; – July 6, 2002) was a Pashtun leader in Afghanistan. Qadeer was a prominent member of the Northern Alliance and opposed the Taliban. 
CJMF-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station located in Quebec City, Quebec.
Romford Football Club is an English football club based in Romford, East London. The club are currently members of the Isthmian League North Division and play at Brentwood Town .
Witham Town Football Club is an semi professional English football club based in Witham, Essex. The club are currently members of the and play at Spa Road.
Monpezat is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.
Adelmann (, , , , ; ?, - c. 1061, Brescia) was the bishop of Brescia, in Northern Italy, during the eleventh century. 
Soisy-sous-Montmorency is a commune in the Val-d'Oise "département" located north of Paris, France.
Dantewada  is a town and a nagar palika in the Dantewada district in the state of Chhattisgarh, India. It is the administrative headquarters of Dantewada District. It is the fourth largest city of Bastar division.
Rotorua International Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located on Devon Street West in the Westbrook suburb of Rotorua, New Zealand. It is currently used mostly for rugby union and rugby league matches, being one of three home stadiums for the Bay of Plenty Rugby Union .
Rangers AFC is one of the oldest still existing Canterbury football clubs located in Christchurch, New Zealand.
New Brighton A.F.C. is a soccer club in Christchurch, New Zealand. The original New Brighton Association Football Club was founded in 1924 but went into hiatus eight years later. 
Bay Olympic is an association football club based in New Lynn, Auckland, New Zealand. They currently compete in the Lotto Sport Italia NRFL Premier and other premier divisions.
Sun-woo "Sunny" Kim (Korean: 김선우, Hanja: 金善宇, ; born September 4, 1977) is a retired South Korean professional baseball pitcher of the Korea Baseball Organization. He has previously played in Major League Baseball for the Boston Red Sox, Montreal Expos/Washington Nationals, Colorado Rockies, and Cincinnati Reds. He bats and throws right-handed.
The House of Representatives of Antigua and Barbuda is the lower chamber of the country's bicameral parliament.
Lynn-Avon United is a semi-professional association Football club based in New Lynn, Auckland, New Zealand. Their first team plays in the Lotto Sport Italia NRFL Division 1.
Chakwal  is the capital and main city of Chakwal District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located 90 kilometres south-east of the federal capital, Islamabad and 270 kilometres from the provincial capital, Lahore.
Abdullah bin Khalifa Al Thani  (born 1958, Doha) was Prime Minister of Qatar from 29 October 1996 to 3 April 2007. He served as an advisor to the Emir and often represented him at ceremonial events and receptions.
Marshall Scot Allman (born April 5, 1984) is an American actor. He is known to television audiences for his role as L. J. Burrows on Fox's successful television series, "Prison Break". He is also known for playing Tommy Mickens on "True Blood".
Presses universitaires de France , founded in 1921 by Paul Angoulvent (1899–1976), is the largest French university publishing house.
Wroxham Football Club is a football club based in the village of Wroxham, about eight miles north-east of Norwich, in Norfolk, England. They are currently members of the and play at Trafford Park.
The Party of Labour of Burkina  was a political party in Burkina Faso .
Anerley is an area of south east London, within the London Borough of Bromley. It is located west of Bromley and is south south-east of Charing Cross. The district is the former site of The Crystal Palace.
Ordes is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It belongs to the comarca of Ordes. The population in 2008 was 12,534 inhabitants, according to the INE.
Frederic Hale Parkhurst (November 5, 1864 – January 31, 1921) was an American politician. He was the 52nd Governor of Maine.
Club Deportivo Social Sol is a Honduran football team based in Olanchito, Yoro.
Diss Town Football Club is a football club based in Diss, Norfolk, England. Affiliated to the Norfolk County FA they are currently members of the and play at Brewers Green Lane.
Stansted Football Club is an English football club based in Stansted Mountfitchet, Essex. The club are currently members of the and play at Hargrave Park.
Glapwell F.C. was a football club based in Glapwell, near Chesterfield in Derbyshire, England. They were last members of the North Division of the Central Midlands League.
Medicine Head was a British blues rock band – initially a duo – active in the 1970s. Their biggest single success was in 1973, with "One and One Is One,” a Number 3-hit on the UK Singles Chart. 
Schofields was a department store that operated on The Headrow in Leeds, England, from 1901 to 1996. For much of the 20th century Schofields was regarded as being the pinnacle of shopping in Leeds city centre.
Highworth Town Football Club is a football club based in Highworth, Wiltshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Elms Recreation Ground
Lousame is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It belongs to the comarca of Noia. It has a population of 3,657 inhabitants (INE, 2011).
KXNO (1460 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station in Des Moines, Iowa. KXNO is owned by iHeartMedia, Inc., and airs a sports radio format. 
The University of Bangui  is a public university located in Bangui, Central African Republic.
Liversedge F.C. is a football club based in Cleckheaton, England, on the border with Hightown in Liversedge. For the 2013–14 season, they play in the Northern Counties East Football League Premier Division .
North Greenford United Football Club is a football club based in Greenford in the London Borough of Ealing, England. They play in the . The club is affiliated to the Middlesex County Football Association.
Raynes Park Vale Football Club is a semi-professional football club based in Raynes Park in the London Borough of Merton, England. They play in the .
Brightlingsea Regent Football Club is an English football club based in Brightlingsea, Essex. Formed by a merger of Brightlingsea United and Regent Park Rangers in 2005, they are currently members of the and play at North Road.
Gwendoline See-Hian Yeo (; born July 10, 1977) is an American actress, voice actress, writer and musician best known for her role as Xiao-Mei in "Desperate Housewives", Sun Foy in the film "Broken Trail"  and as the voice of Shinigami in Nickelodeon's "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles".
Joannes "Jan" Kappeyne van de Coppello (2 October 1822 – 28 July 1895) was a Dutch liberal politician. He was prime minister of the Netherlands between 1877 and 1879.
Phoenix Deer Valley Airport is a public airport north of Phoenix, in Maricopa County, Arizona. It is owned by the City of Phoenix. The FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2009–2013 categorized it as a "reliever airport" for Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.
Malcolm Island is an island in the Canadian province of British Columbia, located north of Haddington Island in the Queen Charlotte Strait near Vancouver Island. It has ferry access from the Vancouver Island community of Port McNeill. The island is located within the Mount Waddington Regional District.
PKP Linia Hutnicza Szerokotorowa sp. z o.o. is a company in the PKP Group responsible for the Broad Gauge Metallurgy Line, running for from the Ukrainian border in Izow-Hrubieszów to Sławków Południowy .
Batangas Bay is a semi-enclosed body of water situated in the province of Batangas in Luzon island in the Philippines. The bay is an extension of the Verde Island Passage and is separated from the Balayan Bay to the west by the Calumpan Peninsula, which juts out to Maricaban Island across the Maricaban Strait.
KWBM, virtual and UHF digital channel 31, is a Daystar owned-and-operated television station serving Springfield, Missouri, United States that is licensed to Harrison, Arkansas. The station is owned by Word of God Fellowship, Inc. KWBM's offices are located on Enterprise Avenue in southeast Springfield, and its transmitter is located in rural Taney County, just northeast of Forsyth.
The Godesberg Program  was the party program outline of the political course of the Social Democratic Party of Germany . It was ratified on 15 November 1959, at an SPD party convention in the town of Bad Godesberg, which is today part of Bonn.
Rachel de Queiroz (, November 17, 1910 – November 4, 2003) was a Brazilian author, translator and journalist.
Christine Elise McCarthy (born February 12, 1965) is an American film and television actress. She is best known for her roles as Emily Valentine in "Beverly Hills, 90210" and Kyle in the "Child's Play" franchise, first appearing in "Child's Play 2" (1990). 
Southwestern Illinois College is the fifth largest community college in Illinois with campuses in Belleville, Granite City, and Red Bud, plus 20 off-campus sites throughout the district, including Scott Air Force Base and the East St. Louis Community College Center.
The Peruvian Nationalist Party  is a Centre-left political party in Peru.
KACV-FM (89.9 FM, "FM90") is a college radio station in Amarillo, Texas, United States. The station is owned and operated by the city's community college, Amarillo College along with its television partner, PBS station KACV-TV (channel 2). 
Mtsensk  is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia, located on the Zusha River  northeast of Oryol, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 28,000 (1970).
Girjet  was an airline based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. It operated charter services. Its base was Barcelona International Airport.
Aflao is a town in Ketu South District in the Volta Region on Ghana's Togolese  border. Aflao is the twenty-eighth most populous settlement in Ghana, in terms of population, with a population of 66,546 people.
The Gudgenby River, a perennial river that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
Wydawnictwo Naukowe PWN ("Polish Scientific Publishers PWN"; until 1991 "Państwowe Wydawnictwo Naukowe" - "National Scientific Publishers PWN", PWN) is a Polish book publisher, founded in 1951. 
Ryazhsk  is town and the administrative center of Ryazhsky District in Ryazan Oblast, Russia, located south of Ryazan, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 26,000 (1974).
Emilio De Bono (19 March 1866 – 11 January 1944) was an Italian General, fascist activist, Marshal, and member of the Fascist Grand Council . De Bono fought in the Italo-Turkish War, World War I, and the Second Italo-Abyssinian War.
Volkmar Andreae (5 July 187918 June 1962) was a Swiss conductor and composer.
Vogtsburg im Kaiserstuhl  is a town in the Kaiserstuhl, a volcanic region in the district Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, Baden-Württemberg. It has a population of about 5,700 and was created on January 1, 1975 through the unification of seven smaller villages. 
Michael Cole "Mike" Jensen (born November 30, 1939), an American economist, works in the area of financial economics. Between 2000 and 2009 he worked for the Monitor Company Group,
R A Lister & Company was founded in Dursley, Gloucestershire, England, in 1867 by Sir Robert Ashton Lister (1845–1929), to produce agricultural machinery.
HSBC France SA is a subsidiary of HSBC, headquartered in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.
S.S.D. Fidelis Andria 2018 or simply Fidelis Andria is an Italian football club based in Andria, Apulia. The club was founded in 1971 and re-founded in 2013. 
The Handel and Haydn Society, familiarly known as H+H, is an American chorus and period instrument orchestra based in Boston, Massachusetts. Founded in 1815, it is the third oldest musical organization in the United States after the Stoughton Musical Society (founded in 1786) and the U.S. Marine Band (founded 1798), and the oldest continually performing arts organization in the United States.
James Onanefe Ibori (born 4 August 1959) is a Nigerian politician who was Governor of Delta State in Nigeria from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007. An ethnic Urhobo by descent, Ibori is a member of the People's Democratic Party . 
Latina Calcio 1932, commonly referred to as Latina, is an Italian football club based in Latina, Lazio. They compete in Serie D.
Ville Sakari Peltonen (born May 24, 1973) is a Finnish ice hockey coach and a former professional ice hockey forward. He is serving as head coach at Lausanne HC.
Chudovo  is a town and the administrative center of Chudovsky District in Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the Kerest River . Population: 
Theobald V of Blois (1130 – 20 January 1191), also known as Theobald the Good , was Count of Blois from 1151 to 1191. 
Roxx Gang was an American glam metal band formed in 1982 in St. Petersburg, Florida. It was fronted by Kevin Steele, who formed the band along with guitarist Eric Carrell.
Soluntum or Solus was an ancient city on the Tyrrhenian coast of Sicily near present-day Sòlanto in the commune of Santa Flavia, Italy. In antiquity, it was one of the three chief Phoenician settlements in the island.
Can Tho International Airport , formerly Trà Nóc Airport is an airport located in Can Tho in Mekong Delta region of Vietnam.
Potenza Calcio S.r.l., formerly A.S.D. Rossoblù Potenza F.C. or just Potenza F.C., is an Italian football club based in Potenza, Basilicata. 
Ernest of Bavaria-Munich , (Munich, 1373 – 2 July 1438 in Munich), from 1397 Duke of Bavaria-Munich. 
Matthias Pintscher (born 29 January 1971) is a German composer and conductor. As a youth, he studied the violin and conducting.
Saint Benno ( – 16 June 1106) was named Bishop of Meissen in 1066. Venerated since the 13th century, he was canonized in 1523.
Belyov  is a town and the administrative center of Belyovsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Oka River. Population: 17,000 (1967).
Hardisty is a town in Flagstaff County in Alberta, Canada. It is located in east-central Alberta, from the Saskatchewan border, near the crossroads of Highway 13 and Highway 881, in the Battle River Valley. 
Breitnau is a municipality in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany, about 30 kilometres from the city of Freiburg im Breisgau. It is located within the High Black Forest.
Alexis Guignard, comte de Saint-Priest (27 April 1805 in Saint Petersburg29 September 1851 in Moscow) was a French diplomat, historian, and Peer of France. He was the eleventh member elected to occupy seat 4 of the Académie française in 1849.
K. Berchem Sport is a Belgian association football club based in the district of Berchem in the municipality of Antwerp and currently playing in the Belgian First Amateur Division. It has formerly played in the first division.
Holy Family University is a Roman Catholic liberal arts university in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was chartered in 1954 by the Congregation of the Sisters of the Holy Family of Nazareth. 
Prince Albert Casimir of Saxony, Duke of Teschen (11 July 1738, Moritzburg, Electorate of Saxony – 10 February 1822, Vienna) was a German prince from the House of Wettin who married into the Habsburg imperial family. He was noted as an art collector and founded the Albertina in Vienna, one of the largest and finest collections of old master prints and drawings in the world.
Parodi Ligure is a "comune" in the province of Alessandria, part of Piedmont, in northwest Italy.
Jonzac  is a commune of the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France. The historian Jean Glénisson (1921–2010) was born in Jonzac as well as the philosopher Jean Hippolyte (1907–1968)
Frederica Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt (Friederike Luise; 16 October 1751 – 25 February 1805) was Queen consort of Prussia as the second spouse of King Frederick William II.
Hendrik Ramaala (born 2 February 1972) is a South African long-distance runner.
Adriaen Cornelissen van der Donck (16181655) was a lawyer and landowner in New Netherland after whose honorific "Jonkheer" the city of Yonkers, New York is named. In addition to being the first lawyer in the Dutch colony, he was a leader in the political life of New Amsterdam , and an activist for Dutch-style republican government in the Dutch West India Company-run trading post.
Polessk , prior to 1946 known by its German name Labiau , is a town and the administrative center of Polessky District in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located northeast of Kaliningrad, the administrative center of the oblast, at the junction of a main road and a railroad at the Deyma River, shortly before it enters the Curonian Lagoon. Population: 4,744 (1885).
Les Mureaux is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is located in the north-western suburbs of Paris, from the centre of Paris.
Persan is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France.
Cyon is LG Electronics' Korean mobile phone brand. LG established the brand in 1997. 
Anson Adams Mount IV (born February 25, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for his television roles as fictional character Cullen Bohannon in the AMC western drama series "Hell on Wheels", Jim Steele on the short-lived NBC series "Conviction", the Marvel Comics superhero Black Bolt in "Marvel's Inhumans," and Captain Christopher Pike in season 2 of "". 
Bely  is a town and the administrative center of Belsky District in Tver Oblast, Russia, located on the Obsha River. Population: 6,900 (1897).
Frank Christopher Guinta (born September 26, 1970) is an American businessman and politician who represented New Hampshire's 1st congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 2011 to 2013 and from 2015 to 2017. A member of the Republican Party, he previously served as the mayor of Manchester, New Hampshire from 2006 to 2010. He is identified by "National Journal" as a moderate.
Dirk V (1052 – June 17, 1091) was Count of Holland  from 1061 to 1091.
Frederick I, called the Brave or the Bitten (German: "Friedrich der Freidige" or "Friedrich der Gebissene"; 1257 – 16 November 1323) was Margrave of Meissen and Landgrave of Thuringia.
Cluses  is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.
La Tour-du-Pin  is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France, 502 km from Paris.
Montmorillon  is a commune in the Vienne department, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, in central-western France. 
Guebwiller  is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est currently in north-eastern France.
Sharrod Victor Ford (born September 9, 1982) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Acıbadem Üniversitesi of the Turkish Basketball First League.
Saint-Riquier is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
John Eugene Osborne (June 19, 1858April 24, 1943) was an American physician, farmer, banker and Democratic politician. He was the third Governor of Wyoming after the Wyoming Territory attained statehood in 1890.
Vindbjart Fotballklubb is a football club situated in Vennesla, Norway. They play in the Norwegian 3. 
Amir Peretz (; born Armand Peretz on 9 March 1952) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party. He previously served as Minister of Defence, leader of the Labor Party and Minister of Environmental Protection.
Ford Otomotiv Sanayi A.Ş.  is an automotive manufacturing company based in Turkey that is equally owned by Ford Motor Company and Koç Holding. It was established in its current form in 1977, with original relations dating back to 1928. 
Riez  is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.
Cervione  is a commune of the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica. It is home to the Saint Erasmus cathedral, which was completed in 1745, and is an example of the baroque style.
Albert II, the Degenerate  (1240 – 20 November 1314) was a Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringia and Count Palatine of Saxony. He was a member of the House of Wettin.
Rayners Lane is a suburban district in the London Borough of Harrow in northwest London between Pinner and West Harrow. It takes its name from a road in the area, also called Rayners Lane  which runs from Marsh Road in Pinner to Eastcote Lane in Eastcote.
Oakland County International Airport is a county-owned public-use airport located in Waterford Township, Oakland County, Michigan, United States. The airport is located approximately 1 mile from the center of Waterford Township and Oakland County. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration  National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a non primary commercial service facility.
Gary Thomas (born June 10, 1961, Baltimore, Maryland) is an American jazz saxophonist and flautist from Baltimore, Maryland. He was a member of Jack DeJohnette's Special Edition band and has worked with John McLaughlin, Herbie Hancock, Pat Metheny, John Scofield, Jim Hall, Dave Holland, Greg Osby, Wayne Shorter, Ravi Coltrane, Cassandra Wilson, Wallace Roney, Steve Coleman, and Miles Davis.
William Leonard Laurence (March 7, 1888 – March 19, 1977) was a Jewish Lithuanian-born American journalist known for his science journalism writing of the 1940s and 1950s while working for "The New York Times". He won two Pulitzer Prizes and, as the official historian of the Manhattan Project, was the only journalist to witness the Trinity test and the atomic bombing of Nagasaki. 
Gwalia is a former gold-mining town located 233 kilometres north of Kalgoorlie and 828 kilometres east of Perth in Western Australia's Great Victoria Desert. Today, Gwalia is essentially a ghost town, having been largely deserted since the main source of employment, the Sons of Gwalia gold mine, closed in 1963. 
Baron Didrik Anders Gillis Bildt (16 October 1820 – 22 October 1894) was a Swedish parliamentarian, military officer, baron and prime minister 1888–1889.
Vauxhall is a town in southern Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Taber. It is located on Highway 36  approximately north of Taber, south of Brooks and west of Medicine Hat. It is situated in the prairie land between Bow River and Oldman River.
Baron Gerhard Louis De Geer of Finspång (usually known as Louis De Geer; 27 November 185425 February 1935) was a Swedish politician, who served in the first chamber of the "Riksdag" 1901-14, was governor of Kristianstad County 1905-23, and Prime Minister of Sweden for 121 days in 1920-1921.
Franz Josef Jung (born 5 March 1949) is a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union . He became Federal Minister of Defence in the Grand coalition cabinet of Angela Merkel on 22 November 2005. In October 2009 he became Minister of Labour and Social Affairs but resigned a month later.
Fu Shou (died 214) was an empress of the Eastern Han dynasty of China. She was the first wife of Emperor Xian, the last Han emperor.
Oscar Fredrik von Sydow (12 July 1873 – 19 August 1936) was a Swedish politician who served briefly as Prime Minister of Sweden from 23 February to 13 October 1921.
Rickard Johannes Sandler (29 January 1884 – 12 November 1964) was a Swedish Social Democratic politician. He served as
Kim Kirchen (born 3 July 1978 in Luxembourg City) is a former Luxembourg road racing cyclist. He is the son of cyclist Erny Kirchen and the great-nephew of cyclist Jeng Kirchen.
Alessandro Cortini (born May 24, 1976) is an Italian musician best known for being the keyboard player in the American band Nine Inch Nails, Cortini is also the frontman for the Los Angeles-based electronic-alternative band SONOIO.
Admiral Group plc is a motor insurance company with its head office in Cardiff, Wales. Listed on the London Stock Exchange, it is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
Eric Sylvain Abidal (; born 11 September 1979) is a French former professional footballer who played as a left back or a central defender, and is the director of football of FC Barcelona.
Erwin Koeman (born 20 September 1961) is a Dutch retired professional football player and football manager who is the current head coach of Oman.
Wooroloo is a town on the outer fringe of the Perth metropolitan area, located off Great Eastern Highway in the eastern part of the Shire of Mundaring. At the , Wooroloo had a population of 254.
Pottinger Street  is a street in Central, Hong Kong. It is also known as the "Stone Slabs Street"  since the street is paved unevenly by granite stone steps. It was named in 1858 after Henry Pottinger, the first Governor of Hong Kong, serving from 1843 to 1844.
Tepuka is an island eighteen kilometers west of Fongafale, in the northwest of Funafuti, the main atoll of the Oceanian nation of Tuvalu. Te puka, or Pouka, is the name of a tree - "Hernandia peltata".
Joseph William Castillo (born March 30, 1966) is an American musician and songwriter. He is best known for being the drummer of the hard rock band Queens of the Stone Age from 2002 to 2012. He has also been a member of Danzig, Eagles of Death Metal, California Breed, Zilch, and Scott Weiland and the Wildabouts.
Steinhorst  is a municipality in Kreis Herzogtum Lauenburg in Schleswig-Holstein. It belongs to the "Amt" Sandesneben-Nusse.
Rachel Haden (born October 11, 1971 in New York City) is an American musician and one of the triplet daughters of jazz bassist Charlie Haden.
Combs-la-Ville is a commune in the south-eastern suburbs of Paris, in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France in north-central France. It is located from the center of Paris, in the "new town" of Sénart, created in the 1970s.
Bourbon-Lancy is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne in eastern France.
Netball SA Stadium  is a sporting venue located in Adelaide, South Australia, opposite SA Athletics Stadium, Adelaide's premier  athletics stadium. It is a specialist netball facility, hosting matches in the Suncorp Super Netball league, the Australian Netball League and other netball events and competitions. 
John Adelbert Parkhurst (September 24, 1861 – March 1, 1925) was an American astronomer.
Natalia Rodríguez Gallego (born 11 December 1982) better known as Natalia is a Spanish singer. She was a contestant on the successful Spanish TV show Operación Triunfo in 2001, where she finished 13th.
KGSR (93.3 FM, "Star 93-3") is a radio station licensed to Cedar Park, Texas, and serving the Austin-Round Rock metropolitan area. Owned by Emmis Austin Radio Broadcasting Company — a joint venture of Emmis Communications and Sinclair Communications  with Emmis as controlling stakeholder, it broadcasts a soft adult contemporary format. 
The is one of the pre-eminent national art museums in Japan.
Hans Folz ( 1437 – January 1513) was a German author of the late medieval or early Renaissance period.
Karl Hermann Amandus Schwarz (; 25 January 1843 – 30 November 1921) was a German mathematician, known for his work in complex analysis.
Christine Errath (later Trettin then Stüber, born 29 December 1956) is a German former figure skater who represented East Germany in competition. She is the 1976 Olympic bronze medalist, the 1974 World champion, and a three-time European champion.
System Capital Management or SCM  is a major Ukrainian financial and industrial holding company with headquarters in Donetsk in the east of the country. The business is controlled by a Ukrainian businessman Rinat Akhmetov who owns 100% of the company shares. 
Castrop-Rauxel  is a former mining city in the eastern part of the Ruhr Area in Germany.
The New Jersey Democratic State Committee  is the affiliate of the Democratic Party in the state of New Jersey.
Acoua is a commune in the French overseas department of Mayotte, in the Indian Ocean.
Tsingoni is a commune in the French overseas department of Mayotte, in the Indian Ocean.
Football Club Broxbourne Borough is a football club based in Broxbourne, Hertfordshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Goffs Lane in Cheshunt.
Ram Vaswani (born c. 1970 in London) is an English professional snooker player, turned professional poker player and the youngest member of The Hendon Mob, a group of professional poker players. He resides in Finchley with his wife Jackie and daughter Hollie.
Harpers Brook is a tributary of the river Nene which runs through Northamptonshire.
Moissy-Cramayel is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France. It is located in the metropolitan area of Paris, southeast from the center of Paris, in the "new town" of Sénart, created in the 1970s.
Cornard United Football Club is a football club based in Great Cornard, near Sudbury, Suffolk, England. They are currently members of the and play at Blackhouse Lane.
Club Esportiu Europa is a Spanish football team based in the city of Barcelona in the district of Gràcia, in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1907, it plays in the Tercera División – Group 5, holding home games at "Nou Sardenya", with a capacity of 7,000 seats.
Paul Davis (born July 21, 1984) is an American retired professional basketball player. Standing at , he played at the power forward and center positions.
North Fork Bank was an American bank from 1950 until 2008 when it became Capital One Bank .
March Town United Football Club is a football club based in March, Cambridgeshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at the GER Sports Ground.
The University of Jos, abbreviated as Unijos, is a Federal University in Jos, Plateau State, central Nigeria.
Chalfont Wasps Football Club is a football club based in Chalfont St Giles, near Amersham, England. They are currently members of the and play at the Nest on Crossleys road.
Holyport Football Club is a football club based in Holyport, near Maidenhead, England. They are currently members of the and play at Summerleaze Village in Maidenhead.
Pope John XIX of Alexandria , 113th Pope of Alexandria & Patriarch of the See of St. Mark.
Ahmad Qavam (2 January 1873 – 23 July 1955; ), also known as Qavam os-Saltaneh , was a politician who served as Prime Minister of Iran five times.
Columbia was an American brand of automobiles produced by a group of companies in the United States. They included the Pope Manufacturing Company of Hartford, Connecticut, the Electric Vehicle Company, and an entity of brief existence in 1899, the Columbia Automobile Company.
South Pacific Airlines of New Zealand  was a New Zealand airline, operating between 1960 and 1966. It is regarded as a forerunner to Ansett New Zealand.
Mullayar River is a tributary of the Periyar River, the longest river in Kerala. It originates at Kottamalai peak in the Periyar Tiger Reserve. 
Woodstock Town Football Club is a football club based in Woodstock, Oxfordshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at New Road.
Australind is a town in the Shire of Harvey, Western Australia, and can be found 12 km north-east of Bunbury's central business district. Its local government area is the Shire of Harvey. At the 2016 census, Australind had a population of 14,539.
Staveley Miners Welfare Football Club is an English football club based in Staveley, Derbyshire. They play in the Northern Counties East Football League Premier Division, at level 9 of the English football league system.
Ispra is a "comune" and small town on the eastern coast of Lake Maggiore, in the province of Varese .
The River Devon  is a tributary of the River Forth in Clackmannanshire, Scotland.
WJDA is a radio station in Quincy, Massachusetts, serving the Boston area with a religious/ethnic format. The station operates on 1300 kHz on the AM dial, with studios in Chelsea. 
Kitty Films  was a production company established in 1972 in Japan. 
Faith Bandler (27 September 1918 13 February 2015; née Ida Lessing Faith Mussing) was an Australian civil rights activist of South Sea Islander and Scottish-Indian heritage. She was a campaigner for the rights of indigenous Australians and South Sea Islanders. 
Alexandria is a small farming town in the Eastern Cape of South Africa and is situated 100 km North East of Port Elizabeth on the way to Bushman's River Mouth, Kenton-on-Sea and Port Alfred. Alexandria is part of the Ndlambe Local Municipality in the Sarah Baartman District Municipality of the Eastern Cape.
Paul Gustave Marie Camille Hazard (; 30 April 1878, Noordpeene, Nord – 13 April 1944, Paris), was a French professor and historian of ideas.
Chudleigh is a small town located within the Teignbridge District Council area of Devon, England between Newton Abbot and Exeter. The electoral ward with the same name had a population of 6,125 at the 2011 census.
Maria, Duchess of Gloucester and Edinburgh (née Maria Walpole; 10 July 1736 – 22 August 1807) was Countess Waldegrave from 1759 to 1766 as the wife of James Waldegrave, 2nd Earl Waldegrave, and a member of the British royal family from 1766 as the wife of Prince William Henry, Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh.
KCKC is an adult contemporary station based in Kansas City, Missouri that operates at 102.1 MHz with an ERP of 100 kW. The station is licensed to and operated by Steel City Media. The station's studios are located at Westport Center in Midtown Kansas City, and its transmitter is located in Independence, Missouri.
Eilika of Saxony ( – 16 January 1142) was a daughter of Magnus, Duke of Saxony and a member of the Billung dynasty. Through marriage to Otto of Ballenstedt, she was countess of Ballenstedt.
Farleigh Rovers Football Club is a football club based in Warlingham, Surrey, England. The club are currently members of the and play at Parsonage Field.
Worcester Park Football Club is an English football club based in Worcester Park in the London Borough of Sutton, England and part of the Worcester Park Athletic Club. They are currently members of the and play at Skinners Field.
Raw Dog Comedy is an uncensored comedy station on Sirius XM Radio channel 99, replacing xL XM Comedy on channel 150 on November 12, 2008. Raw Dog plays uncensored comedy programming and stand-up from various comedians. 
2BE was the call sign of the first official radio station to broadcast in Northern Ireland. Operated by the British Broadcasting Company , it started transmissions from Belfast on 15 September 1924 using a wavelength of 435 m (689 kHz). 
Maxime Bernier (born January 18, 1963) is a Canadian businessman"," lawyer, and politician serving as Member of Parliament for the riding of Beauce since 2006. He is the founder and current leader of the People's Party of Canada.
Hamworthy United Football Club is a football club based in Hamworthy, a suburb of Poole, England. Formed in 1970 as a merger of Hamworthy and Trinidad Old Boys, they are currently members of the and play at the County Ground. 
Renchen is a small city in Baden-Württemberg, Germany, part of the district of Ortenau.
Miyegombyn Enkhbold (, "Miyégombīn Enhbold"; born 19 July 1964) is a Mongolian politician who was Prime Minister of Mongolia from January 2006 to November 2007 and Deputy Prime Minister from 2007 to 2012. He has been Chairman of the State Great Khural, the Mongolian parliament, since 2016.
Count Pyotr Alexandrovich Rumyantsev-Zadunaisky  was one of the foremost Russian generals of the 18th century. He governed Little Russia in the name of Empress Catherine the Great from the abolition of the Cossack Hetmanate in 1764 until Catherine's death 32 years later. 
Alnwick Town Association Football Club is a football club based in Alnwick, Northumberland, England. They are currently members of the and play at St James' Park.
Marske United Football Club is a football club based in Marske-by-the-Sea, North Yorkshire, England. They are currently members of the and play at Mount Pleasant.
ANEK Lines  is the largest passenger shipping company in Greece. It was founded in 1967 by numerous shareholders who were inhabitants of Crete. 
Tigranes I of Armenia  reigned as King of Armenia from 115 BC to 95 BC. Artavasdes I did not leave any heir; his brother Tigranes ascended to the throne of the Artaxiads. According to Appian, Tigranes II was not the son of Artavasdes, but of Tigranes I.
Yegor  Ivanovich Zolotarev  (March 31, 1847, Saint Petersburg – July 19, 1878, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian mathematician.
Pollone is a "comune"  in the Province of Biella in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about west of Biella. 
Formerly known as Pusat Teknologi dan Pengurusan Lanjutan , MSU College  is a private college in Malaysia. Its main campus is located in Shah Alam, Selangor.
Carenno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about southeast of Lecco. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,476 and an area of .
Stijn Vreven (born 18 July 1973) is a Belgian former professional football and currently manager of Beerschot Wilrijk in the Belgian First Division B.
Lomagna  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about south of Lecco.
Olginate  is a "comune"  in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy, located about northeast of Milan and about south of Lecco. As of October 2010, it had a population of 7,200 and an area of .
La Bosse is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.
Carmignano is a "comune"  in the province of Prato, part of the Italian region Tuscany. It is located about west of Florence and about southwest of Prato. 
Tafea Football Club is a soccer team from Port Vila in Vanuatu.
Beura-Cardezza is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania. 
Cossogno  is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about north of Verbania.
Gurro is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northeast of Verbania. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 288 and an area of .
Montecrestese is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,197 and an area of .
Premia  is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 607 and an area of .
Valstrona is a "comune"  in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin and about southwest of Verbania. 
Berchidda  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, located about north of Cagliari and about southwest of Olbia.
Palau  is a "comune"  in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia, about north of Cagliari and about northwest of Olbia. It was a "frazione" of the "comune" of Tempio Pausania until 1959.
Jagstzell is a municipality in the German state of Baden-Württemberg, in Ostalbkreis district.
Francisco Diez Canseco (21 March 1821 in Arequipa, Peru – 5 October 1884 in Lima, Peru) served as Interim President of Peru for a brief period during 1872. He was the brother of General Pedro Diez Canseco.
Gregory III Laham, B.S. (; ; born Lutfy Laham, December 15, 1933, in Darayya, Syria), Emeritus Patriarch of Antioch and All the East, of Alexandria and Jerusalem, is the former spiritual leader of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church. He was elected on November 29, 2000, succeeding Patriarch Maximos V Hakim. 
Eastgate Systems is a publisher and software company headquartered in Watertown, Massachusetts, which publishes hypertext.
Ajax Orlando Prospects was an American soccer team, founded in 2002. The team was a member of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League , the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, until 2006, when the team left the league and the franchise was terminated.
Reds United Football Club was an Irish association football club, originally formed in Ringsend, Dublin. Reds United were active in the mid–1930s and played in the Leinster Senior League, the League of Ireland and the FAI Cup. The club was formed by former members of Shelbourne after the latter club was suspended from the League of Ireland at the end of the 1933–34 season.
PingPong  is an Israeli pop quartet that represented Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2000 with the song Sameach .
Clube Desportivo Olivais e Moscavide  is a Portuguese football club, founded in 1912, that plays on the border between Lisbon's neighbourhood of Santa Maria dos Olivais and the town of Moscavide . Their home ground is the Estádio Alfredo Marques Augusto stadium while they currently participate within the AF Lisboa 2ª Divisão Série 2 division  since the beginning of the 2012/13 Portuguese league season.
The Kerch Peninsula is a major and prominent geographic peninsula located at the eastern end of the Crimean Peninsula.
Cartoon Network is an Australian pay television television channel created by Turner Broadcasting which primarily shows animated programming, It was launched on 3 October 1995.
Taiwan Tobacco and Liquor Corporation  is a state-owned manufacturer and distributor of cigarettes and alcohol in Taiwan. Its most famous product is Taiwan Beer. 
Saky  or Saki  is a town of regional significance in the Crimean peninsula, currently subject to a territorial dispute between the Russian Federation and Ukraine. Although it is the administrative centre of the Saky Raion, it does not belong to the raion , serving instead as the center and the only locality of Saky municipality. Population: 
Alba de Yeltes is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.
Aldeaseca de la Frontera is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located from the city of Salamanca and has a population of 292 people.
Fahad Al Mehalel (, born November 11, 1970) is a retired Saudi Arabian football striker.
Xichang Qingshan Airport  is an airport serving Xichang, the capital city of Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture in Sichuan Province, China. The airport started an expansion project in February 2010.
Cheyenne Enterprises is an American television and film production company, based in Santa Monica, California.
James Vincent Stanton (born February 27, 1932) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Floreat Athena Football Club is an association football  club based in Perth, Western Australia. The club competes in the National Premier Leagues Western Australia. The club's founders were of Greek heritage.
Brock Air Services is a Canadian charter and Medivac airline based in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.
Steps Ahead is a jazz fusion group formed by vibraphonist Mike Mainieri in the 1970s. The lineup consisted of Mainieri, Michael Brecker, Don Grolnick, Eddie Gómez, and Steve Gadd and would change often over the years. 
Georg Matthias Monn (born "Johann Georg Mann" 9 April 1717, Vienna – 3 October 1750, Vienna) was an Austrian composer, organist and music teacher whose works were fashioned in the transition from the Baroque to Classical period in music.
The Smalls are a Canadian hard rock/metal band formed in 1989 in Edmonton. They were influenced by jazz, hardcore punk, speed metal and country music. 
Big Torch Key is an island in the lower Florida Keys.
Academia Fútbol Club was a Colombian football  team, based in Bogotá. The club was founded in 2005 and dissolved in 2012, becoming Llaneros F.C..
Uwe Reinders (born 19 January 1955) is a German former footballer and manager.
The Sierra Madre de Chiapas  is a major mountain range in Central America. The Sierra Madre de Chiapas is part of the American Cordillera, a chain of mountain ranges that consists of an almost continuous sequence of mountain ranges that form the western "backbone" of North America, Central America, and South America.
Mecsek  is a mountain range in southern Hungary. It is situated in the Baranya region, in the north of the city of Pécs.
Mauro Gianetti (born 16 March 1964 in Lugano) is a Swiss directeur sportif, and a former rider in professional road bicycle racing. Gianetti was employed as team manager for the cycling team throughout its existence between 2004 and 2011.
Lilhac is a commune in the Haute Garonne department in southwestern France.
ChickFight was a women's professional wrestling promotion based in San Francisco, California.
The Maccabees were an English indie rock band, formed in 2004 in London. They released four albums: "Colour It In" in 2007, followed by "Wall of Arms" in 2009, "Given to the Wild" which was released on 9 January 2012 and their last album "Marks to Prove It" released on 31 July 2015. 
Jean Catherine Pickering (née Desforges; 4 July 1929 – 25 March 2013) was a female track and field athlete from Great Britain, who competed mainly in the 80 metres hurdles and long jump.
Wolf Island or Wenman Island is a small island in the Galápagos Islands and was named after the German geologist Theodor Wolf, who also has the volcano Wolf on Isabela Island named after him. It has an area of and a maximum altitude of above sea level.
Mazaricos is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia. It belongs to the comarca of Xallas. Its capital is in A Picota.
Unione Sportiva Oratorio Calcio was an Italian association football club representing the Lombardian towns of Calcio, Lombardy.
The Haraz River  is a notable river flowing through the Mazandaran Province of northern Iran. It flows northwards, from the Alborz mountain range into the Caspian Sea.
Mumias is a town in Kakamega County of Kenya. The town has an urban population of 116,358 (2009 census).
Sweety Shetty (born 7 November 1981), known by her stage name Anushka Shetty, is an Indian actress and model who predominantly works in Telugu film industry and Tamil film industry. She has received several accolades, including three CineMAA Awards, a Nandi Award, TN State Film Awards and three Filmfare Awards from eight nominations.
Mara Rosalind Yamauchi (born Mara Myers 13 August 1973) is a British long-distance track and road running athlete. She currently holds the second fastest time by a British woman over the marathon, behind the world-record holder, Paula Radcliffe.
Abejar is a town in the Spanish province of Soria, and the autonomous community of Castilla y León.
FC Khimki  is a Russian association football club based in Khimki.
Old Buckenham Airfield , formerly RAF Old Buckenham, is located southwest of Norwich, East Anglia, England.
Stronsay Airport is located northeast by north of Kirkwall Airport on Stronsay, Orkney Islands, Scotland.
Snake Creek  is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, and Broome County, New York, in the United States.
Edward Buzzell (November 13, 1895 – January 11, 1985) was an American film director whose credits include Child of Manhattan (1933) for Columbia Pictures, and for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, "Honolulu" (1939), the Marx Brothers films "At the Circus" (1939) and "Go West" (1940), the musicals "Best Foot Forward" (1943) with Lucille Ball, "Song of the Thin Man" (1947) with Myrna Loy, and "Neptune's Daughter" (1949) with Esther Williams, and "Easy to Wed", starring Van Johnson, Williams, and Ball.
Cabrerizos is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located only from the city of Salamanca and has a population of 4205 people. The municipality covers an area of 12 km², lying above sea level and the post code is 37193.
The River Dunsop is a river in the Forest of Bowland in Northern England. It flows into the River Hodder at Dunsop Bridge.
The Montréal Centre for International Studies , known as Cérium, is a research centre of the Université de Montréal whose specialization is international studies.
The River Hindburn is a river in Lancashire, England.
The Jatiya Samajtantrik Dal  is a political party in Bangladesh.
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Licata 1931 is an Italian association football club located in Licata, Sicily.
Tashtagol  is a town in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia, located on the Kondoma River south of Kemerovo, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Charity Kaluki Ngilu (born 1952) is a Kenyan politician and the second governor elected for Kitui County. She served as Minister for Health from 2003 until 2007 and Minister of Water and Irrigation from April 2008 to 2013. 
Arab American University , is a private Palestinian joint venture university based in the cities of Jenin and Ramallah. It was founded in 2000 in collaboration with California State University, Stanislaus  in Stanislaus and Utah State University  in Logan.
Adolf Muschg (born 13 May 1934) is a Swiss writer and professor of literature. Muschg was a member of the Gruppe Olten.
Rieussec  is a commune in the Hérault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.
Ragged Keys are small islands north of the upper Florida Keys.
El Cubo de Don Sancho is a large municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and as of 2016 has a population of 463 people.
The Transdanubian Mountains  are a mountain range in Hungary covering about 7000 km². Its highest peak is the "Pilis", with a height of 757 metres.
Charles Martin Colombo (July 20, 1920 in St. Louis, Missouri – May 7, 1986 in St. Louis, Missouri) was an American soccer player who earned 11 caps as center half for the United States men's national soccer team. He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame.
Lagunilla is a municipality in the Province of Salamanca, Spain. It is from the provincial capital of Salamanca.
Narodnyy Klub Veres Rivne is a Ukrainian football club based in Rivne.
Maside is a municipality in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.
Chandrexa de Queixa is a larger municipality in Ourense  in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. It lies towards the north-east of Ourense Province.
A Peroxa is a municipality in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. It is located to the very north of the province.
Vilar de Barrio is a municipality in Ourense  in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. It is located in the very centre of the province.
Julio Le Parc (born September 23, 1928) is an Argentina-born artist who focuses on both modern op art and kinetic art. Le Parc attended the School of Fine Arts in Argentina. A founding member of Groupe de Recherche d’Art Visuel  and award-winning artworks, he is a significant figure in Argentinean modern art.
Kirstine "Paprika" Steen (born 3 November 1964) is a Danish actress and director best known for her performances in the films "Festen", "The Idiots", and "Open Hearts". Steen was the first Danish actress since Karin Nellemose in 1994 to win both Best Actress  and Best Supporting Actress  in the same year at the Robert Festival, the Danish equivalent of the Oscars.
A Pobra de Trives is a municipality in Ourense  in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. It lies towards the north-east of the province.
Sabden Brook is a small river running through Lancashire in England. It is long and has a catchment area of .
The Czech Hydrometeorological Institute   is within the Environmental Ministry of the Czech Republic. The head office and centralized workplaces of the CHMI, including the data processing, telecommunication and technical services, are located at the Institute's own campus in Prague. 
Trinity Lutheran Seminary at Capital University is a seminary of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, located in Columbus, Ohio.
Central Institute of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants  is a research institute of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research  with its headquarter in Lucknow. It is engaged in the field of science and business of medicinal and aromatic plants. 
WSBA (910 AM, "NewsTalk 93.9 & 910 WSBA") is a commercial AM radio station licensed to serve York, Pennsylvania. The station is owned by Cumulus Media Inc. through licensee Radio License Holding SRC, LLC and broadcasts a news/talk format.
Dios le Guarde is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and as of 2016 has a population of 139 people.
Navarredonda de la Rinconada, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, is a village and municipality in the western province of Salamanca in Spain. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 185 people.
The Sandinista Renovation Movement  is a Nicaraguan political party founded on May 21, 1995. Among its founders there are prominent militants of the Sandinista National Liberation Front  militants whom separated from that political party because of discrepancies with the leadership led by Daniel Ortega. 
WCAT-FM is Red 102.3, a 3,000-watt country music radio station in Carlisle, Pennsylvania serving Carlisle and the surrounding communities.
Coffee Republic is a British coffee bar and deli franchise chain founded in 1995.
Yury Sergeyevich Osipov (; born 7 July 1936) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician. He was elected a full member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR in 1987 and has been president of its successor, the Russian Academy of Sciences, since 17 December 1991.
Bernardo de Irigoyen (December 18, 1822 — December 27, 1906) was an Argentine lawyer, diplomat and politician.
Charles Aurelius Smith (January 22, 1861April 1, 1916) was the 91st Governor of South Carolina from January 14 to January 19, 1915. His term of five days stands as the shortest for any governor in South Carolina.
Herguijuela de la Sierra is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castilla y León. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 299 people. 
Vitigudino is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located 67 kilometers from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 2,634 people.
Frades de la Sierra is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 208 people.
KRCL is a listener-supported community radio station in Salt Lake City, Utah. KRCL is a non-profit organization that airs music and public affairs programming.
Al-Nasr Sports, Cultural, and Social Club  is a Libyan football club based in Benghazi, Libya.
KLSE (90.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Rochester, Minnesota. The station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio , and airs MPR's Classical Music Network, originating from KSJN in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
Le Mesnillard is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
Juho Heikki Vennola (originally Karhu, 19 June 1872 in Oulu – 3 December 1938 in Helsinki) was Professor of National Economics at the University of Helsinki, a member of the Parliament of Finland, and a politician from the National Progressive Party, who served as Prime Minister of Finland for two times.
Le Lorey is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
El Milano is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 123 people.
Puebla de Yeltes is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 151 people.
TV Mania was a British-American electronic band founded in 1995 that consisted of keyboardist Nick Rhodes and guitarist Warren Cuccurullo , long-time Duran Duran keyboard tech and collaborator Mark Tinley  and producer/multi-instrumentalist Anthony J. Resta.
Columbia Gorge Community College is a community college in The Dalles, Oregon, United States on the Columbia River in The Columbia River Gorge.
Ambroise Marie François Joseph Palisot, Baron de Beauvois (27 July 1752, Arras – 21 January 1820, Paris) was a French naturalist.
The River Camac  is one of the larger rivers in Dublin and was one of four tributaries of the Liffey critical to the early development of the city.
The National Liberal and Conservative Party was the name adopted by the Conservative Party of Canada in 1920 after the end of the Unionist government of Robert Borden.
The Fox River is a river in eastern Wisconsin in the Great Lakes region of the United States. It is the principal tributary of the Bay of Green Bay, and via the Bay, the largest tributary of Lake Michigan. The well-known city of Green Bay, one of the first European settlements in North America, is on the river at its mouth on lower Green Bay. 
Stuart McPhail Hall (3 February 1932 – 10 February 2014) was a Jamaican-born British Marxist sociologist, cultural theorist and political activist. Hall, along with Richard Hoggart and Raymond Williams, was one of the founding figures of the school of thought that is now known as British Cultural Studies or The Birmingham School of Cultural Studies.
Marcus Antistius Labeo (d. 10 or 11 AD) was an Ancient Roman jurist of the gens Antistia.
Peri Gilpin (born Peri Kay Oldham; May 27, 1961) is an American actress. She portrayed Roz Doyle in the U.S. television series "Frasier", and Kim Keeler in the ABC Family television drama "Make It or Break It".
Voskresensk  is a town and the administrative center of Voskresensky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located upon the banks of the Moskva River southeast from Moscow. Population: 
Ici Musique  is the French-language music radio service of Canada's national public broadcaster, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . It is the French equivalent of the English CBC Music, although it has a different programming focus.
Ouarzazate , nicknamed "The door of the desert", is a city and capital of Ouarzazate Province in Drâa-Tafilalet region of south-central Morocco. Ouarzazate is at an elevation of in the middle of a bare plateau south of the High Atlas Mountains. To the south of the town is the desert.
Vissarion Grigoryevich Belinsky  was a Russian literary critic of Westernizing tendency. Belinsky played one of the key roles in the career of poet and publisher Nikolay Nekrasov and his popular magazine "Sovremennik".
Tripoli  is a city in the central part of the Peloponnese, in Greece. It is the capital of the Peloponnese region as well as of the regional unit of Arcadia. 
Baruch College  is a public college in New York City. It is a constituent college of the City University of New York system. Named for financier and statesman Bernard M. Baruch, the college operates undergraduate, masters, and Ph.D. programs through its Zicklin School of Business, the Weissman School of Arts and Sciences, and the Marxe School of Public and International Affairs.
West Burra is one of the Scalloway Islands, a subgroup of the Shetland Islands in Scotland. It is connected by bridge to East Burra. With an area of , it is the eleventh largest of the Shetland Islands.
Wyre is one of the Orkney Islands, lying south-east of Rousay. It is and at its highest point. 
Ryazan  is a city and the administrative center of Ryazan Oblast, Russia, located on the Oka River southeast of Moscow. Population: 
Pinchas Zukerman (, born 16 July 1948) is an Israeli-American violinist, violist and conductor.
Randolph Frederick Edward Spencer-Churchill (28 May 1911 – 6 June 1968) was a British journalist, writer and a Conservative Member of Parliament  for Preston from 1940 to 1945.
Authie is a French commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region of north-western France.
WSB-FM (98.5 FM) is an Atlanta radio station. Along with several other Atlanta radio stations, WSB-FM is owned by the Cox Media Group subsidiary of Cox Enterprises, and is the group's flagship FM station. 
Abu Dhabi International Airport  is an international airport in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates.
Saskia van Uylenburgh (2 August 1612 – 14 June 1642) was the wife of painter Rembrandt van Rijn. In the course of her life she was his model for some of his paintings, drawings and etchings. 
George Robert Gray FRS (8 July 1808 – 6 May 1872) was an English zoologist and author, and head of the ornithological section of the British Museum, now the Natural History Museum, in London for forty-one years. He was the younger brother of the zoologist John Edward Gray and the son of the botanist Samuel Frederick Gray.
Show Aikawa was born in Tokushima and raised in Kagoshima. Aikawa has appeared in a number of Kiyoshi Kurosawa's films, including "Eyes of the Spider", "Serpent's Path", "License to Live", "Seance", and "Pulse".
Gregory La Cava (March 10, 1892 – March 1, 1952) was an American film director of Italian descent best known for his films of the 1930s, including "My Man Godfrey" and "Stage Door", which earned him nominations for Academy Award for Best Director.
The Laramie Mountains are a range of moderately high peaks on the eastern edge of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S states of Wyoming and Colorado. The range is the northernmost extension of the line of the ranges along the eastern side of the Rockies, and in particular of the higher peaks of the Front Range directly to the south. North of the range, the gap between the Laramie range and the Bighorn Mountains provided the route for historical trails, such as the Oregon Trail, the Mormon Trail, and the Pony Express.
Enrico Anthony Lazio (; born March 13, 1958) is a former four-term U.S. Representative from the State of New York. Lazio became well-known during his bid for U.S. Senate in New York's 2000 Senate election; he was defeated by Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
Arthur Karl Greiser (22 January 1897 – 21 July 1946) was a Nazi German politician, SS-Obergruppenführer and Reichsstatthalter  of the German-occupied territory of Wartheland. He was one of the persons primarily responsible for organizing the Holocaust in occupied Poland and numerous other crimes against humanity. 
Gagarin , known until 1968 as Gzhatsk , is a town and the administrative center of Gagarinsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located on the Gzhat River, northeast of Smolensk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Nancy Anne Kress (born January 20, 1948) is an American science fiction writer. She began writing in 1976 but has achieved her greatest notice since the publication of her Hugo and Nebula-winning 1991 novella "Beggars in Spain", which she later expanded into a novel with the same title. She has also won the Nebula Award for Best Novella in 2013 for "After the Fall, Before the Fall, During the Fall", and in 2015 for "Yesterday's Kin".
Cramlington is a town and civil parish in Northumberland, England,
Collin Clark Peterson (born June 29, 1944) is an American politician, a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party, the U.S. Representative for , and the most senior representative from Minnesota, serving since 1991. He is the chair of the House Committee on Agriculture as of the start of the 116th Congress and is the dean of the Minnesota congressional delegation. A conservative Democrat, his district, Minnesota's largest and most rural district, includes most of the western area of the state, including Moorhead, Fergus Falls, Bemidji, Detroit Lakes, Thief River Falls, Willmar, Marshall, and Alexandria.
Andrew Lintner Harris  (November 17, 1835 – September 13, 1915) was one of the heroes of the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War and served as the 44th Governor of Ohio.
The Welsh Highland Railway  or Rheilffordd Eryri is a long, restored narrow gauge heritage railway in the Welsh county of Gwynedd, operating from Caernarfon to Porthmadog, and passing through a number of popular tourist destinations including Beddgelert and the Aberglaslyn Pass. At Porthmadog it connects with the Ffestiniog Railway and to the short Welsh Highland Heritage Railway. 
The Tom River  is a river in Russia, a right tributary of the Ob River in Central Siberia. Its watershed lies within the Republic of Khakassia, Kemerovo Oblast, and Tomsk Oblast.
Hispaniola  is an island in the Caribbean archipelago known as the Greater Antilles. It is the second largest island in the West Indies after Cuba, and the most populous island in the West Indies; it is also the eleventh most populous island in the world.
Hannibal Barca (; , ; 247 – between 183 and 181 BC) was a general and statesman from Ancient Carthage who is widely considered one of the greatest military commanders in history. His father, Hamilcar Barca, was a leading Carthaginian commander during the First Punic War (264–241 BC). 
Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, (born Henry Charles Albert David; 15 September 1984) is a member of the British royal family. He is the younger son of Charles, Prince of Wales, and Diana, Princess of Wales, and is sixth in the line of succession to the British throne. He was officially styled Prince Henry of Wales from birth until his marriage, but is known as Prince Harry.
The International Organization for Standardization  is an international standard-setting body composed of representatives from various national standards organizations.
Irving Langmuir (; January 31, 1881 – August 16, 1957) was an American chemist and physicist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1932 for his work in surface chemistry.
Jeep is a brand of American automobile and division of FCA US LLC , a wholly owned subsidiary of the Italian-American corporation Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. Jeep has been a part of Chrysler since 1987, when Chrysler acquired the Jeep brand, along with remaining assets, from its previous owner American Motors Corporation .
Johannes Rau (; 16 January 193127 January 2006) was a German politician . He was President of Germany from 1 July 1999 until 30 June 2004 and Minister President of North Rhine-Westphalia from 20 September 1978 to 9 June 1998. 
Jeff Mills (born June 18, 1963, in Detroit, Michigan) is an American DJ, record producer and composer. Thanks to his technical abilities as a DJ, Mills became known as "The Wizard" in the early to mid 1980s.
John von Neumann (; , ; December 28, 1903 – February 8, 1957) was a Hungarian-American mathematician, physicist, computer scientist, and polymath. Von Neumann was generally regarded as the foremost mathematician of his time and said to be "the last representative of the great mathematicians"; a genius who was comfortable integrating both pure and applied sciences.
Jackson is a city in the south central area of the U.S. state of Michigan, about west of Ann Arbor and south of Lansing. It is the county seat of Jackson County. 
James Todd Spader (born February 7, 1960) is an American actor. He is best known for portraying eccentric characters in films such as the drama "Sex, Lies, and Videotape" (1989), the action science fiction film "Stargate" (1994), the controversial psychological thriller "Crash" (1996), and the erotic romance "Secretary" (2002). In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, he played the titular character of Ultron in "" (2015), which he portrayed through voice and motion capture.
John Milton (9 December 16088 November 1674) was an English poet, polemicist, man of letters, and civil servant for the Commonwealth of England under its Council of State and later under Oliver Cromwell. He wrote at a time of religious flux and political upheaval, and is best known for his epic poem "Paradise Lost" (1667), written in blank verse.
Paul Jackson Pollock (; January 28, 1912 – August 11, 1956) was an American painter and a major figure in the abstract expressionist movement.
Jerry Eugene Pournelle (; August 7, 1933 – September 8, 2017) was an American polymath: scientist in the area of operations research and human factors research, science fiction writer, essayist, journalist, and one of the first bloggers. In the 1960s and early 1970s he worked in the aerospace industry, but eventually focused on his writing career. 
Jay Scott Greenspan (born September 23, 1959), known by his stage name Jason Alexander, is an American actor, voice actor, singer, comedian, and director. Alexander is best known for his role as George Costanza in the television series "Seinfeld", for which he was nominated for six consecutive Primetime Emmy Awards and three Golden Globe Awards. Other well-known roles include Phillip Stuckey in the film "Pretty Woman" (1990) and the title character in the animated series "Duckman" (1994–1997).
James Logan Jones Jr. (born December 19, 1943) is a retired United States Marine Corps general and a former United States National Security Advisor. During his military career, he served as the 32nd Commandant of the Marine Corps from July 1999 to January 2003, and Commander, United States European Command and Supreme Allied Commander Europe from 2003 to 2006. 
Javier Pedro Saviola Fernández (; born 11 December 1981) is an Argentine retired professional footballer who played as a forward.
Carl Friedrich Abel (22 December 1723 – 20 June 1787) was a German composer of the Classical era. He was a renowned player of the viola da gamba, and produced significant compositions for that instrument.
Harold Adrian Russell "Kim" Philby (1 January 1912 – 11 May 1988) was a high-ranking member of British intelligence who worked as a double agent before defecting to the Soviet Union in 1963. He served as both an NKVD and KGB operative.
Kenneth Elton Kesey (; September 17, 1935 – November 10, 2001) was an American novelist, essayist, and countercultural figure. He considered himself a link between the Beat Generation of the 1950s and the hippies of the 1960s.
Emil Julius Klaus Fuchs (29 December 1911 – 28 January 1988) was a German theoretical physicist and atomic spy who supplied information from the American, British, and Canadian Manhattan Project to the Soviet Union during and shortly after World War II. While at the Los Alamos National Laboratory, Fuchs was responsible for many significant theoretical calculations relating to the first nuclear weapons and, later, early models of the hydrogen bomb. 
The Godavari-Krishna mangroves are a mangrove ecoregion of India's eastern coast.
John Joseph Sheridan (born 1 October 1964) is a football manager and former player. He is the manager of National League club Chesterfield.
John McCracken Robinson (April 10, 1794April 25, 1843) was a United States Senator from Illinois.
Yuna Kim (born September 5, 1990), also credited in eastern name order as Kim Yuna or Kim Yeon-ah, is a South Korean former competitive figure skater. She is the 2010 Olympic champion and 2014 silver medalist in ladies' singles; the 2009 & 2013 World champion; the 2009 Four Continents champion; a three-time (2006–2007, 2007–2008, 2009–2010) Grand Prix Final champion; the 2006 World Junior champion; the 2005 Junior Grand Prix Final champion; and a six-time (2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2013, 2014) South Korean national champion.
Mecerreyes is a village and municipality in the province of Burgos in Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.
Hedy Kaufmann-Schlunegger (10 March 1923 – 3 July 2003) was a Swiss alpine skier. At the 1948 Winter Olympics, Hedy Schlunegger was the first Olympic Gold medalist in Lady's Downhill skiing.
Ioannis "Giannis" Okkas (; born 11 February 1977 in Larnaca) is a retired Cypriot football striker and a football manager. He was also the captain of the Cyprus national football team for many years and he is the 2nd leading scorer of all time just behind Michalis Konstantinou, scoring in total 27 goals for Cyprus. 
Food For The Poor, Inc.  is an ecumenical Christian nonprofit organization based in Coconut Creek, Florida, United States that provides food, medicine, and shelter, among other services, to the poor in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Averett University is a private Baptist college in Danville, Virginia. Founded in 1859 as a women's college, Averett became a 4-year, coeducational institution in 1969. 
The Bura Gauranga River and sea channel are located in the Patuakhali district of Barisal Division in Bangladesh.
Mumbra is a town and suburb of Thane district in Western India in the state of Maharashtra, within the Great Mumbai area.
Lavardin is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.
Club Deportivo Ourense, S.A.D. was a Spanish football team based in Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1952 after the dissolution of old UD Orensana, it played in Segunda División B – Group 1, holding home games at "Estadio O Couto", which has a capacity of 5,625 spectators.
Michael William Eric Tonge (born 7 April 1983) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for EFL League Two club Port Vale.
WSBU is the nationally recognized non-commercial radio station of St. Bonaventure University. It is licensed to the census-designated place of Saint Bonaventure, New York and broadcasts in the area around Allegany and Olean, New York.
The Strangeloves were a band created in 1964 by a New York-based American songwriting production team who pretended to be from Australia.
Sainte-Olive is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
Centre d'Esports Sabadell Futbol Club, S.A.D.  is a Spanish football team based in Sabadell, a city in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia. Founded in 1903, it plays in Segunda División B – Group 3, holding home games at "Estadi de la Nova Creu Alta".
Tatra National Park  is a National Park located in the Tatra Mountains in Tatra County, in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship—Małopolska region, in central-southern Poland. The Park has its headquarters in the town of Zakopane.
Hilchenbach is a town in the Siegen-Wittgenstein "Kreis"  of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Emsdetten  is a town in the district of Steinfurt, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Stade Canac is a stadium in Quebec City, Quebec. It is used primarily for baseball and is the home field for the Quebec Capitales of the Canadian-American Association of Professional Baseball  minor league baseball team. 
The Udzungwa Mountains are a mountain range southeast of Dodoma in Tanzania and are part of the Eastern Arc Mountains. They are clad mostly in rainforest and house a biodiverse community of flora and fauna with large numbers of endemic species.
Emperor Duzong of Song (2 May 1240 – 12 August 1274), personal name Zhao Qi, was the 15th emperor of the Song dynasty in China and the sixth emperor of the Southern Song dynasty. He was a nephew of his predecessor, Emperor Lizong, and reigned from 1264 until his death in 1274. 
The United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves was a pluricontinental monarchy formed by the elevation of the Portuguese colony named State of Brazil to the status of a kingdom and by the simultaneous union of that Kingdom of Brazil with the Kingdom of Portugal and the Kingdom of the Algarves, constituting a single state consisting of three kingdoms.
Heather Moyse (born July 23, 1978) is a Canadian athlete and two-time Olympic gold medalist, representing Canada in international competition as a bobsledder, rugby union player, and track cyclist and competing at the Canadian intercollegiate level in rugby, soccer and track and field.
The River Barle runs from the Chains on northern Exmoor, in Somerset, England to join the River Exe at Exebridge, Devon. The river and the Barle Valley are both designated as biological Site of Special Scientific Interest.
Klaus Sulzenbacher (born 3 February 1965 in Kitzbühel, Austria) is a former Nordic combined skier.
Susanna Rahkamo (born 25 February 1965) is a Finnish former competitive ice dancer. She competed with Petri Kokko, her future husband. With Kokko, she is the 1995 European champion, 1995 World silver medalist, and competed in the Winter Olympics twice.
Michael F. Wilton (born February 23, 1962) also known as The Whip, for how fast his fingers "whip" around the guitar fretboard, heavy metal and hard rock guitarist and songwriter, best known for being a lead and rhythm guitarist and songwriter in the progressive metal band Queensrÿche, which he co-founded in 1982.
Robert MacKinnon (December 5, 1927 – July 7, 2015) was an American college and professional basketball coach. He coached three different professional teams in his career; the American Basketball Association's Spirits of St. Louis, and the NBA's Buffalo Braves and New Jersey Nets. 
During his career, Kasai broke numerous ski jumping records. In 2016, Kasai was honoured with two Guinness World Records certificates for the most individual World Cup starts, not only in ski jumping, but in all World Cup disciplines organized by the International Ski Federation. Kasai has been competing for 30 seasons between 1988–89 and 2018–19, and consecutively since 1995–96.
Heinrich Schiff (18 November 1951 – 23 December 2016) was an Austrian cellist and conductor. 
Selm is a town in the district of Unna, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is situated approximately 20 kilometers north of Dortmund and 25 kilometers west of Hamm.
Voerde is a town in the district of Wesel, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is situated on the right bank of the Rhine, approximately south-east of Wesel, and 20 km north of Duisburg.
The Democratic Union  was a small social-liberal political party in Italy.
Dianne Mary Holum (born May 19, 1951) is a retired American speed skater.
Andrey Sergeyevich Arshavin ( ; born 29 May 1981) is a Russian former professional footballer who played as a forward or midfielder.
SG Union Solingen was a German association football club from Solingen, North Rhine-Westphalia.
Diego Abatantuono (born 20 May 1955) is an Italian cinema and theatre actor, and screenwriter.
Spandauer SV was a German football club from Berlin.
Rheinsberg is a town and a municipality in the Ostprignitz-Ruppin district, in Brandenburg, Germany. It is situated on the river Rhin, approx. 20 km north-east of Neuruppin and 75 km north-west of Berlin.
Edin Dervišhalidović (; born 12 September 1962), known by his stage name Dino Merlin , is a Bosnian singer-songwriter, musician and producer.
Gerhard von Rad (21 October 1901 – 31 October 1971) was a German theologian, academic, and University of Heidelberg professor.
Hingol River or Hungol River  is located in the Makran region, in the Gwadar District of southeastern Balochistan Province, in southwestern Pakistan. The river and valley are protected within Hingol National Park.
Broadspectrum, formerly known as Transfield Services Ltd , is a corporation operating in Australia but owned by Spanish company Ferrovial since June 2016. Broadspectrum was publicly listed until it was purchased by Ferrovial.
Erhard Ratdolt (1442–1528) was an early German printer from Augsburg. He was active as a printer in Venice from 1476 to 1486, and afterwards in Augsburg. 
Fritz John (14 June 1910 – 10 February 1994) was a German-born mathematician specialising in partial differential equations and ill-posed problems. His early work was on the Radon transform and he is remembered for John's equation.
De Kooy Airfield  is an airfield south of Den Helder, Netherlands, named after the nearby hamlet De Kooy. It serves as both a civilian airport under the name Den Helder Airport and a naval airport under the name Maritiem Vliegkamp De Kooy . 
Fritz Klein (24 November 1888 – 13 December 1945) was a German Nazi doctor-war criminal, hanged for his role in atrocities at Bergen-Belsen concentration camp during the Holocaust.
Javier Iruretagoyena Amiano (born 1 April 1948), Irureta for short, is a Spanish retired football attacking midfielder and manager.
Alma (2011 Population 232) is a village in the parish of Alma, Albert County, New Brunswick, Canada. This village is centered on the small delta of the Upper Salmon River and Cleveland Brook, where they empty into Salisbury Bay.
La Goulette  is the port of Tunis, the capital of Tunisia. The Kasbah fortress was built in 1535 by Charles I of Spain but was captured by the Ottoman Turks in 1574. La Goulette is located at around .
Louis Hayes (born May 31, 1937) is an American jazz drummer.
The Acadian Peninsula  is situated in the northeastern corner of New Brunswick, Canada, encompassing portions of Gloucester and Northumberland Counties. It derives its name from the large Acadian population located there. 
Rupali Bank  is a state owned commercial bank in Bangladesh.
Stadion Ergilio Hato  is a multi-purpose stadium in Willemstad, Curaçao. It is also known as Sentro Deportivo Korsou  and is the island's largest stadium, with a capacity of 15,000 spectators. 
Belledune (2011 population: 1,548) is a Canadian village that straddles both Restigouche County and Gloucester County, New Brunswick.
Annise Danette Parker (born May 17, 1956) is an American politician who served as the 61st Mayor of Houston, Texas, from 2010 until 2016. She also served as an at-large member of the Houston City Council from 1998 to 2003 and city controller from 2004 to 2010.
Alexei Vasilievich Gusarov  (born July 8, 1964) is a retired Russian ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Quebec Nordiques, Colorado Avalanche, New York Rangers and St. Louis Blues.
Lambrecht is a town in the Bad Dürkheim district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany lying roughly 6 km northwest of Neustadt an der Weinstraße. It is the seat of the like-named "Verbandsgemeinde".
Callac  is a communes in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in north-western France.
Middlewich Town Football Club is a football club based in the Cheshire town of Middlewich. They currently play in the .
Nuuk Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nuuk, Greenland. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium has a capacity for 2,000.
Cesare Bovo (born 14 January 1983) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Lecce.
Kim Kap-soo (born April 7, 1957) is a South Korean actor. Since his acting debut in 1977, Kim has had a long career on the stage, in television dramas and film. 
Amadeus IT Group is a major Spanish IT provider for the global travel and tourism industry.
Wynnum Wolves Soccer Club, Wolves FC, or WDSC Wolves FC, is a soccer football club with our home grounds in Boundary Street, Tingalpa, Brisbane, Australia. Founded in 1921, the club has a long tradition and currently competes in the Football Queensland Premier League.
Natalya Anatolyevna Petrusyova (; born 2 September 1955) is a former speed skater.
The Singapore Indoor Stadium  is an indoor sports arena, located in Kallang, Singapore.
Silenoz (born Sven Atle Kopperud on 1 March 1977) is a Norwegian guitarist who is a founding member, along with Shagrath and Tjodalv, of the Norwegian symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir of which he is the primary songwriter. He is also guitarist for the death metal supergroup, Insidious Disease.
Audrey Landers (born Audrey Hamburg, July 18, 1956) is an American actress and singer, best known for her role as Afton Cooper on the television series "Dallas" and her role as Val Clarke in the film version of "A Chorus Line" (1985).
Oscar Rudolph Neumann (3 September 1867 – 17 May 1946) was a German ornithologist.
Kigali International Airport , formerly known as Gregoire Kayibanda International Airport, but sometimes referred to as Kanombe International Airport, is the primary airport serving Kigali, the capital of Rwanda. It is the main air gateway for all destinations in the country, and in addition serves as a transit airport for Goma and Bukavu in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
WROW (590 kHz, "Magic 590 AM/100.5 FM") is a commercial AM radio station in Albany, New York. The station is owned by Pamal Broadcasting  and airs an oldies radio format with some adult standards included in the playlist. 
Beas is a municipality located in the province of Huelva, Spain. According to the 2005 census, the village had a population of 4,162 inhabitants.
Escacena del Campo is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva, Spain. According to the 2005 census, the municipality has a population of 2,182 inhabitants.
Paterna del Campo is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva, Spain. According to the 2005 census, it has a population of 3,729 inhabitants.
Bornos is a town and municipality located in the province of Cádiz, Spain.
Almonte is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva, Spain. According to the 2010 census, the city has a population of 23,000 inhabitants. The village of El Rocío, an important pilgrimage point, is located within the municipality.
Champagnole is a commune in the Jura department in Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Uwe Konstantin Blab (born March 26, 1962) is a retired German professional basketball player who had a five-year career in the National Basketball Association .
KDGE (102.1 MHz, "Star 102.1") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to both Fort Worth and Dallas, Texas. It is owned and operated by iHeartMedia, and is broadcasting an Mainstream AC format.
Hellerup IK or HIK is a Danish sport club from Hellerup. Their football team currently plays in the Danish 2nd Division group 2.
Bendorf is a town in the district of Mayen-Koblenz, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, on the right bank of the Rhine, approx. north of Koblenz.
KJKK (100.3 FM, "Jack FM") is an American radio station in the Dallas-Fort Worth area of Texas. It broadcasts an adult hits music format. KJKK is owned by Entercom, and the broadcast license is held by CBS Radio Texas Inc. The station's studios are located along North Central Expressway in Uptown Dallas and the transmitter site is in Cedar Hill. 
Jessé Gomes da Silva Filho, known professionally as Zeca Pagodinho (, born February 4, 1959), is a Brazilian singer-songwriter working in the genres of samba and pagode.
Chelsea Creek, shown on federal maps as the Chelsea River, is a waterway that runs along the shore of Chelsea, Massachusetts and separates that community from the cities of Boston and Revere as well as feeding part of the current Belle Isle Marsh Reservation that separates Boston from Revere. It is one of 10 designated port areas in Massachusetts.
Hugh Emlyn Hooson, Baron Hooson, (26 March 1925 – 21 February 2012) was a Welsh Liberal and then Liberal Democrat politician. He was the Member of Parliament  for Montgomeryshire from 1962 until 1979.
Castelar is a city in Morón Partido , Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, some 30 km west of the nation's capital, the autonomous city of Buenos Aires. It forms part of the Greater Buenos Aires metropolitan area.
Julius Erich Wess (December 5, 1934August 8, 2007) was an Austrian theoretical physicist noted as the co-inventor of the Wess–Zumino model and Wess–Zumino–Witten model in the field of supersymmetry. He was also a recipient of the Max Planck medal, the Wigner medal, the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize, the Heineman Prize, and of several honorary doctorates.
Bakersfield College  is a public community college located in Bakersfield, California, United States. BC serves about 22,000 students each semester or 31,000 annually, and offers Associate's degree, certificate programs, and is one of fifteen California Community Colleges offering a Baccalaureate Degree for students to choose from. BC is part of the Kern Community College District , which is itself part of the California Community Colleges system.
Ann Murray, (born 27 August 1949) is an Irish mezzo-soprano.
Station Park is a football ground in Forfar, Angus, Scotland. It is home to Scottish Professional Football League side Forfar Athletic and to Forfar Farmington of the Scottish Women's Premier League.
KELO (1320 AM, "Newstalk 1320 KELO" is an AM radio station licensed to Sioux Falls, South Dakota, airing a news/talk format. It is owned by Midwest Communications, Inc.
Dawson Community College is a community college with approximately 400 full-time students, located in Glendive, Montana. DCC offers students one-year certificate programs or two-year associate's degree programs. 
Great Barrier Aerodrome is the major airfield of the three on Great Barrier Island. It is a small, uncontrolled aerodrome 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) north-east of Claris on Great Barrier Island in the Hauraki Gulf off the North Island of New Zealand. 
"For the woodcarver and gilder, see William H. Fry."
Mondrainville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy région in northwestern France.
Shawn Mathis Wayans (born January 19, 1971) is an American actor, DJ, producer, writer and comedian who starred in "In Living Color", "The Wayans Bros.", and "White Chicks". He is the brother of Marlon, Keenen Ivory, Damon Sr., 
Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Kent, KG, PC (16715 June 1740) was a British politician and courtier.
Waihi is a town in Hauraki District in the North Island of New Zealand, especially notable for its history as a gold mine town. It had a population of 4,527 at the 2013 census.
Shaun Cameron Wright-Phillips (born 25 October 1981) is an English professional footballer who last played as a winger for United Soccer League club Phoenix Rising FC.
Pencoed is a heavily urbanised community and town in the county borough of Bridgend, Wales. It straddles the M4 motorway north east of Bridgend and is situated on the Ewenny River. As of the 2011 census it had a population of around 9,170.
CFEG-TV, UHF analog channel 19, is a low-power Christian television station licensed to Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada. The station is owned by the Clearbrook Mennonite Brethren Church. 
Medgar Evers College is a senior college of The City University of New York , offering baccalaureate and associate degrees. It was officially established in 1970 through cooperation between educators and community leaders in central Brooklyn. 
Frederick II (1090 – 6 April 1147), called the One-Eyed, was Duke of Swabia from 1105 until his death, the second from the Hohenstaufen dynasty. His younger brother Conrad was elected King of the Romans in 1138.
Johann Josef Loschmidt (15 March 1821 – 8 July 1895), who referred to himself mostly as Josef Loschmidt , was a notable Austrian scientist who performed ground-breaking work in chemistry, physics , and crystal forms.
Edgar Douglas Adrian, 1st Baron Adrian (30 November 1889 – 4 August 1977) was an English electrophysiologist and recipient of the 1932 Nobel Prize for Physiology, won jointly with Sir Charles Sherrington for work on the function of neurons. He provided experimental evidence for the all-or-none law of nerves.
Webster University is an American non-profit private university with its main campus in Webster Groves, Missouri.
Palaniappan Chidambaram (born 16 September 1945) is an Indian politician and former attorney who currently serves as Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha and formerly served as the Union Minister of Finance of India. 
Ignaz Seipel (19 July 1876 – 2 August 1932) was an Austrian prelate and politician of the Christian Social Party , who served as Federal Chancellor twice during the 1920s.
Tasciovanus was a historical king of the Catuvellauni tribe before the Roman conquest of Britain.
Frederic-Hans von Rosenberg (26 December 1874 – 30 July 1937) was a German diplomat and politician. He served as "Reichsaußenminister"  in the cabinet of Wilhelm Cuno in 1922–1923.
Howard Jones (born July 20, 1970) is an American metalcore vocalist, best known as vocalist of the bands Killswitch Engage and Blood Has Been Shed, and as the current vocalist of Light the Torch, formerly known as Devil You Know.
Daniel M. Tani (born February 1, 1961) is an American engineer and a NASA astronaut. Although born in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania, he considers Lombard, Illinois, to be his hometown. With Peggy Whitson, Tani conducted the 100th spacewalk on the International Space Station.
Francis Place (3 November 1771 in London – 1 January 1854 in London) was an English social reformer.
Hackney Marshes is an area of open space in London's Lower Lea Valley, lying on the western bank of the River Lea. It takes its name from its position on the eastern boundary of Hackney, the principal part of the London Borough of Hackney, and from its origin as an area of true marsh.
The National Museum of Ireland  is Ireland's leading museum institution, with a strong emphasis on national and some international archaeology, Irish history, Irish art, culture, and natural history. It has three branches in Dublin and one in County Mayo.
The St. Francis River is a tributary of the Mississippi River, about long, in southeastern Missouri and northeastern Arkansas in the United States. The river drains a mostly rural area and forms part of the Missouri-Arkansas state line along the western side of the Missouri Bootheel.
Ouilly-du-Houley is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Pierrefitte-en-Cinglais is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Potigny is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Bischofswerda  is a small town in Germany at the western edge of Upper Lusatia in Saxony.
The Australia First Party  Incorporated  is an Australian far-right political party founded in 1996 by Graeme Campbell and currently led by Jim Saleam. The policies of Australia First have been described as nationalistic, anti-multicultural and economic protectionist. 
Abubakar Tafawa Balewa, KBE (December 1912 – 15 January 1966) was a Nigerian politician, and the first prime minister of an independent Nigeria.
Putot-en-Auge is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Rouvres is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. The company develops and markets networking products, including routers, switches, network management software, network security products, and software-defined networking technology.
Jennifer Mary "Jenna" Elfman (née Butala; born September 30, 1971) is an American actress, best known for her performances in television comedies. Her first leading role was in the short-lived ABC sitcom "Townies" in 1996, before making her film debut in the 1997 comedy "Grosse Pointe Blank".
Telangana Rashtra Samithi  is an Indian regional political party based in Telangana. It was founded on 27 April 2001 by K. Chandrashekar Rao, with a single-point agenda of creating a separate Telangana state with Hyderabad as its capital. 
Abraham Baldwin Agricultural College  is a state college of the University System of Georgia. Located in Tifton, Georgia, ABAC offers baccalaureate and associate degrees. The college is named after Abraham Baldwin, a signer of the United States Constitution from Georgia and the first president of the University of Georgia.
Spuyten Duyvil Creek is a short tidal estuary in New York City connecting the Hudson River to the Harlem River Ship Canal and then on to the Harlem River. The confluence of the three water bodies separate the island of Manhattan from the Bronx and the rest of the mainland. 
The Duchy of Modena and Reggio  was a small northwestern Italian state that existed from 1452 to 1859, with a break during the Napoleonic Wars (1796–1814) when Emperor Napoleon I reorganized the states and republics of renaissance-era Italy, then under the domination of his French Empire. It was ruled from 1814 by the noble House of Este, of Austria-Este.
Philippe, Baron de Rothschild (13 April 1902 – 20 January 1988) was a member of the Rothschild banking dynasty who became a Grand Prix race-car driver, a screenwriter and playwright, a theatrical producer, a film producer, a poet, and one of the most successful wine growers in the world.
Tewodros II (, baptized as Sahle Dingil; c. 1818 – April 13, 1868) was Emperor of Ethiopia from 1855 until his death in 1868. He was born Kassa Hailegiorgis . 
John Alsop King (January 3, 1788July 7, 1867) was an American politician who was Governor of New York from 1857 to 1858.
The Palouse  is a distinct geographic region of the northwestern United States, encompassing parts of north central Idaho, southeastern Washington, and, by some definitions, parts of northeast Oregon. It is a major agricultural area, primarily producing wheat and legumes. 
Canso is a community in Guysborough County, on the north-eastern tip of mainland Nova Scotia, Canada, next to Chedabucto Bay. In January 2012, it ceased to be a separate town and as of July 2012 was amalgamated into the Municipality of the District of Guysborough.
Rosarito is a coastal resort city in the Mexican state of Baja California located approximately 10 miles south of the U.S. border in Rosarito Beach Municipality. Often mistakenly called Rosarito Beach because of the well-known Rosarito Beach Hotel, the town of Rosarito is one part of the municipality named Playas de Rosarito .
Brian David Robertson (born 12 February 1956) is a Scottish rock guitarist, best known as a member of Thin Lizzy and Motörhead.
Ayreon is a musical project by Dutch songwriter, singer, multi-instrumentalist musician and record producer Arjen Anthony Lucassen. Ayreon's music is described as progressive rock, progressive metal and power metal sometimes combined with genres such as folk, electronica, experimental and classical music. 
Warrior (born James Brian Hellwig; June 16, 1959 – April 8, 2014) was an American professional wrestler, who most famously wrestled under the ring name The Ultimate Warrior for the World Wrestling Federation  from 1987 to 1991 and again in 1992 and 1996. During his 1998 stint in World Championship Wrestling , he was known as The Warrior. Before WWF, he was known in World Class Championship Wrestling  as Dingo Warrior.
Shai Hulud is an American metalcore band formed in Pompano Beach, Florida, in 1995 then later moved to Poughkeepsie, New York. The band is named after the giant sandworms in Frank Herbert's novel "Dune".
Gorilla Biscuits are an American hardcore punk band from New York City, New York, formed in 1987. The band currently consists of Anthony "Civ" Civarelli, Walter Schreifels, Arthur Smilios and Luke Abbey, and is signed to Revelation Records. Gorilla Biscuits are part of the New York hardcore scene.
The Hood River, formerly known as Dog River, is a tributary of the Columbia River in northwestern Oregon in the United States. Approximately long from its mouth to its farthest headwaters on the East Fork, the river descends from wilderness areas in the Cascade Range on Mount Hood and flows through the agricultural Hood River Valley to join the Columbia River in the Columbia River Gorge.
The Levisa Fork  is a tributary of the Big Sandy River, approximately long, in southwestern Virginia and eastern Kentucky in the United States.
Saint-Germain-du-Pert is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France.
Nathaniel Lyon (July 14, 1818 – August 10, 1861) was the first Union general to be killed in the American Civil War and is noted for his actions in the state of Missouri at the beginning of the conflict.
Richard Henry Blood Sr. (born February 28, 1953), better known by his ring name Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat, is an American retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his work with the American Wrestling Association , Jim Crockett Promotions , World Championship Wrestling , and the World Wrestling Federation .
Sergej Barbarez (born 17 September 1971) is a Bosnian former professional footballer who played for several clubs in the German Bundesliga and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team. He is considered as one of the all-time great players of Hamburger SV where he scored 65 goals in 174 Bundesliga games. 
John I (1284 – 10 November 1299) was Count of Holland and son of Count Floris V. John inherited the county in 1296 after the murder of his father.
Field Marshal Peter Anthony Inge, Baron Inge, (born 5 August 1935) was the Chief of the General Staff, the professional head of the British Army, from 1992 to 1994. He then served as Chief of the Defence Staff before retiring in 1997. 
Saint-Laurent-sur-Mer is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France. The town is located not far from Omaha Beach, where, in World War II, Allied forces landed during D-Day.
Discovery, Inc.  is an American mass media company based in New York City. Established in 1985, the company is best known with its factual television networks, such as the namesake Discovery Channel, Animal Planet, Science Channel, TLC, HGTV, Travel Channel, Food Network, Cooking Channel, and DIY Network, among others. It also expanded to digital business, such as Group Nine Media (35%) and media properties for golf enthusiasts under the "Golf Digest" and GolfTV brands.
Nickel Centre (1996 census population 13,017) was a town in Ontario, Canada, which existed from 1973 to 2000.
Antonio Caldara (1670 – 28 December 1736) was an Italian Baroque composer.
Brierley  is a small town and former civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Barnsley in South Yorkshire, England. The civil parish was abolished in 2016. 
Michael A. "Mike" Ferguson (born July 22, 1970) is an American Republican Party politician who served as member of the United States House of Representatives representing New Jersey's 7th congressional district from 2001 to 2009. Ferguson is now a Senior Advisor at BakerHostetler and leader of the firm's Federal Policy team.
Yvonne De Carlo (born Margaret Yvonne Middleton; September 1, 1922 – January 8, 2007) was a Canadian-American actress, dancer, and singer. A brunette with blue-grey eyes, she became an internationally famous Hollywood film star in the 1940s and 1950s, made several recordings, and later acted on television and stage.
Megan Mullally (born November 12, 1958) is an American actress, comedian and singer. She is best known for her starring role as Karen Walker on the NBC sitcom "Will & Grace" (1998–2006, 2017–present), for which she received eight Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, winning twice in 2000 and 2006. 
Mopar is the parts, service and customer care organization within Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. The name is a portmanteau of the words "MOtor" and "PARts".
William John Bremner (9 December 1942 – 7 December 1997) was a Scottish professional footballer and manager known for his strength, skills and compact constitution. A midfielder, he played for Leeds United from 1959 to 1976, and captained the side during this time, which was the most successful period of the club's history. 
Domenico da Piacenza (c. 1400 – c. 1470), also known as Domenico da Ferrara, was an Italian Renaissance dancing master. He became a very popular teacher with his students – most notably Antonio Cornazzano and Guglielmo Ebreo da Pesaro – who both later became successful dance masters. 
Harrow Weald is an area in the north-west of Greater London, England. It includes a suburban development and forms part of the London Borough of Harrow.
Erich Neumann (; 23 January 1905 – 5 November 1960), was a psychologist, philosopher, writer, and student of Carl Jung.
Zohar Manna (1939 – 30 August 2018) was an Israeli-American computer scientist who was a professor of computer science at Stanford University.
Dirty Rotten Imbeciles  are an American crossover thrash band that formed in Houston, Texas in 1982. The band is currently composed of two of its founding members, vocalist Kurt Brecht and guitarist Spike Cassidy, as well as drummer Rob Rampy and bass player Greg Orr.
Covenant College is a Christian liberal arts college in Lookout Mountain, Georgia.
Hapag-Lloyd Express  was a no-frills, high-frequency, express airline based in Langenhagen, Germany. It operated services within Germany and to destinations in Europe. 
Eternal Tears of Sorrow  is a Finnish extreme metal band formed in Pudasjärvi.
Roberto Rivellino (also Rivelino, ; ; born 1 January 1946) is a former Brazilian professional footballer. He was one of the stars of Brazil's 1970 FIFA World Cup winning team. Rivellino currently works as a pundit for Brazilian TV Cultura.
The Academy of Sciences of Moldova , established in 1946, is the main scientific organization of the Republic of Moldova and coordinates research in all areas of science and technology.
Robert of Clermont (1256 – 7 February 1317) was created Count of Clermont in 1268. He was the son of King Louis IX of France and Margaret of Provence. 
Steven Joseph Chabot (born January 22, 1953) is an American politician and lawyer who has been the United States Representative for since 2011. Chabot, a member of the Republican Party, previously represented the district from 1995 to 2009.
The University of West London  is a public university in the United Kingdom which has campuses in Ealing and Brentford in Greater London, as well as in Reading, Berkshire.
Kevin Moore (born May 26, 1967) is an American keyboardist, vocalist, composer, and founder of the Chroma Key music project. He is also a former member of the American progressive metal/rock band Dream Theater, co-founder of the progressive rock supergroup O.S.I., and has composed film soundtracks. 
Heinrich von Friedberg (27 January 1813 – 2 June 1895) was a German jurist and statesman.
CFQX-FM is a country music radio station in Winnipeg, the station currently operates out of studios in downtown Winnipeg, at 177 Lombard Avenue. It shares studios with sister station CHIQ-FM. 
The National Alliance for Belizean Rights , formed as the Patriotic Alliance for Territorial Integrity, was a political party in Belize in the 1990s. The party colour was forest green.
The Yellow River is a river in the southern United States which runs through Alabama and Florida. It empties into Blackwater Bay, an arm of Pensacola Bay.
Emil Orgetorix Gustav Forrer (also Emilio O. Forrer; ; 19 February 1894, Straßburg, Alsace-Lorraine – 10 January 1986, San Salvador) was a Swiss Assyriologist and pioneering Hittitologist.
Donald Laurie "Dart" Edwards (born September 28, 1955 in Hamilton, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey goaltender who played ten seasons in the National Hockey League for the Buffalo Sabres, Calgary Flames, and Toronto Maple Leafs.
Guryevsk , previously known by its German name , is a town and the administrative center of Guryevsky District of Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located northeast of Kaliningrad. Population: 
The Outer Lands is the prominent terminal moraine archipelagic region off the southern coast of New England in the United States. This eight-county region of Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and New York, comprises the peninsula of Cape Cod and the islands of Martha's Vineyard, the Elizabeth Islands, Nantucket, Block Island, and Long Island, as well as surrounding islands and islets.
Montjovet  is a town and "comune" in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.
Binetto  is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy.
Palo del Colle  is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy. 
Triggiano  is a small town  in the southern part of the Metropolitan City of Bari and region of Apulia, southern Italy. It lies a few miles inland from the port of Bari on the Adriatic Sea.
Dictionnaires Le Robert  is a French publisher of dictionaries founded by Paul Robert. Its Petit Robert is often considered the authoritative single-volume dictionary of the French language.
The Cincinnati Silverbacks was an indoor soccer club based in Cincinnati, Ohio that competed in the National Professional Soccer League.
The Continental Ranges is a name for a major grouping of mountain ranges in the Rocky Mountains located in eastern British Columbia and western Alberta. It is a physiographic designation for use by geologists and is not used by the general public; it is not recognized in Alberta, and does not appear on topographic maps, although the names of its subranges  are in common use. It is the largest and best-known of the three main such subdivisions of the Canadian Rockies, the others being the Hart Ranges and the Muskwa Ranges.
Tyler Farrar (born June 2, 1984) is an American former road racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2003 and 2017 for the , , , and squads.
Attigny is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.
Grignan is a commune in the Drôme department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.
The Liberal League  was a political party in Luxembourg between 1904 and 1925. It was the indirect predecessor of the Democratic Party , which has been one of the three major parties in Luxembourg since the Second World War.
Space Center Houston is a leading science and space learning center, the official visitor center of NASA Johnson Space Center in Houston and a Smithsonian Affiliate museum. The organization is owned and operated by the nonprofit Manned Spaceflight Education Foundation, a 501(3) organization. 
Julius Paulus Prudentissimus (; fl. 2nd century and 3rd century AD) was one of the most influential and distinguished Roman jurists. He was also a praetorian prefect under the Roman Emperor Alexander Severus.
Lieutenant-Colonel George Monro  (1700 – 1757) was a Scottish-Irish soldier. He was an officer in the British Army best remembered for his resolute but ultimately unsuccessful defence of Fort William Henry in 1757 during the Seven Years' War / French and Indian War and the subsequent massacre of his garrison at the hands of France’s Indian allies. 
Askari Bank Ltd   is a commercial and retail bank in Pakistan and is owned by Fauji Foundation.
Libor Charfreitag (born 11 September 1977 in Trnava) is a hammer thrower from Slovakia. His personal best throw is 81.81 metres, achieved in June 2003 in Prague.
Botafogo Futebol Clube, usually known as Botafogo, or as Botafogo da Paraíba, is a Brazilian football club from João Pessoa, Paraíba state. The club won the Série D once.
Celle di San Vito  is a town and "comune" in the province of Foggia of the Apulia region in southern Italy.
Orta Nova is a town and "comune" about from Foggia, in the region of Apulia, in southern Italy. It stretches to the southern part of the "Tavoliere"  on the right bank of the River Carapelle.
Serracapriola  is an italian town of 4.039 inhabitants, located in the province of Foggia, Apulia. It is part of the Gargano National Park, and it is placed at the border between Apulia and Molise, on a hill of nearly 300 meters tall (about 892 feet).
Fantasy Press was an American publishing house specialising in fantasy and science fiction titles. Established in 1946 by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach in Reading, Pennsylvania, it was most notable for publishing the works of authors such as Robert A. Heinlein and E. E. Smith. One of its more notable offerings was the Lensman series.
Betty Sue Sutton (born July 31, 1963) is an American politician who served as a U.S. Representative for from 2007 to 2013. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 
Bankinter, S.A., , is a Spanish bank with headquarters in Madrid. The Bank has been listed on the Bolsa de Madrid  since 1972, and is part of the Ibex35 Index.
Auburn/Lewiston Municipal Airport is a public airport in Androscoggin County, Maine, opened in 1935. It is five miles southwest of the cities of Auburn and Lewiston, both of which own and operate the airport, though it is in the Auburn city limits.
Santopadre is a small town and "comune" in the province of Frosinone, Lazio region of Italy. 
Alessano  is a town and "comune" in the province of Lecce, part of Apulia region of south-east Italy.
Caprarica di Lecce  is a town and "comune" in the Italian province of Lecce. It is located in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
Collepasso  is a town and "comune" in the province of Lecce, Apulia, south-eastern Italy.
Iqra University  is a Public University primarily located in the Defence Area of Karachi, Pakistan. It has additional campuses in other parts of the city as well as in Islamabad. 
Guagnano  is a town and "comune" in the province of Lecce, Apulia, south-eastern Italy. Situated in northern Salento, it also includes the fraction of Villa Baldassarri.
Melissano  is a town and "comune" in the province of Lecce, part of the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
Wilhelm Killmayer (21 August 1927 – 20 August 2017) was a German composer of classical music, a conductor and an academic teacher of composition at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München from 1973 to 1992. He composed symphonies and song cycles on poems by Friedrich Hölderlin, Joseph von Eichendorff, Georg Trakl and Peter Härtling, among others.
San Cesario di Lecce is a town and "comune" in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
San Pietro in Lama  is a town and "comune" in the province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
Rawaki Island is one of the Phoenix Islands in the Republic of Kiribati, also known by its previous name of Phoenix Island. It is a small, uninhabited atoll, approximately in size and in area, with a shallow, brackish lagoon that is not connected to the open sea. It is located at .
The University of Georgia College of Veterinary Medicine is a college within the University of Georgia  in Athens, Georgia, United States.
Sanarica is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy.
Albidona  is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of Italy.
Bisignano  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza, part of the Calabria region of southern Italy. It is situated on hills in the Crati valley, between the Pollino and Sila National Parks.
Castiglione Cosentino is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Carolei is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Villapiana  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Mormanno  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It is located in the heart of the National Park of Pollino, near the course of the Lao River.
Cropalati is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
San Benedetto Ullano  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Sangineto is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
Lungro  is a town and  in the Province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of Italy.
Grimaldi is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy. Grimaldi is referred to as "Grimaldo" in historic documents. 
Firmo  is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy with major community of ethnic Albanians.
Marzi is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It is also the birthplace of award-winning cinematographer Mauro Fiore. 
South Lakeland Airport is a public airport located 13.5 miles south of the central business district  of Lakeland, a city in Polk County, Florida, United States. The airport covers 32 acres and has one runway. 
Roccabernada is a town and "comune" of the province of Crotone in the Calabria region of southern Italy. 
City Oval , is a multi-purpose stadium in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa. The 12,000 capacity stadium is currently used predominantly for cricket matches, with the ground being used by KwaZulu-Natal Inland men's and women's teams, KwaZulu-Natal and Dolphins , and hosted two matches during the 2003 Cricket World Cup. 
Garut is a town in the West Java province of Indonesia and is the capital of the Garut Regency. It is located about 75 km to the southeast of the major city of Bandung.
Victor Dickenson (August 6, 1906 – November 16, 1984) was an African-American jazz trombonist. His career began in the 1920s and continued through musical partnerships with Count Basie (1940–41), Sidney Bechet (1941), and Earl Hines.
Mazzarino  is a city and "comune" in the province of Caltanissetta in the region of Sicily, Italy.
Newman Airport is an airport near Newman, Western Australia. Situated southeast from the town, it is the most ready form of transport between Perth and Newman.
KBGY (107.5 FM) is an American radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission  to operate in Faribault, Minnesota, United States, and serving south central Minnesota, with a signal that reaches Mankato, Rochester and the southern suburbs of the Twin Cities.
Bukovica is a geographical region in Croatia. It lies in northern Dalmatia, with Lika to the north, Kninska Krajina to the east, and Ravni Kotari to the southwest.
KHYT is a commercial radio station located in Tucson, Arizona, United States, broadcasting on 107.5 FM. KHYT airs a classic hits music format branded as "K-Hit 107.5". 
Sunna are a hard rock and industrial rock band from Bristol, England. They released their third album, "After the Third Pin" on 3 October 2011.
Paulo César Fonseca do Nascimento (born 13 January 1978), known as Tinga, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Data Becker GmbH & Co. KG was a German publisher of computer books and software. It was founded in Düsseldorf in 1980 by Dr. Achim Becker and Harald Becker, and opened its first store in 1981. 
Michael Ian Mancienne (born 8 January 1988) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for New England Revolution in MLS.
Mattia Preti (24 February 1613 – 3 January 1699) was an Italian Baroque artist who worked in Italy and Malta. He was appointed a Member of the Order of Saint John.
Al-Watiq II  was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo, Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1383 and 1386.
Wayne Robert Hennessey (born 24 January 1987) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Crystal Palace and the Wales national team.
KMNY (1360 AM, is a radio station in the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex, which broadcasts on 1360 kHz and is under ownership of Multicultural Broadcasting. As of February 2010, the station is broadcasting in Spanish, Portuguese, and Greek.
Silesian Museum  is a museum in the city of Katowice, Poland.
Aldeno is a "comune" in Trentino in north Italy.
Moon Island is situated in Quincy Bay, in the middle of Boston Harbor, Massachusetts, and is the location of the Boston Fire Department Training Academy, and Boston Police Department shooting range. All of the land on the island is owned by the City of Boston but the island is under the jurisdiction of Quincy, Massachusetts. It is also part of the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area.
Agrupación Deportiva Cerro de Reyes Badajoz Atlético is a Spanish football team based in Badajoz, in the autonomous community of Extremadura. Founded in 1980, the club is not registered in any competition. 
Michael Levin Anderson (born March 23, 1966) is an American former professional basketball player for Drexel University, the NBA, Spain's professional Liga ACB, the Continental Basketball Association , the Greek Basket League and the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Genadendal is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa, built on the site of the oldest mission station in the country. It was originally known as Baviaanskloof.
Mono Island is the largest island of the Treasury Islands, Solomon Islands, at .
Samuel James Veluppillai Chelvanayakam (; 31 March 1898 – 26 April 1977) was a Ceylon Tamil lawyer, politician and Member of Parliament. He was the founder and leader of the Illankai Tamil Arasu Kachchi  and Tamil United Liberation Front  and a political leader of the Ceylon Tamil community for more than two decades.
The Blackwater River of southeastern Virginia flows from its source near the city of Petersburg, Virginia for about 105 miles (170 km) through the Inner Coastal Plain region of Virginia . The Blackwater joins the Nottoway River to form the Chowan River, which empties into Albemarle Sound. 
Chapelton is a market town in Clarendon Parish, Jamaica and the former parish capital.
Arundel Island is an island of the New Georgia Islands archipelago in the Western Province of Solomon Islands. Its indigenous names are "Kohinggo" and "Ndokulu". 
Michael Grant Ignatieff (; born May 12, 1947) is a Canadian author, academic and former politician. He was the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada and Leader of the Official Opposition from 2008 until 2011. Known for his work as a historian, Ignatieff has held senior academic posts at the universities of Cambridge, Oxford, Harvard and Toronto.
Vievis  is a small city in Elektrėnai municipality, Lithuania. It is located 14 km east of Elektrėnai, on Lake Vievis.
Deon Hemmings (born 9 October 1968 in Saint Ann, Jamaica) is a former female 400 metres hurdler.
Alexander Singer (born 18 April 1928, in New York City, New York) is an American director. He began his career behind the camera in 1951 as a cinematographer on the short documentary "Day of the Fight", directed by his high school friend, Stanley Kubrick. Singer himself turned to directing a decade later with the film, "A Cold Wind in August".
Gerbe is a French marketer and manufacturer of hosiery and lingerie.
Hog Island is an island located off the eastern shore of Washington Island in the town of Washington, Door County, Wisconsin, United States. The island has a land area of .
Garage A Trois  is a quartet including drummer Stanton Moore, saxophonist Skerik, vibraphone and percussionist Mike Dillon and keyboardist Marco Benevento. They play a variety of music including rock, funk and jazz.
Bairo is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont, about north of Turin.
The Indonesian National Party of Marhaenism  is a political party in Indonesia.
The Social Democratic Party  was a centrist political party in France.
Friedhelm Funkel (born 10 December 1953) is a German football manager and former player. He currently coaches Fortuna Düsseldorf.
Canarreos Archipelago  is an archipelago of Cuba.
Torrijos is a Spanish municipality of Toledo province, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha. Its surface is 17 km², with a density of 682.76 people/km². 
Mark Charig (born 22 February 1944 in London) is a British trumpeter and cornetist.
Ron Keel (born March 25, 1961), is a heavy metal vocalist and guitarist for a number of bands from the 1980s to the modern day, including the hard rock band Keel.
WNWR (1540 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania owned by Aztec Capital Partners. Its studio is located at 200 Monument Road, Suite 6, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania and its transmitter is located in the Roxborough neighborhood of Philadelphia, off Ridge Avenue.
Thomas-Alexandre Dumas Davy de la Pailleterie (; also known as Alexandre Dumas; 25 March 1762 – 26 February 1806) was a French general in Revolutionary France and after Abram Petrovich Gannibal in Imperial Russia, was one of the highest-ranking men of African descent ever in a European army. He was the first person of color in the French military to become brigadier general, the first to become divisional general, and the first to become general-in-chief of a French army. 
The Baining Mountains is a mountain range on Gazelle Peninsula of New Britain island, in northern Papua New Guinea. 
Loncomilla River  is a tributary to the Maule river in Linares Province, Maule Region, Chile. Two rivers join to form the Loncomilla River: the Perquilauquén river and Longaví river.
Long Island is located in Boston Harbor, Massachusetts. The island is part of the City of Boston, and of the Boston Harbor Islands National Recreation Area. The island is long and covers .
Jonathan Roger Beckwith (born December 25, 1935 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) is an American microbiologist and geneticist. He is the American Cancer Society Professor in the Department of Microbiology and Immunobiology at Harvard Medical School in Boston, Massachusetts.
Shiashkotan ;  is an uninhabited volcanic island near the center of the Kuril Islands chain in the Sea of Okhotsk in the northwest Pacific Ocean, separated from Ekarma by the Ekarma Strait. Its name is derived from the Ainu language, from “Konbu village”.
The Taipei National University of the Arts  is a national university in Guandu, Beitou District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Valentina Ivanovna Matviyenko ; born 7 April 1949) is a Russian politician serving as the Senator from Saint Petersburg and Chairwoman of the Federation Council since 2011. Previously she was Governor of Saint Petersburg from 2003 to 2011.
Barone Canavese is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin. 
Brandizzo is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about northeast of Turin.
Cafasse is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located at the mouth of the Valli di Lanzo about northwest of Turin.
Caprie is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, about west of Turin. 
Castiglione Torinese is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, about northeast of Turin. 
Chiesanuova is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about north of Turin.
Colleretto Giacosa is a "comune"  in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about north of Turin. 
